<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1879726_0001493152-23-007736.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5687437</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>306338</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1049882</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1619935</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1181714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1397378</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007736.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315160547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007736
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sidus Space Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001879726
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				460628183
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41154
		FILM NUMBER:		23735179

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 IMPERIAL BLVD.
		CITY:			CAPE CANAVERAL
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		321-613-5620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 N. SYKES CREEK PKWY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MERRITT ISLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32953

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007736.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to _________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State
 or jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No. 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based on a closing sale price of 3.30 per share,
which was the last sale price of the Class A common stock as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

Number
of Class A common shares and Class B common shares outstanding as of March 15, 2023 was and , respectively. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 5 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 42 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 42 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 41 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 42 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 43 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 43 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 48 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 49 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 50 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 50 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 51 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 51 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 51 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 55 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 56 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 58 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 60 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 61 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 62 

Signatures 

63 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, 
 should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections
about our company, are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. We may not actually
achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially
from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Our business and our forward-looking statements
involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 

our
 projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

our
 need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our operations; 

our
 ability to compete in the global space industry; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our current products and services; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights and the potential for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce
 or protect our intellectual property rights; 

the
 possibility that a third party may claim we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights
 and that we may incur substantial costs and be required to devote substantial time defending against these claims; 

our
 reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the
 success of competing products or services that are or become available; 

our
 ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth and our ability to retain and attract key personnel; 

the
 potential for us to incur substantial costs resulting from lawsuits against us and the potential for these lawsuits to cause us to
 limit our commercialization of our products and services; 

All
of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. In each case, actual results may differ
materially from such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will
prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents
or filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan
to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections
or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if
such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements
or disclosures by us following this Annual Report on Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market
size and growth and other data about our industry. We obtained the industry and market data in this annual report on Form 10-K from our
own research as well as from industry and general publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. This data involves a
number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance of the industries in which we
operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, including those discussed in Risk Factors. We caution you not
to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions, and estimates. Further, industry and general publications, studies and surveys
generally state that they have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness
of such information. While we believe that these publications, studies, and surveys are reliable, we have not independently verified
the data contained in them. In addition, while we believe that the results and estimates from our internal research are reliable, such
results and estimates have not been verified by any independent source. 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our
business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what
we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider
the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously
harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important
factors that adversely affect our business. 

Our
 limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 

We
 have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain
 profitability . 

The
 success of our business will be highly dependent on our ability to effectively market and sell our commercial satellite manufacturing,
 launch, and data services for small LEO satellites 

We
 have not yet delivered our 3D printed satellites into orbit, and any setbacks we may experience during our first commercial satellite
 launch planned for 2023 and other demonstration and commercial missions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operation, and could harm our reputation. 

The
 market for commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data services for small LEO satellites is not well established, is still
 emerging and may not achieve the growth potential we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 

Our
 ability to grow our business depends on the successful development of our satellites and related technology, which is subject to
 many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. 

We
 routinely conduct hazardous operations in testing of our satellite subsystems, which could result in damage to property or persons.
 Unsatisfactory performance or failure of our satellites and related technology at launch or during operation could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

We
 may experience a total loss of our technology and products and our customers payloads if there is an accident on launch or
 during the journey into space, and any insurance we have may not be adequate to cover our loss. 

Any
 delays in the development and manufacture of satellites and related technology may adversely impact our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. 

4 

Our
 customized hardware and software may be difficult and expensive to service, upgrade or replace. 

Our
 satellites may collide with space debris or another spacecraft, which could adversely affect our operations. 

If
 we are unable to adapt to and satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we are unable to manufacture
 our products at a quantity and quality that our customers demand, our ability to grow our business may suffer. 

If
 we are unable to maintain relationships with our existing launch partners or enter into relationships with new launch partners, we
 may be unable to reach our targeted annual launch rate, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our business. 

Our
 business is subject to a wide variety of extensive and evolving government laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws
 and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Craig
 Technical Consulting, Inc., or CTC, controls the direction of our business, and the concentrated ownership of our common stock will
 prevent you and other stockholders from influencing significant decisions. 

We
 may be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, may qualify for, and may rely
 on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 

The
 dual-class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, has the
 effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to our initial public offering, comprised
 of our Chief Executive Officer. This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the
 election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all
 of our assets, or other major corporate transactions requiring stockholder approval, and that may adversely affect the trading price
 of our Class A common stock. 

PART
I 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to we, our, us, the Company, Sidus, 
or Sidus Space refer to Sidus Space, Inc., individually, or as the context requires, collectively with its subsidiary. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview 

Founded
in 2012, we are a vertically integrated provider of Space-as-a-Service solutions including end-to-end satellite support. The company
combines mission critical hardware manufacturing; multi-disciplinary engineering services; satellite design, manufacture, launch planning,
mission operations and in-orbit support; and space-based data collection with a vision to enable space flight heritage status for new
technologies and deliver data and predictive analytics to both domestic and global customers. We have over ten (10) years of commercial,
military and government manufacturing experience combined with space qualification experience, existing customers and pipeline, and International
Space Station (ISS) heritage hardware. 

In
addition, we are building a multi-mission satellite constellation using our hybrid 3D printed multipurpose satellite to provide continuous,
near real-time Earth Observation and Internet-of-Things (IOT) data for the global space economy. We have designed and are manufacturing
LizzieSat (LS) for our LEO satellite constellation operating in diverse orbits (28 -98 inclination, 300-650km altitude) as approved
by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) in February 2021. LS is expected to begin operations in 2023. Initial launches are
planned via NASA CRS2 program agreement and launch service rideshare contracts. Each LS is 100kg with 35kg dedicated to payloads including
remote sensing instruments. Payloads (Sidus or customer owned) can collect data over multiple Earth based locations, record it onboard,
and downlink via ground passes to Sidus Mission Control Center (MCC) in Merritt Island, FL. 

5 

Leveraging
our existing manufacturing operations, flight hardware manufacturing experience and commercial off the shelf subsystem hardware, we believe
we can deliver customer sensors to orbit in months, rather than years. In addition, we intend on delivering high-impact data for insights
on aviation, maritime, weather, space services, earth intelligence and observation, financial technology (Fintech) and the Internet of
Things. While our business has historically been centered on the design and manufacture of space hardware, our expansion into manufacture
of spacecraft as well as on-orbit constellation management services and space data applications has led us to innovating in the area
of space data applications. We continue to patent our products including our satellites, external platforms and other innovations. Sidus
offerings include a broad area of market sub-segments, such as: 

Mission
 Critical Hardware Manufacturing 

Multi-Disciplinary
 Engineering Services 

Satellite
 Design, Production, Launch Planning, Mission Operations, and In-Orbit Support 

On-Orbit
 Testing of Space Ecosystem Technologies and Hardware 

Data
 and Analytics Derived from Satellite Missions 

Each
of these areas and initiatives addresses a critical component of our cradle-to-grave solution and value proposition for the space economy
as a Space-as-a-Service company. The majority of our revenues to date have been from our space related hardware manufacturing, however,
2022 revenue includes revenue related to our multi-mission constellation and our hybrid 3D printed LizzieSat satellite. 

We
support a broad range of international and domestic government and commercial companies with its hardware manufacturing including the
Department of State, the Department of Defense, NASA, Collins Aerospace, Lockheed Martin, Teledyne Marine, Bechtel, and L3Harris in areas
that include launch vehicles, satellite hardware, and autonomous underwater vehicles. Planned services that benefit not only current
customers but additional such as Mission Helios include providing the ability for customers to demonstrate that a technology (hardware
or software) performs successfully in the harsh environment of space and delivering space-based data that can provide critical insight
for agriculture, commodities tracking, disaster assessment, illegal trafficking monitoring, energy, mining, oil and gas, fire monitoring,
classification of vegetation, soil moisture, carbon mass, Maritime AIS, Aviation ADS, weather monitoring, and space services. We plan
to own and operate one of the industry s leading U.S. based low earth orbit LEO small satellite smallsat 
or smallsats constellations. Our operating strategy is to continue to enhance the capabilities of our satellite constellation,
to increase our international and domestic partnerships and to expand our analytics offerings in order to increase the value we deliver
to our customers. Our two operating assets our satellite constellation and hardware manufacturing capability are mutually
reinforcing and are a result of years of heritage and innovation. 

Our
strategy is to capitalize on the rapid growth and deployment of millions of low-cost GPS enabled terrestrial, IoT, and space-based sensors
to provide data to global customers in near real-time. As we are now entering a new commercial space age, the number of commercial sensors
on orbit has expanded from a handful of large expensive commercial satellites just a few years ago to now hundreds and in the near future
thousands of sensors that will ultimately change the way we see and understand our world. Our mission is to enable our existing and future
customers to prove out new technologies for the space ecosystem rapidly and at low cost and also have access to space-based data on-demand
for any problem set or business need. We believe we can deliver this at a lower cost than legacy providers due to our vertically integrated
cost-efficiencies, capital efficient constellation design, and improved pricing models with improved data accessibility. We believe the
combination of the proven flight heritage and years of industry experience of a traditional space company with the disruptive innovation
of a new space startup such as our 3D printing of spacecraft and focus on intellectual property makes us very well positioned in the
global space economy. 

6 

Key
Factors Affecting Our Results and Prospects 

We
believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities but also pose risks
and challenges, including competition from better known and well-capitalized companies, the risk of actual or perceived safety issues
and their consequences for our reputation and the other factors discussed under Risk Factors. We believe the factors discussed
below are key to our success. 

Growing
our experienced space hardware operations 

We
are on track to grow our space and defense hardware operations, with a goal of expanding to two and a half shifts with an increased customer
base in the future. With current customers in space, marine, and defense industries, our contract revenue is growing, and we are in active
discussions with numerous potential customers, including government agencies, large defense contractors and private companies, to add
to our contracted revenue. In the past decade, we have fabricated ground and flight products for the NASA SLS Rocket and Mobile Launcher
as well as other commercial space and satellite companies. Customers supported include Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Dynetics/Leidos,
Blue Origin, United Launch Alliance, Collins Aerospace, L3Harris, OneWeb and Space Systems Loral/Maxar. Various products have been manufactured
including fluid, hydraulic and pneumatic systems, electrical control systems, cable harnesses, hardware lifting frames, umbilical plates,
purge and hazardous gas disconnects, frangible bolts, reef cutters, wave guides, customized platforms, and other precision machined and
electrical component parts for all types of Rockets, Ground, Flight and Satellite systems. In June 2022, the NASA xEVAS, 12 year, 3.5
Billion multiple award contract was awarded to Collins Aerospace and Axiom Space. We are a member of the Collins Aerospace team and expect
to support this contract upon execution of task orders issued by NASA and contracts with independent commercial entities. The Exploration
Extravehicular Activity Services, or xEVAS Program is expected to include the design, development, production, hardware processing, and
sustainment of an integrated Extravehicular Activity (EVA) capability that includes a new Spacesuit and ancillary hardware, such as Vehicle
Interface Equipment and EVA tools. This EVA capability is to be provided as a service for the NASA International Space Station (ISS),
Artemis Program (Gateway and Human Landing System), and Commercial Space missions. 

Commencing
and Expanding Commercial Satellite Operations 

Our
goal is to help customers understand how space-based data can be impactful to day-to-day business. Our strategy includes increasing the
demand downstream by starting out as end user focused. While others are focused on data verticalization strategy specializing on a key
sectors or problem set, we believe that flexibility in production, low-cost bespoke design and Bringing Space Down to Earth 
for consumers will provide a scalable model for growth. Critical Design Review (CDR) was successfully completed in the third fiscal quarter
of 2022. Initial contracts for launch were signed in December of 2021 with NASA and Mission Helios, a blockchain company. We are in active
discussions with numerous potential customers, including domestic and international government agencies, for payload hosting and data
related to our planned satellite launches over the next 24 months. 

We
filed for X-band and S-band radio frequencies licensing in February 2021 and were granted approval through a published filing by the
ITU on April 4, 2021. Such licenses are held through Aurea Alas, Ltd., an Isle of Man company, which is a variable interest entity VIE )to
us. Our filing contains approved spectrum use for multiple X-Band and S-Band frequencies and five different orbital planes. Additionally,
we filed and received approval for a NOAA license related to our initial launch. Any delays in commencing our commercial launch operations,
including due to delays or cost overruns in obtaining NOAA licenses or other regulatory approvals for future operations or frequency
requirements, could adversely impact our results and growth plans. 

Our
Vertically Integrated Space Platform 

We
are designing, developing, manufacturing, and plan to operate a constellation of proprietary smallsats. These satellites are designed
to for multiple missions and customers and form the foundation of our satellite platform. Weighing approximately 100 kilograms each,
these hybrid 3D printed, modular satellites are more functional than cubesats and nanosatellites and less expensive to manufacture than
the larger satellites in the 200-600kg range. Launched into a LEO and operating in diverse orbits (28 -98 inclination, 300-650km
altitude) as approved by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) in February 2021, our constellation will be optimally distributed
to provide maximum coverage for our customers in the government and commercial sectors. With six initial globally distributed ground
stations, our constellation is designed for rapid tasking, collection, and delivery of high-revisit, high-resolution imagery and data
analytics. Our planned average daily revisit rate, from dawn to dusk, is 10 times a day or approximately 90 minutes. As our satellite
constellation grows, the amount of data we collect will scale, and we expect our revisit rate will improve. 

7 

Our
cost efficient smallsats are designed from the ground-up to optimize performance per unit cost. We can integrate technologies and deliver
data on demand at lower costs than legacy providers due to our vertical integration, use of COTS proven systems, cost-efficiencies, capital
efficient constellation design, and adaptable pricing models. 

We
are manufacturing our satellites at our Cape Canaveral facility. Our current configuration and facility is designed to manufacture 5-10
satellites a month. Our vertical integration enables us to control our satellites through the entire design, manufacturing, and operation
process. Our years of experience manufacturing space hardware means that we are able to leverage our manufacturing expertise and commercial
best practices for satellite production. Additionally, leveraging both in-house and partner-provided subsystem components and in-house
design and integration services, as well as operational support of satellites on orbit, to provide turn-key delivery of entire constellations
offer concept to constellation in months instead of years. Specifically, our Space-as-a-Service offerings encompass all
aspects of hosted satellite and constellation services, including hosting customer payloads onto our satellites, and delivering services
to customers from our space platform. These services are expected to allow customers to focus on developing innovative payloads rather
than having to design or develop complete satellite buses or satellites or constellations, which we will provide, along with ancillary
services that are likely to include telemetry, tracking and control TT C ), communications, processing, as well as
software development and maintenance. Our patented technologies include a print head for regolith-polymer mixture and associated feedstock;
a heat transfer system for regolith; a method for establishing a wastewater bioreactor environment; vertical takeoff and landing pad
and interlocking pavers to construct same; and high-load vacuum chamber motion feedthrough systems and methods. Regolith is a blanket
of unconsolidated, loose, heterogeneous superficial deposits covering solid rock. It includes dust, broken rocks, and other related materials
and is present on Earth, the Moon, Mars, some asteroids, and other terrestrial planets and moons. We continue to patent our products
including our satellites, external platforms and other innovations. 

Revenue
Generation 

We
generate revenue by selling payload space on our satellite platform, providing engineering and systems integration services to strategic
customers on project-by-project basis, and manufacturing space hardware. This support is typically contracted to both commercial and
government customers under fixed price contracts and often includes other services. Additionally, we intend to add to our revenue by
selling geospatial data captured through our constellation. Our data monetization strategy includes selling data directly to other companies
and consumers, selling data to data aggregation firms, listing our data on a data marketplace and leveraging a white label data commerce
platform. 

Lowering
Manufacturing Cost and Schedule 

We
are developing a manufacturing model that provides for rapid response to customer requirements including integration of customers technologies
and space-based data delivery. Our planned satellites are being designed to integrate Customer Off the Shelf (COTS) subsystems that are
space-proven, can be rapidly integrated into the satellite and replaced rapidly when customer needs changed or evolve. Our vertically
integrated manufacturing processes give us the flexibility to make changes during the production cycle without impacting launch or costs. 

Our
satellite production process is based around normally readily available materials and COTS systems and is highly scalable. We believe
that our ongoing innovations in design and manufacturing will further reduce our per satellite costs. We invested approximately 16 million
in our business and manufacturing facility through December 31, 2022, and we expect the facility will be at full capacity by the end
of 2024. We anticipate that this will enable us to increase the pace of satellite manufacturing and launch cadence. While we believe
that our estimate is reliable, the development of our manufacturing facility may take longer than planned, including due to delays in
obtaining federal and state regulatory approvals of our final construction plans or any changes that are required to be made to those
plans. Any delays in our achieving full manufacturing capacity could adversely impact our results and growth plans. 

8 

Environmental,
social, and corporate governance 

We
are developing an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) policy that will implement the tracking of several indicators we believe
are critical to ensure we are doing our part to continue sustainable growth and maximize shareholder value. We have been in business
for ten years manufacturing space hardware and components, and in that time, implementation of policies and processes to mitigate environmental
impact have been of upmost importance. Furthermore, since our inception, we have recognized the value of our employees and have always
endeavored to prioritize employee well-being. We also understand that our efforts to promote value and well-being are not limited to
our employees. We are committed to the communities we belong to and have endeavored to provide tangible benefits back to the community
that supports us. 

Environmental 

As
the global awareness and importance of environmental sustainability increases, we recognize our duty to implement developments that not
only facilitate the evolution of aerospace solutions, but also promote environmentally conscious protocols yielding measurable results
toward the conservation of our planet. A key component of our focus on sustainability is found in our utilization of in-house 3D printing
technology as a primary manufacturing asset. The development of 3D printing is host to a variety of manufacturing improvements but perhaps
one of the chief benefits is the reduced environmental Impact of our manufacturing. Our LizzieSat constellation will contribute to this
reduced impact as a portion of the satellite bus is 3D printed. 

Manufacturing
parts with a 3D printer reduces overall energy consumption and waste, reducing our carbon footprint compared to its predecessor of conventional
machining. Additional benefits include the removal of waste and unnecessary energy associated with conventional machining, often resulting
in the production of more scrapped material per part than the material that part is composed of. While these are among the biggest impacts,
the effects to can be seen in smaller scales. Due to the massive reduction in weight 3D printing provides, energy spent using cargo ships
and commercial vehicles for transportation sees a significant decrease. This reduction in weight is accompanied by a reduction in space
requirements for housing the material, cutting out the need for large storage spaces and the energy needed to maintain those facilities. 

Looking
toward the future, the potential for exciting developments in the field of sustainability are of upmost importance. These developments
include the planned use of more biodegradable and/or recycled materials that can be used to manufacture parts and further benefit the
environment. Until these developments occur, we are doing our part through the practice of recycling of metal and any used oil and coolant.
As technologies continue to advance, we remain dedicated to preserving the Earth and continuing to evolve with newer technologies as
they develop. 

Social 

We
recognize the importance of our employees, the community with which we are situated as well as the global community. This recognition
has led us to implement a variety of actions that support society from the individual to global scale. 

Employee
well-being is at the heart of our commitment to provide a positive impact on all. We understand the importance of diversity in the workplace
because we were built on diversity. Being a service-disabled, veteran-owned, woman-owned, and Hispanic minority-owned business reflects
the open and diverse environment we provide to all who are a part of it. 

Community
on all scales is fundamental to our success, and because of that, we are committed to leaving a lasting impact on the community that
supports us. This commitment brought forth Sidus Serves, our way of actively improving life on earth. Community involvement is key to
our culture, and we believe in the power of volunteerism. We actively invest in the communities of our employees and are passionate about
the improvement of their communities through individual efforts and partnership with local, regional, and national organizations. We
also believe it is important to bridge the gap in the aerospace field by supporting young professionals through establishing partnerships
with several organizations dedicated to providing STEM learning opportunities to a diverse array of students. 

9 

Governance 

Our
governance structure is designed to promote transparency, efficiency, and ethics. Through a qualified and diverse chain of command, we
are confident that our decision making will carry out performance at the highest degree. Our Board of Directors consists of professionals
with strong executive experience, business strategy and leadership skills. Our board consists of 3 independent directors alongside our
CEO and CTO including 2 women. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

We
are focused on empowering end users, developers, channel partners and the organizations they serve to quickly and easily access and integrate
real-time geospatial intelligence into their daily operations and also prove out technologies to further grow the space ecosystem. Our
growth strategy is driven by the following objectives: 

Increase
our overall customer base. We are an established heritage aerospace firm that is a part of the political and secular shift towards
space-based data coming from commercial satellite and intelligence providers. We have the opportunity to expand our current customer
base through a combination of direct and indirect sales strategies. We also plan to grow our direct sales teams and indirect sales channels. 

Expand
within our current customer base . As our space-as-a-service offerings grows and delivers results, we expect that our current customers
will increase their spending on our services. 

Continue
to penetrate international markets . We have increased our focus on international markets. We have a current pipeline of prospective
small underrepresented international governments and firms that can benefit from our support and services. 

Grow
distribution channels and channel partner ecosystem . We plan to invest in distribution channels and in our relationships with technology
partners, solution providers, strategic global system integrators, solution partners, and value-added-resellers to help us enter into
and expand in new markets while complementing our direct sales efforts. We have also established a Joint Cooperation and Marketing Agreement
with Dhruva, India s first private space company, to co-market, and sell our services in other countries. 

Global
Space Economy Overview 

In
recent years, the importance of the space economy has been growing as technological advances in both satellites and supporting terrestrial
technologies have enabled new commercial use cases. These use cases include satellite broadband, remote imaging, Internet-of-Things IOT )/Machine-to-Machine M2M communications, defense-related applications, as well as others. As a result, several new and existing operators
have announced new satellite constellations to serve these use cases. Many of these announced constellations will consist of small LEO
satellites rather than large GEO satellites. According to a October 2019 SpaceNews report, SpaceX alone has filed for up to 30,000, and
Amazon and OneWeb have also announced plans to launch a significant number of satellites. 

According
to Morgan Stanley research, as reported in February 2021, the 350 billion global space industry could surge to over 1 trillion by 2040.
In addition, Euroconsult expects that over the next decade, the total manufacturing and launch market value for small satellites is expected
to reach 54.2 billion, more than three times the market value over 2011-2020. Although this indicates significant growth, it does not
reflect the four-fold increase in the number of satellites resulting from the rise of cubesats, constellations and the introduction of
low-cost systems for both manufacturing and launch, which will reduce average costs and market value. 4 

Rapid
growth in private investment in the commercial space industry has led to a wave of new companies reinventing major elements of the traditional
space industry, including human spaceflight, satellites, and launch, in addition to unlocking entirely new market segments. Furthermore,
government agencies have realized the value of the private commercial space industry and have become increasingly more supportive and
reliant on private companies to catalyze innovation and advance national space objectives. In the United States, this has been evidenced
by notable policy initiatives and by commercial contractors growing share of space activity. 

10 

Launch
Market 

We
are witnessing a shift in the launch requirements of satellite operators, as the launch industry adjusts to the increasing volume of
launches and the shift from larger satellites to smallsats. According to a study, conducted and published by the NASA Ames Research Center
in 2016, in recent years, the satellite market has been undergoing a major evolution with new space companies replacing the traditional
approach of deploying a few large, complex and costly satellites with a multitude of smaller, less complex and cheaper satellites. This
new approach has created a sharp increase in the number of launched satellites and so the historic trends are no longer representative. 

The
launch industry s initial response was the introduction of ridesharing, allowing multiple operators to share the cost of a large
launch vehicle. This combined with the emergence of new launch vehicles reduced launch costs and increased access to space for small
satellite operators. However, operators must wait until a particular rideshare is full for their launch. In addition, all small satellites
on a single rideshare are delivered to a single orbital destination. From there, small satellites must either complete a time-consuming
orbit raise to their desired orbit, requiring a significant on-board propulsion system or an in-space shuttle. While in-space shuttling
reduces the need for satellite propulsion capability, shuttles add significant expense and take weeks or months to reach the desired
orbit. 

Small
Satellite Market 

Another
paradigm shift in the commercial space market is the rise of the small satellite market. Starting several years ago in 2018, the space
industry began a dramatic transformation. Demand for large geosynchronous communications satellites dramatically declined as companies
prepared to launch constellations of hundreds or thousands of smaller, less expensive broadband satellites in low and medium Earth orbits.
Euroconsult anticipates that about 13,910 satellites 

Moreover,
the rise of this market has also created a new market segment in nanosatellites and microsatellites, weighing less than 10 kg and between
10 and 100 kg, respectively. While these satellites can be deployed individually, they can also be operated as part of a constellation,
a large group of satellites interconnected to provide a service, such as the Starlink satellite constellation s offering of global
internet connectivity. According to Euroconsult s April 2021 small satellite market report, the next decade will be defined primarily
by the rollout of multiple constellations, which will account for 84 of smallsats, mainly for commercial operators. 

The
number of small satellites launched has increased from 39 in 2011 to 1,202 in 2020. In just the period between 2019 to 2020 there has
been over 300 growth going from 289 to 1202. According to a report published in 2021 by Bryce Space Technology, 40 of all smallsats
launched in last 10 years were launched in 2020. 

The
growth in the satellite constellations market is being driven by technological advances in ground equipment, new business models, expanded
funding, and growing demand for high bandwidth and lower latency. Though this satellite constellations market remains nascent in maturity,
we anticipate considerable growth over the coming years in the launch industry as companies continue to seek versatile and low-cost ways
to deliver single satellites to specific orbits or deploy their satellite constellations. Furthermore, we anticipate the growth of the
satellite constellations market to contribute business to our Satellite Services offerings. LEO satellite constellations have relatively
short lifespans on orbit, resulting in a requirement to launch replenishment satellites every few years. 

According
to Prospects for the Small Satellite Market A Euroconsult Report 7th Edition April 2021, smallsats are often viewed by entrepreneurs
as enablers of disruptive business models because of the growing data needs of the digital economy. Rapid, constant improvement of smallsats
from one generation to the next means new capabilities and possibilities may constantly be developed. Further, investment in the space
industry is still accelerating from 2020 and beyond. Vertically-integrated players attract the most funding. In the growing smallsat
industry, with lower entry barriers and shorter timeframes, tangible investment opportunities in manufacturing are available. Just between
2018 and 2020, start-ups involved in smallsat integration raised 1.4B (SpaceX excluded) while pure smallsat subsystems manufacturers,
 0.2B. Among integrators, by far the most successful recipients of funding are vertically-integrated players who produce and operate
their own constellation while directly providing service to the end user. Vertical integration becomes especially relevant when there
is a recurring production need (e.g. limited lifetimes, need for cyclical replacements) and when economies of scale are possible. It
can also be driven by the need to secure its supply chain and keeping key differentiators in house, or when no compatible supply is available. 

11 

Our
Products and Services 

Space
Services 

We
provide the following services to our customers: 

Satellite/Space
Hardware Manufacturing 

For
over a decade, we have manufactured space-rated and human-rated hardware and components. During this time, we have provided components
and systems for the International Space Station, the Boeing Starliner, NASA s SLS, Lockheed Martin s Orion, and several other
programs and customers. 

At
a combined 35,000 square-feet, our manufacturing facilities are all encompassing allowing us to vertically integrate and pipeline the
manufacturing process without the need for outsourcing of precision machining, electronics assembly and testing, or 3D printing. 

LEO
Launch and Deployment Services 

We
strive to become a trusted platform for providing an affordable approach for launch, payload hosting, and deployment services in space.
Our planned diverse range of launch, in-orbit, and deployment platforms is planned to be tailored to complement any mission. 

Space-Based
Geospatial Intel, Imagery and Data Analytics 

We
anticipate delivering reliable high-impact analytics and insights to international and domestic customers by combining our platform with
multiple imaging solutions to increase the efficacy and emergence of data. We intend to collect, analyze, enrich, and deliver data gathered
from our custom constellation to provide intelligent analytics to its customers. Our comprehensive data collection is expected to create
a repository of insights for aviation, maritime, weather, space services, earth intelligence and observation, and federal industries
from the ultimate vantage point space. 

Space
Platforms 

We
anticipate offering a variety of affordable space platforms which allow our clients to conduct full missions and/or test new technologies
in space at a reduced schedule and cost. Our platforms include: 

External
Flight Test Platform (EFTP) 

Our
External Flight Test Platform offers multiple industries to develop, test, and fly experiments, hardware, materials, and advanced electronics
on the ISS at a reduced cost and schedule. Potential payloads include optical communications, materials, satellite components, electroplating,
and pharmaceutical testing. The EFTP includes integration and delivery to the ISS and has a typical deployment period of 15 weeks. All
payloads can be returned after the mission if requested by the payload provider. Our EFTP is characterized by: 

Highly
 reconfigurable platform 

Available
 space: 1100 in 3 (payloads are NOT required to conform to CubeSat form factors) 

Power:
 28V connectors (up to 2 available) 

Flight
 computer available to support a wide array of sensor data 

Additive
 and traditional manufacturing available to support payload development 

Two
 left-hand circular polarized (LHCP) spiral antennae available with a frequency band of 2 to 18 GHz (nadir and zenith facing) 

GPS
 patch antenna option 

12 

LizzieSat TM
 (LS) 

LizzieSat
(LS) is currently in development as a hybrid 3D manufactured Low Earth Orbit (LEO) microsatellite that focuses on rapid, cost-effective
development and testing of innovative spacecraft technologies for multiple customers. LS is planned to combine static component testing
and LEO spacecraft development and deployment to provide complete life cycle services to commercial and government customers for Internal
Research Development (IR D), data analytics and/or proof of concept. We anticipate that LS will leverage our in-house low-cost
additive manufacturing of satellites using the Markforged X7, an industrial 3D printer featuring a dual nozzle print system that supports
continuous carbon fiber and Kevlar reinforcement, to provide rapid, agile development of spacecraft due to its modular design. 

Controlling
the satellite production process from design through manufacturing enables us to upgrade our satellites during production and also integrate
customer technologies at varying points during the build process. This allows us to continuously improve our satellites capabilities
as well as build out and maintain our constellation at a relatively low cost. 

SSIKLOPS
(Space Station Integrated Kinetic Launcher for Orbital Payload Systems) 

We
provide turnkey services to manage and execute the successful integration and on-orbit operations of satellite payloads using the International
Space Station Integrated Kinetic Launcher for Orbital Payload Systems (SSIKLOPS). SSIKLOPS fills the payload deployment gap between small
CubeSat launchers and major payloads by supporting the Low Earth Orbit (LEO) microsatellite market (up to 116kg). The SSIKLOPS is a mechanism
used to robotically deploy satellites from the ISS and is designed to provide a method to transfer internally stowed satellites to the
external environment. 

On
November 5, 2018 we were awarded a 5-year indefinite delivery indefinite quantity contract by NASA to provide services to manage and
perform the work for the successful integration and on-orbit operations of the platform for U.S. government customers with the option
to utilize the platform for commercial efforts as well. Pursuant to the agreement, we are responsible for marketing and operating the
SSIKLOPS as well as sustaining the SSIKLOPS and associated hardware. 

Our
offerings include operation, engineering, and manufacturing to provide full life-cycle payload support. SSIKLOPS utilizes NASA s
ISS resupply vehicles to launch small satellites to the ISS in a controlled pressurized environment in soft stow bags. The satellites
are processed through the ISS pressurized environment by the astronaut crew allowing satellite system diagnostics prior to orbit insertion.
Orbit insertion is achieved through use of the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency s Experiment Module Robotic Airlock (JEM Airlock),
and one of the ISS Robotic Arms. Sidus and SSIKLOPS provide small satellites the infrastructure to be deployed from the ISS into LEO
with minimal technical, environmental, logistical, and cost challenges. 

Phoenix
Deployer 

Phoenix
is currently in development as a CubeSat deployer utilizing the SSIKLOPS deployment platform to deploy CubeSats from the ISS. Phoenix
offers a low-cost and high availability deployer option for CubeSats within the 3U to 12U range. U refers to the standard Cubesat 
dimensions (Units or U of 10 cm x 10 cm x 10 cm which are used to describe space on spacecraft). We anticipate that Phoenix
will offer: 

3U
 CubeSats (Up to 12) 

6U
 CubeSats (Up to 6) 

12U
 CubeSats (Up to 3) 

13 

Aerospace
and Defense Manufacturing Services 

Our
manufacturing capabilities combine our design engineering, precision machining, waterjet cutting, and wire harness fabrication experience
to provide the highest quality and performance for mission critical systems. 

Precision
Machining and Assembly 

Our
growing team of engineers and technicians, combined with state-of-the-art equipment support precision machining, fabrication, and assembly
for prototypes, test articles, one-offs, low-rate initial production up through high volume Swiss screw machining production. We utilize
the latest CNC machining and turning processes to deliver high-quality, complex and on-demand parts for specialized industries including
the space sector. 

CNC
 Swiss Screw Machining 

CMM,
 VCMM Quality Inspection 

EDM
 Wire and Waterjet Cutting 

3-D
 Printing 

Welding 

3D
Printing 

From
early-stage product development to functional finished parts, Sidus offers commercial and industrial-grade additive manufacturing solutions.
Our 3D printers enable us to provide rapid manufacturing with industrial micron-level laser scanning accuracy and 50 m repeatability.
Using Continuous Fiber Fabrication technology, we can produce parts at an enhanced schedule that are stronger than 6061 Aluminum and
40 lighter. Sidus provides internal engineering support to optimize the functional performance, product life cycle, and accuracy of
its customers specific 3D printed technology to ensure repeatability and consistency across prints. Our 3D printing capabilities
include: 

Functional
 Prototypes and Models 

Production
 Parts 

End-life
 Production 

Tool
 Development 

Patterns
 and Molds 

Jigs
 and Fixtures 

Fly-Away
 Parts 

Mechanical/Electrical
Assembly and Test 

Flight/Ground
 Cable and Wire Harnesses 

Ground
 Support Equipment 

Manned
 Spaceflight Rated Hardware 

Satellite
 Components 

Part
 Task Trainer Hardware 

As
part of our 35,000 square foot manufacturing facility, we have a reconfigurable electronics and cable harness fabrication lab with the
necessary equipment, staff and square footage to produce space flight and ground cables and electronic chassis. Our experience and capabilities
include manufacturing, assembly and testing of a wide selection of electrical control cabinet and electronic cabinet modification and
fabrication processes. We have extensive experience assembling electronics, including soldering, crimping, multi-pinned connector terminations,
fusion splicing, molding, potting, and testing. 

Certifications
include NASA 8739.4, NASA 8739.5, J STD 001 and IPC A 610. Our IPC-J-STD-001 accredited technicians adhere to NASA work standards KSC-E-165,
KSC-GP-864, KSC-STD-132, all required for NASA 8739.4 credentials with other industry-standard certifications. 

14 

Design
Engineering 

We
provide quality in-house design engineering services from up-front analysis to integration, assembly, and test. Our ISO 9001:2015 / AS9100D
certified engineering capabilities include the ability to perform initial design concepts or value-add engineering change recommendations
to existing engineering. Our multidisciplinary engineering experience and talent cover a broad spectrum of capabilities, enabling an
even more comprehensive range of projects. Our design engineering capabilities include: 

Requirements
 Definition Product development and process optimization 

Verification/Validation
 (multiple checks and balance) Meets specification and intended purpose 

Model
 Based Systems Engineering Use of visual modeling vs document-based information exchange 

3D
 CAD 2D Engineering Release Managing, planning, scheduling, and controlling 

Test
 Procedures and Performance Meets customer driven requirements 

Operations/Maintenance
 Manuals Fully integrated and procedurally driven 

System
 Integration Horizontal sub-system integration approach to projects and programs 

Design
 for Life Cycle Cost Manufacturing Incorporation of innovative design manufacturing 

Model
 Based Data Control Complex design verification/validation 

Finite
 Element and Failure Mode Effects Analysis 

Design
 for Manufacturability 

Program
Management 

We
provide Program and Project Management to help improve project performance and provide oversight of complex projects and contracts through
day-to-day support and expert knowledge. With a business culture that always puts the customer first, we provide dedicated project management
services throughout the lifecycle of our customer s project or program to ensure the project goes according to schedule. Program
management services include: 

Supply
 chain management 

Customer
 requirement compliance 

Logistics
 and configuration management 

Resource
 and budget control 

Schedule 

Customer
/ Market Research 

The
need to provide commercial testing capabilities in space has been growing for many years and has become a requirement for many innovating
companies. According to Euroconsult s Prospectus for the Small Satellite Market, 8th Edition released in July of 2022, Euroconsult
reported 1,738 small satellites were launched in 2021 which is 1.5x more than 2020 (1,195 small satellites launched in 2020). The small
satellite industry is gearing up for significant expansion in terms of capabilities and demand. According to Euroconsult s report,
the number of satellites to be launched from 2022 to 2031 is estimated to be 18,500. As the small satellite market grows, the requirement
for rapid flight proven testing is becoming more crucial. Although ground-based testing is available, it does not provide a mirrored
testing environment for spacecraft and subcomponent testing. We intend to address this need with our Sidus Constellation. Furthermore,
customization of the Sidus Constellation with appropriate technology can provide subscription data and imagery services for customers
whose needs prompt consideration for a separate constellation. Currently, our core market corresponds most directly with satellite manufacturing
and offering LEO space-as-a-service solutions. However, we believe our addressable market can also continue to expand in similar and
adjacent industries such as government and defense manufacturing. We have generated space-related manufacturing revenue since 2012, and
we have been generating revenue from our commercial constellation space offering since the first quarter of 2022 as we continue to finalize
customers for LizzieSat-1 (LS-1) and subsequent missions. We signed a multi-launch agreement with SpaceX for five LizzieSat rideshare
missions beginning in 2023. These five satellite missions support previously announced customers as well as potential future customers
as we continue to layer new missions into our pipeline. 

15 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
market our services to both government and commercial customers. Initially we are leveraging our existing relationships to help promote
our expanded service offerings. We believe our executive management team has extensive reach in the space and satellite industry. 

Our
marketing efforts focus on communicating the benefits of our solutions and educating our customers, the media and analysts about the
advantages of our innovative technology. We strive to raise the awareness of our company, market our products and generate sales leads
through industry events, public relations efforts, marketing materials, social media and our website. Attendance at key industry events
is an important component of our marketing efforts. Our CEO, Carol Craig, has been invited to speak and participate in panel discussions
at industry events and will continue to take advantage of these opportunities to spread awareness of our services. We believe a combination
of these efforts strengthens our brand and may enhance our market position in our industry. 

Competition 

The
small satellite services industry at-large is highly competitive but has significant barriers to entry, including the cost and difficulty
associated with successfully developing, building, and launching a satellite constellation and obtaining various governmental and regulatory
approvals. In addition to cost, there is a significant amount of lead time associated with obtaining the required licenses, building,
and launching the satellite constellation, and developing and deploying the ground station technology. We currently face substantial
general competition from other service providers that offer a range of space-based data collection options. There are also several competitors
working to develop innovative solutions to compete in this industry. 

Our
Competitive Differentiation 

We
believe that we are well-positioned to compete with legacy space-based data providers and other emergent providers due to our vertical
integration strategy that combines rapid production with flexible technology insertion points. This approach enables us to address three
primary barriers that have limited the legacy industry in achieving a broader market adoption and penetration including: easy access
to data and information, access to low-cost data, and customized, bespoke response to customer needs. Key elements of our competitive
differentiation include the following: 

Low-cost
sensor data capture . Our smallsat constellation is leveraging the disruptive economics of small satellites to enable us to capture
data in a more cost-effective manner than legacy satellite providers. We can deliver our proprietary geospatial imagery on demand at
a lower cost than legacy providers due to our cost-efficiencies, capital efficient constellation design, and adaptable, disruptive pricing
models, among other things, which enables us to expand our customer base to commercial organizations that have previously been priced
out of the geospatial intelligence market. 

On-demand
delivery of low-cost geospatial analytics through subscription contracts to commercial customers . Geospatial intelligence and analytics
have generally been prohibitively expensive for many commercial customers, with price points geared towards government end users. Our
constellation is designed to provide our services to commercial customers at a low cost, which we expect will expand our base of potential
customers. Our data monetization strategy includes selling data directly to other companies and consumers, selling data to data aggregation
firms, listing our data on a data marketplace and leveraging a white label data commerce platform. 

Proprietary,
low-cost smallsat assembly . We design satellites and manufacture our satellites in-house. Controlling the satellite production process
from design through manufacturing enables us to upgrade our satellites during production, integrate customer technologies and data needs
at various points during the entire production cycle and continuously improve our satellites capabilities, as well as build out
and maintain our optimal constellation size at a relatively low cost. Our low-cost satellites benefit from longer life and decreasing
launch and on-orbit costs and our planned multi-mission constellation with vertical integration equals efficient use of capital expenses. 

16 

Our
Intellectual Property 

We
continually invest in innovative solutions and as of December 31, 2022 have 6 space related patents approved or pending, which ownership
was transferred to us by our majority shareholder, Craig Technologies, at no charge. Our patented technologies include a print head for
regolith-polymer mixture and associated feedstock for which a notice of allowance was received by us in October 2021; a heat transfer
system for regolith which patent expires in June 2039; a method for establishing a wastewater bioreactor environment which patent expires
in July 2039; vertical takeoff and landing pad and interlocking pavers to construct same which patent expires in April 2039; and high-load
vacuum chamber motion feedthrough systems and methods which patent expires in May 2039. 

We
seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our technology and products through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets and contractual rights. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information through nondisclosure policies,
the use of appropriate confidentiality agreements and other security measures. We have registered a number of patents and trademarks
in the United States and in other countries and have a number of patent filings pending determination. There can be no assurance, however,
that these rights can be successfully enforced against competitive products in any particular jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection
afforded by our patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and contracts has value, the rapidly changing technology in the satellite
and wireless communications industries and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent primarily on the innovative
skills, technological expertise and management abilities of our employees rather than on the protections afforded by patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws and contractual rights. 

Certain
of our products include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. While it may be necessary in the future
to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, we believe, based upon past experience and standard industry practice,
that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that the necessary
licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
industry in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, a large number of patents, and frequent claims and related
litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that our patents and other proprietary rights
will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, that others will not assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are
relevant, or that our rights will give us a competitive advantage. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our
proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 

The
commercial space industry is driven by rapidly changing technologies and innovation, and our success will require significant expenditure
in Research and Development to develop new technologies, services, products, and offerings. Thus far, we have not established a Research
and Development department, nor have we incurred research and development expenses. We do not currently perform formal R D and instead
we engineer our solutions with additional enhancements and innovations as part of our normal design and engineering efforts. We intend
on setting up a formal Research and Development team in the future so we can more easily streamline our new products and get to market
faster. If we fail to raise adequate funds to develop a robust Research and Development department and strategy, we will likely be unable
to execute on our business plan. 

Regulatory 

Our
business is subject to extensive rules, regulations, statutes, orders and policies imposed by the government in the United States and
in foreign jurisdictions. 

International
Telecommunications Union (ITU) 

We
are required to comply with the laws and regulations of, and often obtain approvals from, national and local authorities in connection
with our services. As we expand service to additional countries and regions, we will become subject to additional governmental approvals
and regulations. We will provide a number of services that rely on the use of radio-frequency spectrum, and the provision of such services
is highly regulated. Satellites are to be operated in a manner consistent with the regulations and procedures of the International Telecommunication
Union ITU ), a specialized agency of the United Nations, which require the coordination of the operation of satellite systems
in certain circumstances, and more generally are intended to avoid the occurrence of harmful interference among different users of the
radio spectrum. 

17 

We
have received approval of International Telecommunications Union (ITU) spectrum licensing for both X-Band and S-Band frequencies. We
filed for X-Band and S-Band Radio Frequencies licensing in February 2021 and were granted approval through a published filing by the
International Telecommunications Union (ITU) on April 4, 2021. The ITU is the specialized agency responsible for principles and licensing
of the use of orbit and spectrum. Before a satellite can use the spectrum and orbital resources it needs to fulfil its mission, it requires
an associated satellite filing . The filing is a tool to obtain international recognition of these resources. 

International
Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR and Export Controls 

Our
business is subject to, and we must comply with, stringent U.S. import and export control laws, including the ITAR and Export Administration
Regulations EAR of the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce. The ITAR generally restricts
the export of hardware, software, technical data, and services that have defense or strategic applications. The EAR similarly regulates
the export of hardware, software, and technology that has commercial or dual-use applications (i.e., for both military
and commercial applications) or that have less sensitive military or space-related applications that are not subject to the ITAR. The
regulations exist to advance the national security and foreign policy interests of the U.S. 

The
U.S. government agencies responsible for administering the ITAR and the EAR have significant discretion in the interpretation and enforcement
of these regulations. The agencies also have significant discretion in approving, denying, or conditioning authorizations to engage in
controlled activities. Such decisions are influenced by the U.S. government s commitments to multilateral export control regimes,
particularly the Missile Technology Control Regime concerning the spaceflight business. 

Many
different types of internal controls and measures are required to ensure compliance with such export control rules. In particular, we
are required to maintain registration under the ITAR; determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and classification of products, software,
and technology; and obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. government authorizations to engage in activities, including the performance
by foreign persons, related to and who support our spaceflight business. Under the ITAR, we must receive permission from the Directorate
of Defense Trade Controls to release controlled technology to foreign person employees and other foreign persons. 

Employees/Human
Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 64 full-time employees and 7 part-time employees. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements.
Our workforce is concentrated in the Florida Space Coast, however we are accustomed to working as a cohesive team with
remote workers which should be beneficial as we expand and add employees in different geographical areas nationwide and worldwide. Our
management team is comprised of our CEO and six (6) of her direct reports who, collectively, have management responsibility for our business.
Our management team places significant focus and attention on matters concerning our human capital assets, particularly our diversity,
capability development, and succession planning. Accordingly, we regularly review employee development and succession plans for each
of our functions to identify and develop our pipeline of talent. 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is www.sidusspace.com . The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and our website address is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings
with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish
such reports to, the SEC. The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s website is not
intended to be a part of this filing. 

18 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other
information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be
seriously harmed by any of the following risks. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. In such case, the value and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment. 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Operations and Business 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter. Risks and
challenges we have faced or expects to face include our ability to: 

forecast
 our revenue and budget for and manage our expenses; 

attract
 new customers and retain existing customers; 

effectively
 manage our growth and business operations, including planning for and managing capital expenditures for our current and future space
 and space-related systems and services, managing our supply chain and supplier relationships related to our current and future product
 and service offerings, and integrating acquisitions; 

anticipate
 and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which we operate; 

maintain
 and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; 

develop
 and protect intellectual property; and 

hire,
 integrate and retain talented people at all levels of our organization. 

If
we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those
described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions
about its future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if it had a longer operating history or operated in a more
developed market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by
growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties,
which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results
of operations could differ materially from its expectations and its business, financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

We
have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability. 

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception. We incurred net losses of 12,839,968 and 3,746,138 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While we have generated limited revenue to date, we have not yet achieved production level satellite
manufacturing, launch and data activities, and it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. As a result, our losses
may be larger than anticipated, and we may not achieve profitability when expected, or at all, and even if we do, we may not be able
to maintain or increase profitability. 

19 

We
expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we commence production level satellite manufacturing and satellite
launch activities, continue to refine and streamline our design and manufacturing processes, make technical improvements, increase our
launch cadence, hire additional employees and initiate research and development efforts relating to new products and technologies, including
our space services business. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our
business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from
achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow. Furthermore, if our future growth and operating performance fail to meet
investor or analyst expectations, or if we have future negative cash flow or losses resulting from our investment in acquiring customers
or expanding our operations, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, but adequate additional financing may not be available when we
need it, on acceptable terms or at all. 

In
the future, we could be required to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be
available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. For example, the global
COVID-19 health crisis and related financial impact has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption and volatility
of global financial markets that could adversely impact our ability to access capital. We may sell equity securities or debt securities
in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent
transactions, our current investors may be materially diluted. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and
could reduce our operational flexibility or profitability. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our
business or respond to competitive pressures. 

The
success of our business will be highly dependent on our ability to effectively market and sell our commercial satellite manufacturing,
launch, and data services for small LEO satellites. 

We
expect that our success will be highly dependent, especially in the foreseeable future, on our ability to effectively forecast, market
and sell our launch and data services for small LEO satellites. We have limited experience in forecasting, marketing and selling such
services, and if we are unable to utilize our current or future sales organization effectively in order to adequately target and engage
our potential customers, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner. We expect that we will need to make significant
investments in order to attract new customers. Our sales growth is dependent upon our ability to implement strategic initiatives, and
these initiatives may not be effective in generating sales growth. In addition, marketing campaigns, which we have not historically utilized,
can be expensive and may not result in the acquisition of customers in a cost-effective manner, if at all. Further, as our brand becomes
more widely known, future marketing campaigns or brand content may not attract new customers at the same rate as past campaigns or brand
content. If we are unable to attract new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be harmed. 

We
have not yet delivered our 3D printed satellites into orbit, and any setbacks we may experience during our first commercial satellite
launch and other demonstration and commercial missions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operation, and could harm our reputation. 

The
success of our launch and satellite services business will depend on our ability to successfully and regularly deliver customer satellites
into orbit. In November 2019, we successfully launched EFTP, our on-orbit external experimental facility hosted on the NanoRacks International
Space Station External Platform (NREP). Additionally, in January of 2020, a microsatellite was successfully launched from the ISS using
our SSIKLOPS platform for the STP program office. 

There
is no guarantee that our planned commercial launches or subsequent commercial launches thereafter will be successful. While we believe
that our launch partners have built operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture, performance and servicing of their
launch vehicles and rockets meet rigorous performance goals, there can be no assurance that our launch partners will not experience operational
or process failures and other problems during our first commercial launch or any planned launches thereafter. Any failures or setbacks,
particularly on our first commercial launches, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operation. 

20 

The
market for commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data services for small LEO satellites is not well established, is still emerging
and may not achieve the growth potential we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 

The
market for in-space infrastructure services, in particular commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data services for small LEO
satellites, has not been well established and is still emerging. Our estimates for the total addressable launch market and satellite
market are based on several internal and third-party estimates, including our contracted revenue, the number of potential customers who
have expressed interest in our satellite launch and data services, assumed prices and production costs for our services, assumed flight
cadence, our ability to leverage our current manufacturing and operational processes and general market conditions. While we believe
our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions
supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors.
As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our services, as well as the expected growth rate for the total
addressable market for our services, may prove to be incorrect. 

Our
ability to grow our business depends on the successful development of our satellites and related technology, which is subject to many
uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. 

Our
current objectives focus on the development of small satellites and integration capabilities and related technology. If we do not complete
this development in our anticipated timeframes or at all, our ability to grow our business will be adversely affected. The successful
development of our satellite capabilities and related technology involves many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including,
but not limited to: 

timing
 in making further enhancements to our product design and specifications; 

successful
 completion of our planned commercial satellite launches; 

our
 ability to obtain additional applicable approvals, licenses or certifications from regulatory agencies, if required, and maintaining
 current approvals, licenses or certifications; 

performance
 of our manufacturing facilities despite risks that disrupt productions, such as natural disasters and hazardous materials; 

performance
 of a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components; 

performance
 of our third-party contractors that support our future research and development activities; 

our
 ability to maintain rights from third parties for intellectual properties critical to our future research and development activities;

our
 ability to fund and maintain our future research and development activities, particularly the development of various enhancements
 that increase the data transfer capacity of our satellite; and 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us, our customers, suppliers and distributors, and the global economy. 

We
routinely conduct hazardous operations in testing of our satellite subsystems, which could result in damage to property or persons. Unsatisfactory
performance or failure of our satellites and related technology at launch or during operation could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

We
manufacture and operate highly sophisticated products for the commercial space, aerospace and defense industries and conduct activities
that depend on complex technology. Although there have been and will continue to be technological advances in spaceflight, our operations
remain an inherently hazardous and risky activity. Launch failures, explosions and other accidents on launch or during flight have occurred
for others and will likely occur in the future. 

21 

While
we have built operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture, performance and servicing of our products and related technologies
meet rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we will not experience operational or process failures and other problems,
including through manufacturing or design defects, cyber-attacks or other intentional acts, that could result in potential safety risks.
We may experience a total loss of our customers payloads and our own payloads if there is an accident or failure at launch or
during the journey into space, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For some
missions, we or our customers can elect to buy launch insurance, which can reduce our monetary losses from any launch failure, but even
in this case we will have losses associated with our inability to test our technology in space and delays with further technology development.
Any insurance we or our customers have may not be adequate to cover our or their loss, respectively. 

Any
actual or perceived safety or reliability issues may result in significant reputational harm to our businesses, in addition to tort liability,
maintenance, increased safety infrastructure and other costs that may arise. Such issues could result in delaying or cancelling planned
launches, increased regulation or other systemic consequences. Our inability to meet our safety standards or adverse publicity affecting
our reputation as a result of accidents, mechanical failures, damages to customer property or medical complications could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

We
may experience a total loss of our technology and products and our customers payloads if there is an accident on launch or during
the journey into space, and any insurance we have may not be adequate to cover our loss. 

Although
there have been and will continue to be technological advances in spaceflight, it is still an inherently dangerous activity. Explosions
and other accidents on launch or during the flight have occurred and will likely occur in the future. If such incident should occur,
we will likely experience a total loss of our systems, products, technologies and services and our customers payloads. The total
or partial loss of one or more of our products or customer payloads could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. For some missions, we can elect to buy launch insurance, which can reduce our monetary losses from the launch
failure, but even in this case we will have losses associated with our inability to test our technology in space and delays with further
technology development. 

Any
delays in the development and manufacture of satellites and related technology may adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, production,
delivery and servicing ramp of satellites and related technology. If delays like this arise or recur, if our remediation measures and
process changes do not continue to be successful or if we experience issues with planned manufacturing improvements or design and safety,
we could experience issues in sustaining the ramp of our spaceflight system or delays in increasing production further. 

If
we encounter difficulties in scaling our delivery or servicing capabilities, if we fail to develop and successfully commercialize our
satellites and related technologies, if we fail to develop such technologies before our competitors, or if such technologies fail to
perform as expected, are inferior to those of our competitors or are perceived as less safe than those of our competitors, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Our
customized hardware and software may be difficult and expensive to service, upgrade or replace. 

Some
of the hardware and software we use in operations is significantly customized and tailored to meet our requirements and specifications
and could be difficult and expensive to service, upgrade or replace. Although we expect to maintain inventories of some spare parts,
it nonetheless may be difficult, expensive or impossible to obtain replacement parts for the hardware due to a limited number of those
parts being manufactured to our requirements and specifications. Also, our business plan contemplates updating or replacing some of the
hardware and software in our network as technology advances, but the complexity of our requirements and specifications may present us
with technical and operational challenges that complicate or otherwise make it expensive or infeasible to carry out such upgrades and
replacements. If we are not able to suitably service, upgrade or replace our equipment, our ability to provide our services and therefore
to generate revenue could be harmed. 

22 

Our
satellites may collide with space debris or another spacecraft, which could adversely affect our operations. 

Although
we expect to comply with best practices and international orbital debris mitigation requirements to actively maneuver our satellites
to avoid potential collisions with space debris or other spacecraft, these abilities are limited by, among other factors, uncertainties
and inaccuracies in the projected orbit location of, and predicted collisions with, debris objects tracked and cataloged by governments
or other entities. Additionally, some space debris is too small to be tracked and therefore its orbital location is unknown; nevertheless,
this debris is still large enough to potentially cause severe damage or a failure of our satellites should a collision occur. If our
satellites collide with space debris or other spacecraft, our products and services could be impaired. Also, a failure of one or more
of our satellites or the occurrence of equipment failures, collision damage, or other related problems that may result during the de-orbiting
process could constitute an uninsured loss and could materially harm our financial condition. 

If
we are unable to adapt to and satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we are unable to manufacture our
products at a quantity and quality that our customers demand, our ability to grow our business may suffer. 

The
success of our business depends in part on effectively managing and maintaining our space services, manufacturing our products, conducting
a sufficient number of launches to meet customer demand and providing customers with an experience that meets or exceeds their expectations.
Even if we succeed in developing our products and completing launches within our targeted timeline, we could thereafter fail to develop
the ability to produce these products at quantity with a quality management system that ensures that each unit performs as required.
Any delay in our ability to produce products or complete launches at rate and with a reliable quality management system could have a
material adverse on our business. 

If
our current or future space services do not meet expected performance or quality standards, including with respect to customer safety
and satisfaction, this could cause operational delays. Further, launching satellites within restricted airspace require advance scheduling
and coordination with government agencies and range owners and other users, and any high priority national defense assets will have priority
in the use of these resources, which may impact our cadence of our space operations or could result in cancellations or rescheduling.
Any operational or manufacturing delays or other unplanned changes to our ability to conduct our launches could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 

If
our operations continue to grow as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our sales and marketing, customer
and commercial strategy, products and services, supply, and manufacturing and distribution functions and initiate research and development.
We will also need to continue to leverage our manufacturing and operational systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that we
will be able to scale the business and the manufacture of spacecraft as currently planned or within the planned timeframe. The continued
expansion of our business may also require additional manufacturing and operational facilities, as well as space for administrative support,
and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find suitable locations or partners for the manufacture and operation of our products. 

Our
continued growth could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in
hiring, training and managing an increasing number of employees, finding manufacturing capacity to produce our products and related equipment,
and delays in production and launches. These difficulties may result in the erosion of our brand image, divert the attention of management
and key employees and impact financial and operational results. In addition, in order to continue to expand our presence around the globe,
we expect to incur substantial expenses as we continue to attempt to streamline our manufacturing process, increase our launch cadence,
hire more employees, and fund research and development efforts relating to new products and technologies and expand our business. If
we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, headcount and capital assets, could result
in decreased margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

Our
prospects and operations may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences and economic conditions that affect demand for
satellite services. 

Because
our business is currently concentrated on commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data services, we are vulnerable to changes
in consumer preferences or other market changes. The global economy has in the past, and will in the future, experience recessionary
periods and periods of economic instability. During such periods, our potential customers may choose not to expend the amounts that we
anticipate based on our expectations with respect to the addressable market for satellite services. There could be a number of other
effects from adverse general business and economic conditions on our business, including insolvency of any of our third-party suppliers
or contractors, decreased consumer confidence, decreased discretionary spending and reduced customer or governmental demand for satellites
and other products we produce, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse
publicity stemming from any incident involving us or our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We
are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving our company, our people or our brand. If any of our launch
partners vehicles or our satellites or those of one of our competitors were to be involved in a public incident, accident or catastrophe,
this could create an adverse public perception of satellite launch or manufacturing activities and result in decreased customer demand
for launch and satellite services, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations.
Further, if our launch partners vehicles or rockets were to be involved in a public incident, accident or catastrophe, we could
be exposed to significant reputational harm or potential legal liability. Any reputational harm to our business could cause customers
with existing contracts with us to cancel their contracts and could significantly impact our ability to make future sales. The insurance
we carry may be inapplicable or inadequate to cover any such incident, accident or catastrophe. In the event that our insurance is inapplicable
or not adequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an incident or accident. 

If
we are unable to maintain relationships with our existing launch partners or enter into relationships with new launch partners, we may
be unable to reach our targeted annual launch rate, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our business. 

We
do not own or operate our own launch vehicles. We rely on third party launch partners to launch our and our customers satellites.
Part of our strategy involves increasing our launch cadence and reaching 100 satellites launched by 2026. Our ability to achieve such
launch cadence targets will depend on our ability to maintain our relationships with our existing launch partners and add new launch
partners in the future. We currently have agreements with the International Space Station and Vaya Space and expect to enter into a variety
of arrangements to secure additional launch partners. We may in the future experience delays in our efforts to secure additional launch
partners. Challenges as a result of regulatory processes or in the ability of our partners to secure the necessary permissions to establish
launch sites could delay our ability to achieve our target cadence and could adversely affect our business. 

We
are dependent on third-party launch vehicles to deliver our systems, products, and technologies into space. If the number of companies
offering launch services or the number of launches does not grow in the future or there is a consolidation among companies who offer
these services, this could result in a shortage of space on these launch vehicles, which may cause delays in our ability to meet our
customers needs. Additionally, a shortage of space available on launch vehicles may cause prices to increase or cause delays in
our ability to meet our customers needs. Either of these situations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Further,
if a launch is delayed, our timing for recognition of revenue may be impacted depending on the length of the delay and the nature of
the contract with the customers with payloads on such delayed flight. Such a delay in recognizing revenue could materially impact our
financial statements or result in negative impacts to our earnings during a specified time period, which could have a material effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw
materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms, which could
impair our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or increase our costs of production. 

Our
ability to manufacture our products is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, which we secure
from a limited number of suppliers. Our reliance on suppliers to secure these raw materials and supplied components exposes us to volatility
in the prices and availability of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supply of raw materials or supplied components,
on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in manufacture of our products or increased costs. 

In
addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience delays in manufacture or operation as we go through the requalification
process with any replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by International Traffic in Arms Regulations and
other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies. Additionally, the imposition of tariffs on such raw materials or supplied components
could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components,
difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing use of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in
prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience
cancellations or delays of scheduled launches, customer cancellations or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure
of third-party contractors could adversely affect our business. 

We
are dependent on various third-party contractors to develop and provide certain of our components of and processes to our products. Should
we experience complications with any of these components and services, we may need to delay our manufacturing activities or delay or
cancel scheduled launches. We face the risk that any of our contractors may not fulfill their contracts and deliver their products or
services on a timely basis, or at all. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, operational complications with
our contractors. The ability of our contractors to effectively satisfy our requirements could also be impacted by such contractors 
financial difficulty or damage to their operations caused by fire, terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other events. The failure of
any contractors to perform to our expectations could result in shortages of certain manufacturing or operational components for our spacecraft
or delays in spaceflights and harm our business. Our reliance on contractors and inability to fully control any operational difficulties
with our third-party contractors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
expect to face intense competition in the commercial space market and other industries in which we may operate. 

We
face intense competition in the commercial space market and amongst our competitors. Currently, our primary competitors in the commercial
satellite market are Blacksky, Spire, Hawkeye 360, LoftOrbital, and IceEye. In addition, we are aware of a significant number of entities
actively engaged in developing commercial launch capabilities for small and medium sized satellite payloads, including Virgin Orbit,
Relativity, ABL, and Firefly, among others. Many of our current and potential competitors are larger and have substantially greater financial
or other resources than we currently have or expect to have in the future, and thus may be better positioned to exploit the market need
for small payloads and targeted orbital delivery, which is the focus of our business. They may also be able to devote greater resources
to the development of their current and future technologies, which could overlap with our technologies, or the promotion and sale of
their products and services. Our competitors could offer small launch vehicles at lower prices, which could undercut our business strategy
and potential competitive edge. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst
themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings relative to ours. Further, it is possible that
domestic or foreign companies or governments, some with greater experience in the aerospace industry or greater financial resources than
we possess, will seek to provide products or services that compete directly or indirectly with ours in the future. Any such foreign competitor,
for example, could benefit from subsidies from, or other protective measures by, its home country. 

25 

We
believe our ability to compete successfully as a commercial provider of launch and satellite services does and will depend on a number
of factors, which may change in the future due to increased competition, including the price of our products and services, consumer satisfaction
for the experiences we offer, and the frequency and availability of our products and services. If we are unable to compete successfully,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
may in the future invest significant resources in developing new service offerings and exploring the application of our proprietary technologies
for other uses and those opportunities may never materialize. 

While
our primary focus for the foreseeable future will be on commencing our commercial launch activities, increasing our launch cadence, and
fully expanding our satellite operations center, we may also invest significant resources in developing new technologies, services, products,
and offerings. However, we may not realize the expected benefits of these investments. These anticipated technologies, however, are unproven
and these products or technologies may never materialize or be commercialized in a way that would allow us to generate ancillary revenue
streams. Relatedly, if such technologies become viable offerings in the future, we may be subject to competition from our competitors
within the commercial launch and satellite industries, some of which may have substantially greater monetary and knowledge resources
than we have and expect to have in the future to devote to the development of these technologies. Such competition or any limitations
on our ability to take advantage of such technologies could impact our market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Such
research and development initiatives may also have a high degree of risk and involve unproven business strategies and technologies with
which we have limited operating or development experience. They may involve claims and liabilities (including, but not limited to, personal
injury claims), expenses, regulatory challenges, and other risks that we may not be able to anticipate. There can be no assurance that
customer demand for such initiatives will exist or be sustained at the levels that we anticipate, or that any of these initiatives will
gain sufficient traction or market acceptance to generate sufficient revenue to offset any new expenses or liabilities associated with
these new investments. Further, any such research and development efforts could distract management from current operations and would
divert capital and other resources from our more established offerings and technologies. Even if we were to be successful in developing
new products, services, offerings or technologies, regulatory authorities may subject us to new rules or restrictions in response to
our innovations that may increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing new products, services, offerings, or
technologies. 

If
we fail to adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose
valuable assets, generate reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, including certain methodologies, practices,
tools, technologies and technical expertise we utilize in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining applications and processes
used in our satellite systems and related technologies. To date, we have relied primarily on trade secrets and other intellectual property
laws, non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and other relevant persons and other measures to protect our intellectual
property and intend to continue to rely on these and other means, including patent protection, in the future. However, the steps we take
to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate, and we may choose not to pursue or maintain protection for our intellectual property
in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our
rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized
third parties to copy our technology and use information that we regard as proprietary to create technology that competes with ours. 

Further,
the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for
enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate. To the extent we expand our international activities,
our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our technologies and proprietary information may increase. Accordingly, despite our efforts,
we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our technology and intellectual
property. 

We
rely in part on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and other confidential information to maintain our competitive position. Although
we enter into non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees, enter into non-disclosure agreements with our customers,
consultants, and other parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances and enter into intellectual property
assignment agreements with our consultants and vendors, no assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling
access to and distribution of our technology and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from
independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products. 

26 

Protecting
and defending against intellectual property claims may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends in part upon successful prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and protection of our owned and licensed intellectual property. 

To
protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be
costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property.
Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking
the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology, as well as
any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could disrupt our business, as well as have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The results of intellectual property litigation are difficult to
predict and may require us to stop using certain technologies or offering certain services or may result in significant damage awards
or settlement costs. There is no guarantee that any action to defend, maintain or enforce our owned or licensed intellectual property
rights will be successful, and an adverse result in any such proceeding could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, operating results, and prospects. 

In
addition, we may from time-to-time face allegations that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
property rights of third parties, including the intellectual property rights of our competitors. We may be unaware of the intellectual
property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Irrespective of the validity of any such claims,
we could incur significant costs and diversion of resources in defending against them, and there is no guarantee any such defense would
be successful, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, liquidity,
and prospects. 

Even
if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and
the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could divert the time and resources of our management team, and harm our
business, our operating results and our reputation. 

The
majority of our customer contracts may be terminated by the customer at any time for convenience as well as other provisions permitting
the customer to discontinue contract performance for cause (for example, if we do not achieve certain milestones on a timely basis).
If our contracts are terminated or if we experience any other contract-related risks, our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
In addition, some of our customers are government entities, which subjects us to additional risks including early termination, audits,
investigations, sanctions, and penalties. 

We
are subject to a variety of contract-related risks. Some of our existing customer contracts, including those with the government, include
provisions allowing the customers to terminate their contracts for convenience, with a termination penalty for at least the amounts already
paid, or to terminate the contracts for cause (for example, if we do not achieve certain milestones on a timely basis). Customers that
terminate such contracts may also be entitled to a pro rata refund of the amount of the customer s deposit. In addition, some of
our customers are pre-revenue startups or otherwise not fully established companies, which exposes us to a degree of counterparty credit
risk. 

Part
of our strategy is to market our space and satellite manufacturing and launch and data services to key government customers. We expect
we may derive limited revenue from contracts with NASA and the U.S. government and may enter into further contracts with the U.S. or
foreign governments in the future, and this subjects us to statutes and regulations applicable to companies doing business with the U.S.
government, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation. These U.S. government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the
government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts, and which are unfavorable
to contractors. For instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or
modify contracts for convenience, in which case the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or committed
costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default,
the defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. 

27 

Our
government contracts may be subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under
these contracts. In addition, government contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business,
reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for
example: 

specialized
 disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts; 

financial
 and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of government funds after such funds
 have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with
 the U.S. government; 

public
 disclosures of certain contract and company information; and 

mandatory
 socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental
 compliance requirements. 

Government
contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits, and investigations regarding
our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contract laws, regulations and
contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under our
contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act (including treble damages and other penalties), or criminal law. In particular, the False
Claims Act s whistleblower provisions also allow private individuals, including present and former employees, to
sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could adversely affect our ability to operate
our business and our financial results. If any customer were to unexpectedly terminate, cancel, or decline to exercise an option to renew
with respect to one or more of our significant contracts for any reason, including as a result of our failure to meet certain performance
milestones, or if a government customer were to suspend or debar us from doing business with such government, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations would be materially harmed. 

If
we commercialize outside the United States, we will be exposed to a variety of risks associated with international operations that could
materially and adversely affect our business. 

As
part of our growth, we aim to establish offices and partnerships outside of the United States. We plan to continue to build our pipeline
of global customers to include joint ventures and strategic partnerships. As we expand internationally, we expect that we would be subject
to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 

restructuring
 our operations to comply with local regulatory regimes; 

identifying,
 hiring and training highly skilled personnel; 

unexpected
 changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including through the International Traffic in Arms Regulations,
 or ITAR, Export Administration Regulations, or EAR, and Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC; 

economic
 weakness, including inflation, or political instability in foreign economies and markets; 

compliance
 with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign
 taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

the
 need for U.S. government approval to operate our spaceflight systems outside the United States; 

28 

foreign
 currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue; 

government
 appropriation of assets; 

workforce
 uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; and 

disadvantages
 of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act, or FCPA, OFAC regulations and U.S. anti-money laundering regulations, as well as exposure of our foreign operations
 to liability under these regulatory regimes. 

Our
business is subject to a wide variety of extensive and evolving government laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and
regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our satellite
system operations, employment and labor, health care, tax, privacy and data security, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws
and regulations at the foreign, federal, state, and local levels frequently change, especially in relation to new and emerging industries,
and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative
changes. We monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management s time and external resources towards compliance
with these laws, regulations and guidelines, and such compliance places a significant burden on management s time and other resources,
and it may limit our ability to expand into certain jurisdictions. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations
or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and
could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

Failure
to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits critical
for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates,
authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, deploying space assets such as satellites
in the United States require licenses and permits from certain agencies of the Department of Transportation, including the Federal Aviation
Administration, or FAA, and review by other agencies of the U.S. Government, including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,
or NOAA , the Department of Defense, Department of State, NASA, Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC 
and the International Telecommunications Union, or the ITU . License approval includes an interagency review of safety,
operational, national security, and foreign policy and international obligations implications, as well as a review of foreign ownership.
Delays in licensing and approvals allowing us to deploy our commercial satellites could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. 

Moreover,
regulation of our industry is still evolving, and new or different laws or regulations could affect our operations, increase direct compliance
costs for us or cause any third-party suppliers or contractors to raise the prices they charge us because of increased compliance costs.
Application of these laws to our business may negatively impact our performance in various ways, limiting the collaborations we may pursue,
further regulating the export and re-export of our products, services, and technology from the United States and abroad, and increasing
our costs and the time necessary to obtain required authorization. The adoption of a multi-layered regulatory approach to any one of
the laws or regulations to which we are or may become subject, particularly where the layers are in conflict, could require alteration
of our manufacturing processes or operational parameters which may adversely impact our business. We may not be in complete compliance
with all such requirements at all times and, even when we believe we are in complete compliance, a regulatory agency may determine that
we are not. The timing of our satellite deployments may depend on the ability of our partners to secure regulatory licenses from the
FAA and the FCC/ITU . 

A
component of our near-term strategy involves increasing our launch cadence by accelerating our development and production efforts and
adding additional launch partners. Our ability to achieve this increased launch cadence within the timeframe in which we hope to do so
will depend on the ability of our launch partners to secure the necessary regulatory licenses from the FAA, the FCC/ITU and other regulatory
authorities. If our launch partners fail to obtain the licenses necessary to support our anticipated launch cadence, or any delays or
hurdles that present in our interactions with the FAA, the FCC/ITU or other regulatory authorities, could impact our ability to grow
our business, could delay our ability to execute on our existing and future customer contracts and could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

29 

We
are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations. Unfavorable changes in these laws and regulations or U.S.
government licensing policies, our failure to secure timely U.S. government authorizations under these laws and regulations, or our failure
to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 

Our
business is subject to stringent U.S. import and export control laws and regulations as well as economic sanctions laws and regulations.
We are required to import and export our products, software, technology, and services, as well as run our operations in the United States,
in full compliance with such laws and regulations, which include the EAR, the ITAR, and economic sanctions administered by the Treasury
Department s OFAC. Similar laws that impact our business exist in other jurisdictions. These foreign trade controls prohibit, restrict,
or regulate our ability to, directly or indirectly, export, deemed export, re-export, deemed re-export or transfer certain hardware,
technical data, technology, software, or services to certain countries and territories, entities, and individuals, and for end uses.
If we are found to be in violation of these laws and regulations, it could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties,
the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, and reputational harm. 

Pursuant
to these foreign trade control laws and regulations, we are required, among other things, to (i) maintain a registration under the ITAR,
(ii) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification of products, software, and technology, and (iii) obtain licenses
or other forms of U.S. government authorization to engage in the conduct of our spaceflight business. The authorization requirements
include the need to get permission to release controlled technology to foreign person employees and other foreign persons. Changes in
U.S. foreign trade control laws and regulations, or reclassifications of our products or technologies, may restrict our operations. The
inability to secure and maintain necessary licenses and other authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully
or to operate our spaceflight business as planned. Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. government licensing policy,
such as those necessary to implement U.S. government commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. Given
the great discretion the government has in issuing or denying such authorizations to advance U.S. national security and foreign policy
interests, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our future efforts to secure and maintain necessary licenses, registrations,
or other U.S. government regulatory approvals. 

Under
the Exon-Florio Amendment to the U.S. Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended (the DPA ), the U.S. President
has the power to disrupt or block certain foreign investments in U.S. businesses if he determines that such a transaction threatens U.S.
national security. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS has been delegated the authority to
conduct national security reviews of certain foreign investments. CFIUS may impose mitigation conditions to grant clearance of a transaction. 

The
Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act FIRRMA ), enacted in 2018, amended the DPA to, among other things, expand
CFIUS s jurisdiction beyond acquisitions of control of U.S. businesses. Under FIRRMA, CFIUS also has jurisdiction over certain
foreign non-controlling investments in U.S. businesses that are involved with critical technology or critical infrastructure, or that
collect and maintain sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens TID U.S. Businesses ), if the foreign investor receives specified
triggering rights in connection with its investment. We are a TID U.S. Business because we develop and design technologies that would
be considered critical technologies. Certain foreign investments in TID U.S. Businesses are subject to mandatory filing with CFIUS. These
restrictions on the ability of foreign persons to invest in us could limit our ability to engage in strategic transactions that could
benefit our stockholders, including a change of control, and could also affect the price that an investor may be willing to pay for our
common stock. 

30 

Failure
to comply with federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the
expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, could
adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

We
collect, store, process, and use personal information and other customer data, and we rely in part on third parties that are not directly
under our control to manage certain of these operations and to collect, store, process and use payment information. Due to the volume
and sensitivity of the personal information and data we and these third parties manage and expect to manage in the future, as well as
the nature of our customer base, the security features of our information systems are critical. A variety of federal, state, and foreign
laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of this information. Laws and regulations relating to
privacy, data protection and consumer protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. These requirements
may not be harmonized, may be interpreted, and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict
with other rules or our practices. As a result, our practices may not have complied or may not comply in the future with all such laws,
regulations, requirements, and obligations. 

We
expect that new industry standards, laws and regulations will continue to be proposed regarding privacy, data protection and information
security in many jurisdictions. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.
Complying with these evolving obligations is costly. 

As
we expand our international presence, we may also become subject to additional privacy rules, many of which, such as the General Data
Protection Regulation promulgated by the European Union (the GDPR and national laws supplementing the GDPR, such as in
the United Kingdom, are significantly more stringent than those currently enforced in the United States. The law requires companies to
meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data of individuals located in the EEA. These more stringent requirements
include expanded disclosures to inform customers about how we may use their personal data through external privacy notices, increased
controls on profiling customers and increased rights for data subjects (including customers and employees) to access, control and delete
their personal data. In addition, there are mandatory data breach notification requirements. The law also includes significant penalties
for non-compliance, which may result in monetary penalties of up to the higher of 20.0 million or 4 of a group s worldwide
turnover for the preceding financial year for the most serious violations. The GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to
give specific types of notice and informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user s
device for online tracking for behavioral advertising and other purposes and for direct electronic marketing, and the GDPR also imposes
additional conditions in order to satisfy such consent, such as a prohibition on pre-checked tick boxes and bundled consents, thereby
requiring customers to affirmatively consent for a given purpose through separate tick boxes or other affirmative action. 

A
significant data breach or any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal, state or foreign privacy or consumer
protection-related laws, regulations or other principles or orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to
privacy or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, investigations, proceedings
or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other penalties or liabilities or require us to change our operations and/or
cease using certain data sets. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may also have obligations to notify users,
law enforcement or payment companies about the incident and may need to provide some form of remedy, such as refunds, for the individuals
affected by the incident. 

Failures
in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

If
our main data center were to fail, or if we were to suffer an interruption or degradation of services at our main data center, we could
lose important manufacturing and technical data, which could harm our business. Our facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and
similar events. In the event that our or any third-party provider s systems or service abilities are hindered by any of the events
discussed above, our ability to operate may be impaired. A decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated
problems, could adversely impact our operations. Any of the aforementioned risks may be augmented if our or any third-party provider s
business continuity and disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses,
sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. Any security breach, including personal data breaches, or incident, including
cybersecurity incidents, that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of or unauthorized acquisition of our or our
customers data, the loss, corruption or alteration of this data, interruptions in our operations or damage to our computer hardware
or systems or those of our customers. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation.
We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that
cause interruptions in our service. Significant unavailability of our services due to attacks could cause users to cease using our services
and materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

31 

We
are highly dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting or
retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our
success depends, in significant part, on the continued services of our senior management team and on our ability to attract, motivate,
develop, and retain a sufficient number of other highly skilled personnel, including engineers, manufacturing and quality assurance,
design, finance, marketing, sales and support personnel. Our senior management team has extensive experience in the aerospace industry,
and we believe that their depth of experience is instrumental to our continued success. The loss of any one or more members of our senior
management team, for any reason, including resignation or retirement, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Competition
for qualified highly skilled personnel can be strong, and we can provide no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining
such personnel now or in the future. We have not yet started production level satellite manufacturing, launch and data operations, and
our estimates of the required team size to support our estimated flight rates may require increases in staffing levels that may require
significant capital expenditure. Further, any inability to recruit, develop and retain qualified employees may result in high employee
turnover and may force us to pay significantly higher wages, which may harm our profitability. Additionally, we only carry key man insurance
for our Chief Executive Officer, and the loss of any key employee or our inability to recruit, develop and retain these individuals as
needed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Any
acquisitions, partnerships, or joint ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From
time to time, we may evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties,
both domestic and international. We may not be successful in identifying acquisition, partnership, and joint venture candidates. In addition,
we may not be able to continue the operational success of such businesses or successfully finance or integrate any businesses that we
acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. We may have potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment
of any goodwill recorded as a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition may divert management s time
and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our business. Any acquisition, partnership
or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our earnings and financial performance and,
to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership,
or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may experience difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired companies into our business and in realizing the expected benefits
of these acquisitions. 

Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
The success of any acquisition will depend in part on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities from combining their
and our operations in an efficient and effective manner. These integration processes could take longer than anticipated and could result
in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company s ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies
in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain
relationships with customers, employees or other third parties, or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions,
and could harm our financial performance. If we are unable to successfully or timely integrate the operations of an acquired company
with our business, we may incur unanticipated liabilities and be unable to realize the revenue growth, synergies and other anticipated
benefits resulting from the acquisitions, or fully offset the costs of the acquisition, and our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

32 

We
are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business, including interruptions or disruptions in service at
our primary facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
operations are subject to many hazards and operational risks inherent to our business, including general business risks, product liability
and damage to third parties, our infrastructure or properties that may be caused by fires, floods and other natural disasters, power
losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, human errors and similar events. Additionally, our manufacturing operations are
hazardous at times and may expose us to safety risks, including environmental risks and health and safety hazards to our employees or
third parties. 

Moreover,
our operations are entirely based in and around our Cape Canaveral, Florida facility, where our machine shop, production facilities,
administrative offices, and engineering functions are located. Any significant interruption due to any of the above hazards and operational
to the manufacturing or operation of our facilities, including from weather conditions, growth constraints, performance by third-party
providers (such as electric, utility or telecommunications providers), failure to properly handle and use hazardous materials, failure
of computer systems, power supplies, fuel supplies, infrastructure damage, disagreements with the owners of the land on which our facilities
are located could result in manufacturing delays or the delay or cancellation of our planned commercial satellite launches and, as a
result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover our liabilities related to such hazards or operational risks. Moreover, we
may not be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable and commercially justifiable, and insurance
may not continue to be available on terms as favorable as our current arrangements. The occurrence of a significant uninsured claim,
or a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have not historically obtained and may not maintain launch or in-orbit insurance coverage for our satellites to address the risk of potential
systemic anomalies, failures, collisions with our satellites or other satellites or debris, or catastrophic events affecting the existing
satellite system. If one or more of our launches result in catastrophic failure or one or more of our in-orbit satellites or payloads
fail, and we have not obtained insurance coverage, we could be required to record significant impairment charges for the satellite or
payload. 

We
have not historically obtained and may not maintain launch or in-orbit insurance coverage for our satellites to address the risk of potential
systemic anomalies, failures, collisions with our satellites or other satellites or debris, or catastrophic events affecting the existing
satellite system. If one or more of our in-orbit uninsured satellites or payloads fail, or one or more of our uninsured satellites is
destroyed during failed launch, we could be required to record significant impairment charges for the satellite or payload. We may review
the purchase of launch insurance on a case-by-case basis evaluating the launch history of our launch provider, number of satellites to
be deployed on the launch vehicle, the status of our constellation, our ability to launch additional satellites in the near term, and
the cost of insurance, among other factors. As a result of our case-by-case evaluation process, we have procured launch insurance for
our next four upcoming launches, which policies are subject to the typical terms and conditions regarding, among other things, cancellation
and scope of coverage. We do not maintain third-party liability insurance with respect to our satellites. Accordingly, we currently have
no insurance to cover any third-party damages that may be caused by any of our satellites, including personal and property insurance.
If we experience significant uninsured losses, such events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

33 

Natural
disasters, unusual weather conditions, epidemic outbreaks, global health crises, terrorist acts and political events could disrupt our
business and flight schedule. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions,
epidemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events in certain regions where our facilities are located, or where our
third-party contractors and suppliers facilities are located, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Severe weather, such as rainfall, snowfall, or extreme temperatures, may impact the ability of our satellite
launch and data services to be carried out as planned, resulting in additional expense to reschedule such service, thereby reducing our
sales and profitability. Terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war or the escalation of current hostilities, or any other military
or trade disruptions impacting our domestic or foreign suppliers of components of our products, may impact our operations by, among other
things, causing supply chain disruptions and increases in commodity prices, which could adversely affect our raw materials or transportation
costs. These events also could cause or act to prolong an economic recession in the United States or abroad. To the extent these events
also impact one or more of our suppliers or contractors or result in the closure of any of their facilities or our facilities, commence
our commercial satellite launch activities as planned or thereafter increase our launch cadence. In addition, the disaster recovery and
business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and are unlikely to prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster
or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity
plans and, more generally, any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease, which could adversely impact
our commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data operations. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating
results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 

Our
quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results.
These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 

the
 number of satellite launch missions we schedule for a period, the price at which we sell them and our ability schedule additional
 launch missions for repeat customers; 

unexpected
 weather patterns, maintenance issues, natural disasters or other events that force us to cancel or reschedule launches; 

the
 cost of raw materials or supplied components critical for the manufacture and operation of our satellite equipment; 

the
 timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research and development relating to our technologies and our current or future facilities;

developments
 involving our competitors; 

changes
 in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications; 

future
 accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

general
 market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our
 competitors. 

The
individual or cumulative effects of factors discussed above could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly
and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. 

This
variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors
for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may
provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline
substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 

34 

We
may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business,
including intellectual property, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims,
and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention
and resources from the operation of our business, and cause us to incur significant expenses or liability or require us to change our
business practices. Because of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes,
even where we believe that we have meritorious claims or defenses. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot assure you
that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
have been focused on developing satellite manufacturing and launch capabilities and services since 2013. This limited operating history
makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter. 

Because
we have limited historical financial data and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about its future revenue and expenses
may not be as accurate as they would be if it had a longer operating history or operated in a more developed market. We have encountered
in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating
histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate
our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
markets for commercial satellite manufacturing, launch and data services have not been well established as the commercialization of space
is a relatively new development and is rapidly evolving. Our estimates for the total addressable markets for satellite launch and data
services are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including our contracted revenue and sales pipeline, assumed prices
at which we can offer services, assumed frequency of service, our ability to leverage our current manufacturing and operational processes
and general market conditions. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable markets for in-space infrastructure services,
as well as the expected growth rate for the total addressable market for that experience, may prove to be incorrect. 

We
are subject to environmental regulation and may incur substantial costs. 

We
are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, and ordinances relating to the protection of the environment, including
those relating to emissions to the air, discharges to surface and subsurface waters, safe drinking water, greenhouse gases and the management
of hazardous substances, oils and waste materials. Federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment
may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum
product releases at or from the property. Under federal law, generators of waste materials, and current and former owners or operators
of facilities, can be subject to liability for investigation and remediation costs at locations that have been identified as requiring
response actions. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures. In addition, we could incur
costs to comply with such current or future laws and regulations, the violation of which could lead to substantial fines and penalties. 

We
may have to pay governmental entities or third parties for property damage and for investigation and remediation costs that they incurred
in connection with any contamination at our current and former properties without regard to whether we knew of or caused the presence
of the contaminants. Liability under these laws may be strict, joint and several, meaning that we could be liable for the costs of cleaning
up environmental contamination regardless of fault or the amount of waste directly attributable to us. Even if more than one person may
have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by these environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up
costs incurred. Environmental liabilities could arise and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance.
We do not believe, however, that pending environmental regulatory developments in this area will have a material effect on our capital
expenditures or otherwise materially adversely affect its operations, operating costs, or competitive position. 

35 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has and could continue to negatively affect various aspects of our business, make it more difficult for us to meet
our obligations to our customers, and result in reduced demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and it has since spread throughout other
parts of the world, including the United States. Any outbreak of contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments could
have a material adverse effect on our business operations. These impacts to our operations have included and could again in the future
include disruptions or restrictions on the ability of our employees and customers to travel or our ability to pursue collaborations and
other business transactions, travel to customers and/or conduct live demonstrations of our products, oversee the activities of our third-party
manufacturers and suppliers. We may also be impacted by the temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers, manufacturers, or customers. 

Changes
in tax laws or regulations may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect results of our operations and our effective tax rate. 

We
will be subject to taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates
in various jurisdictions, including the United States, may be subject to change. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by
changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities
and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions. Although
we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an
adverse resolution by one or more taxing authorities could have a material impact on the results of our operations. Further, we may be
unable to utilize our net operating losses in the event a change in control is determined to have occurred. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Carol Craig, is also the Chief Executive Officer of CTC, our principal stockholder, and may allocate her time
to such other business thereby causing conflicts of interest in her determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
could have a negative impact on our ability to implement our plan of operation. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Carol Craig, is also the Chief Executive Officer of CTC and may not commit her full time to our affairs, which
may result in a conflict of interest in allocating her time between our business and the other business. Ms. Craig spends approximately
50 hours per week working for us. Furthermore, our Chief Executive Officer is not obligated to contribute any specific number of her
hours per week to our affairs. If other business affairs require our Chief Executive Officer to devote more amounts of time to other
affairs, including the business of CTC, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on
our ability to implement our plan of operation. 

Risks
Related to our Relationship with Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. 

CTC
controls the direction of our business, and the concentrated ownership of our common stock will prevent you and other stockholders from
influencing significant decisions. 

CTC
owns a 92.6 of the economic interest and voting power of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. As long as CTC beneficially
controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding Class B common stock, it will generally be able to determine the outcome of
all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors. Even if CTC were to control less
than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding Class B common stock, it may influence the outcome of such corporate actions so
long as it owns a significant portion of our Class B common stock. If CTC continues to hold its shares of our Class B common stock, it
could remain our controlling stockholder for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 

We
may be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, may qualify for, and may rely on,
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 

As
a result of the concentration of ownership of our outstanding common stock, we may be a controlled company within the meaning
of the corporate governance standards of the Nasdaq rules. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power
is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements. 

As
a controlled company, we may rely on certain exemptions from the Nasdaq standards that may enable us not to comply with certain Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements if CTC continues to control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly,
you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements
of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

36 

The
ownership by our Chief Executive Officer of shares of CTC common stock may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. 

The
ownership by our Chief Executive Officer of shares of CTC common stock may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest.
Ownership by our Chief Executive Officer of common stock of CTC, creates, or, may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when
she is faced with decisions that could have different implications for CTC than the decisions have for us. Our Chief Executive Officer
has agreed to recuse herself with respect to voting on any matter coming before either CTC s or our board of directors related
to our relationship with CTC, although she will still be permitted to participate in discussions and negotiations. Any perceived conflicts
of interest resulting from investors questioning the independence of our management or the integrity of corporate governance procedures
may materially affect our stock price. 

Risks
Related to Our Class A Common Stock 

We
are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on Nasdaq or any stock exchange,
our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity of our stock and our ability to obtain financing could be impaired and
it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

Although
our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we may not be able to continue to meet the exchange s minimum
listing requirements or those of any other national exchange. If we are unable to maintain listing on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for
our common stock does not develop or is sustained, our common stock may remain thinly traded. 

The
listing rules of Nasdaq require listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any
reason, we should fail to maintain compliance with these listing standards and Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its
exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may
occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our stockholders: 

the
 liquidity of our common stock; 

the
 market price of our common stock; 

our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

the
 number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common stock; 

the
 number of investors in general that will consider investing in our common stock; 

the
 number of market makers in our common stock; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common stock; and 

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common stock. 

37 

The
dual-class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, has the effect
of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our Class B common stock prior to our initial public offering. This
ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our
organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transactions
requiring stockholder approval, and that may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. 

Our
Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock, which is the stock that we sold in our initial public offering,
has one vote per share. CTC holds all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 92.6 
of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. In addition, because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class
A common stock, the holder of our Class B common stock could continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common
stock and therefore control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until converted by our Class B common stockholder.
This concentrated control may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the
election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of
our assets or other major corporate transactions requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this concentrated control may prevent or
discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our
stockholders. As a result, such concentrated control may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Future
transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited
exceptions as specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such as transfers to family members and certain transfers
effected for estate planning purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time,
of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result,
it is possible that one or more of the persons or entities holding our Class B common stock could gain significant voting control as
other holders of Class B common stock sell or otherwise convert their shares into Class A common stock. 

We
cannot predict the effect our dual-class structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. 

We
cannot predict whether our dual-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, adverse
publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced and implemented restrictions on including
companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it would require
new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5 of the company s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and
S P Dow Jones announced that it would no longer admit companies with multiple-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected
indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400 and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P
Composite 1500. Also in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on its treatment of no-vote and multi-class
structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indices; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its
decision to include equity securities with unequal voting structures in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically
includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such announced and implemented policies, the dual-class structure of our common
stock would make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment
vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively new
and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but
it is possible that they may adversely affect valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Due to the dual-class structure
of our common stock, we will likely be excluded from certain indices and we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take
similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from
certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive
to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected.+ 

Our
principal stockholders will continue to have significant influence over the election of our board of directors and approval of any significant
corporate actions, including any sale of the company. 

Our
founders, executive officers, directors, and other principal stockholders, in the aggregate, beneficially own a majority of our outstanding
stock. These stockholders currently have, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of our
board of directors and approval or disapproval of all significant corporate actions. The concentrated voting power of these stockholders
could have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of the company or another significant corporate transaction. 

38 

We
could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following a decline in the market price of their
securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology companies have experienced significant share price volatility
in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and
resources, which could harm our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the shares and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Class A common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts
who covers us downgrades our Class A common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price
for our Class A common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish
reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume
for our common stock to decline. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and you must rely on price appreciation of your shares of Class A common stock
for return on your investment. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation
to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares. Any determination
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems relevant. 

We
will incur increased costs as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives
and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, and particularly after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting,
and other expenses that we did not incur previously. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various
requirements on U.S. reporting public companies, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls
and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance
initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities
more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified senior management
personnel or members for our board of directors. In addition, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations,
and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies.
This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure
and governance practices. Pursuant to Section 404 of SOX Section 404 ), we will be required to furnish a report by our
senior management on our internal control over financial reporting. 

While
we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting
issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To prepare for eventual compliance with Section 404, once we no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting,
which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside
consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue
steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement
a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that
we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
as required by Section 404. 

39 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act the JOBS Act ). For
as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including exemption from compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those
standards apply to private companies. We may elect not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, may be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may
be more volatile. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying
or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain
 voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our common stock; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

limiting
 the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings; 

requiring
 advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates
 for election to our board of directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings; and 

providing
 our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled
 special meetings. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations
without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. 

40 

Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control
could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect
the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole
and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders 
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for each of the following: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any
 action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of ours to the Company
 or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents; 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of ours arising pursuant to, or a claim against us or any of our directors
 or officers, with respect to the interpretation or application of any provision of, the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or
 bylaws; or 

any
 action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; 

provided,
that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any of the foregoing actions for lack of subject matter
jurisdiction, any such action or actions may be brought in another state court sitting in the State of Delaware. 

The
exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, and it will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
or for any other federal securities laws which provide for exclusive federal jurisdiction. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock are deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. 

Furthermore,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly,
both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions
and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice
of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against
us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America.
In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, this provision may limit or discourage a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and
our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate
of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

41 

We
note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 150 N. Sykes Creek Parkway, Suite 200, Merritt Island, Florida 32953. We occupy facilities totaling
approximately 3500 square feet under a sublease from Craig Technical Consulting, Inc., a principal stockholder and an entity owned and
controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Carol Craig, pursuant to a commercial sublease agreement (the Lease Agreement ),
dated August 1, 2021. The Lease Agreement currently has a 2-year term. We currently pay 4,707.18 per month plus applicable sales and
use tax, which is currently 6.5 in Brevard County. We believe this location is adequate for our current operations and needs. 

In
addition, our manufacturing spaces are located at 175 Imperial Boulevard, Cape Canaveral, FL 32920 and 400 Central Boulevard, Cape Canaveral,
FL 32920. We are under lease agreements with 400 W. Central, LLC for these spaces. The Lease agreements for 175 Imperial Boulevard and
400 W. Central Boulevard currently have concurrent lease terms with one year options that end on May 31, 2024. We pay a combined amount
of 23,455.73 per month plus applicable sales and use tax, which is currently 6.5 in Brevard County. We have a total of 35,700 square
feet of leased space in these buildings. We believe our manufacturing spaces are adequate for our current operations and will allow for
expected initial growth. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

On
December 14, 2021, our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SIDU. Prior to that time,
there was no public market for our common stock. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 15, 2023, there were 6,873 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater
than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by
brokers or held by other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust
by other entities. 

42 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion
of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a
number of factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with and our accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

Overview
of Operations 

We
are a space-as-a-service company focused on commercial satellite design, manufacture, launch, and data collection with a vision to enable
space flight heritage status for new technologies and deliver data and predictive analytics to both domestic and global customers. We
are building an all-inclusive space-as-a-service platform for the global space economy. We are developing and plan to launch 100 kg (220-pound)
satellites with available space to rapidly integrate customer sensors and technologies. By developing a plug-and-play operating system
for space, we believe we can deliver customer sensors to orbit in months, rather than years. In addition, we intend on delivering high-impact
data for insights on aviation, maritime, weather, space services, earth intelligence and observation, financial technology (Fintech)
and the Internet of Things. The majority of our revenues to date have been from our space related hardware manufacturing, however, 2022
revenue includes revenue related to our multi-mission constellation and our hybrid 3D printed LizzieSat satellite. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of year ended December 31, 2022 to year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table provides certain selected financial information for the periods presented: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 
 7,293,408 
 1,408,724 
 5,884,684 
 418 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 5,855,275 
 1,775,299 
 4,079,976 
 230 
 
 Gross Profit (Loss) 
 1,438,133 
 (366,575 
 1,804,708 
 492 
 
 Gross Profit Percentage 
 20 
 (26 

Operating expense 
 13,482,432 
 3,146,957 
 10,335,475 
 328 
 
 Other expense 
 (795,669 
 (232,606 
 (563,063 
 242 
 
 Net loss 
 (12,839,968 
 (3,746,138 
 (9,093,830 
 243 

43 

Revenue 

The
increase in non-related party revenue of 692 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately 6.25 million as compared to approximately
 789,400 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by increased sales staff which allowed for more aggressive pursuit
of customers. Contracts increased as a result of the timing of industry needs, and proposals submitted. The increase in revenue from
related parties of 68 to approximately 1.04 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately 619,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was driven by the mix of contracts as well as larger contracts our related party entered into with its customers, resulting
in it outsourcing more of its work to us. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue increased 230 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 5.85 million as compared to approximately 1.77 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and included 136,363 of related party cost of revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 0 as of December 31,2021.
The increase in cost of revenue was driven by increased materials purchases and other direct costs as a percentage of revenue. As a manufacturing
entity, materials and other direct costs are a percentage of revenue. The percent change in the cost of revenue was smaller than the
percent increase in revenue due to the mix of contracts and an increase in our higher margin Satellite-as-a-Service business line. 

Gross
Profit (Loss) 

The
increase in our gross margin of approximately 1.8 million or approximately 492 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
a gross profit loss of approximately 367,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to an increase in revenue,
the mix of contracts and an increase in our higher margin Satellite-as-a-Service business line. 

Operating
Expenses 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

Payroll expenses 
 5,553,025 
 1,503,236 
 4,049,789 
 269 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 559,096 
 71,111 
 487,985 
 686 
 
 Lease expense 
 338,389 
 253,311 
 85,078 
 34 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 138,930 
 34,767 
 104,163 
 300 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,461,077 
 335,604 
 2,125,473 
 633 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 4,431,915 
 948,928 
 3,482,987 
 367 
 
 Total 
 13,482,432 
 3,146,957 
 10,335,475 
 328 

Overall
operating expenses increased by approximately 10.3 million or 328 to approximately 13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to approximately 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to an increase in
our payroll expenses to approximately 5.55 million from approximately 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result
of an expansion of our staff to support the needs of the business, an increase in sales and marketing expenses to 559,096 from 71,111
primarily driven by increased general marketing and investor relations consulting expense, an increase in our lease expenses to 338,389
from 253,311 as a result of leasing more space for our business expansion, an increase in our professional fees from approximately 336,000
to approximately 2.46 million, which includes a one-time charge of 1.2 million in stock-based consulting fees for investor relations,
a 600,000 one-time banking advisory fee as well as increased legal and accounting fees as a result of being a public company, and an
increase in our other general and administrative costs to approximately 4.4 million from 948,928 for the prior period. This increase
is related to the increase in the size of our Company and included 160,475 of related party professional services as of December 31,
2022 and 7,054 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as increased insurance, regulatory and other costs associated with being
a public company. 

44 

Total
other income (expense) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had interest expense of 781,376 and factoring expense of 14,293. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had gain on forgiveness of PPP loan of 633,830, other expense of 504, financing expense related
to our IPO of 768,905 and interest expense of 97,027. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table provides selected financial data about us as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Current assets 
 7,449,868 
 16,007,584 
 (8,557,716 
 (53 
 
 Current liabilities 
 6,359,052 
 3,810,269 
 2,548,783 
 67 
 
 Working capital (deficiency) 
 1,090,816 
 12,197,315 
 (11,106,499 
 (91 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support asset growth, satisfy disbursement needs, maintain reserve requirements, and
otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. We had insufficient operating revenues, so we are currently dependent on debt financing and sale
of equity to fund operations. 

We
had an accumulated deficit of 28.2 million and working capital of 1.1 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 2.3 million of cash. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the working capital surplus is due to funds raised in our initial public offering and subsequent funding through
our Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC. As of December 31, 2021,
the working capital surplus was primarily due to funds raised through equity sales in relation to our initial public offering. 

Current
assets decreased by 8.5 million, or 53 , to 7.5 million as of December 31, 2022 from 16 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease
is primarily attributable to the funds used to support the needs of the business. 

Current
liabilities increased by approximately 2.5 million, or 67 , to approximately 6.4 million as of December 31, 2022 from 3.8 million
as of December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to an increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities and our factoring
liability, partially offset by the forgiveness of our related party note payable. 

Cash
Flow 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Cash used in operating activities 
 (12,093,908 
 (2,484,778 
 (9,609,130 
 387 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (2,099,858 
 (217,840 
 (1,882,018 
 864 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 2,778,180 
 16,393,301 
 (13,615,121 
 (83 
 
 Cash on hand 
 2,295,259 
 13,710,845 
 (11,415,586 
 (83 

45 

Cash
Flow from Operating Activities 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not generate positive cash flows from operating activities. For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was approximately 12.1 million compared to approximately 2.5 million during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash
flows used in operating activities for the year ended 2022, comprised of a net loss of 12.8 million, which was reduced by non-cash expenses
of 1.5 million for stock based compensation, bad debt expense and depreciation and amortization, and an increase in net
change in working capital of approximately 800,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended 2021, comprised of a net loss of approximately
 3.7 million, which was reduced by non-cash expenses of 1.4 million for stock based compensation, financing
expenses, depreciation and amortization and lease liability amortization, an increase due to the forgiveness
of PPP loans of approximately 634,000 and a decrease in net change in working capital of approximately 520,000. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we purchased property and equipment in the amount of approximately 2.1 million primarily related to
construction in progress for LizzieSat and R D software. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we purchased approximately 218,000
of property and equipment primarily construction in progress for leasehold improvements in process for office space. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of approximately 2.8 million included proceeds from additional
stock purchased through our committed equity facility with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC of approximately 3.2 million, proceeds
from factoring agreement of 502,349, payments on our finance leases of approximately 148,000, repayments of notes payable to CTC, our
principal stockholder, of 797,505. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of 16.4 million
included proceeds from our initial public offering in December, 2021 of approximately 16.4 million, net proceeds from notes payable
of approximately 307,000, payment on our finance leases of approximately 75,000, repayments of notes payable of approximately 16,000
and repayments of notes payable to CTC, our principal stockholder, of 250,000. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities
often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

This
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting
periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting
policies are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K,
we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies
relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

46 

We
believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following: 

Revenue Recognition 

Inventory 

Credit losses 

Lease Accounting 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers using the modified retrospective transition approach. The core principle
of ASC 606 is that revenue should be recognized in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled for exchange of those goods or services. Our updated
accounting policies and related disclosures are set forth below, including the disclosure for disaggregated revenue. The impact of adopting
ASC 606 was not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our
revenue is recognized under Topic 606 in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of its services and products to customers in
return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed contracts with our customers that we believe
 are legally enforceable; 

identification of performance obligations in the respective
 contract; 

determination of the transaction price for each performance
 obligation in the respective contract; 

Allocation of the transaction price to each performance
 obligation; and 

recognition of revenue only when we satisfy each performance
 obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to each of our revenue category, is summarized below: 

Product sales revenue is recognized at the
 time of sale of equipment to the customer. 

Service sales revenue
 is recognized based on the service been provided to the customer. 

Revenues
from fixed price contracts that are still in progress at month end are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by
the percentage of total costs incurred to date to the estimated total costs for each contract. This method is used because management
considers total costs to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. Revenue from fixed price contracts and time-and-materials
contracts that are completed in the month the work was started are recognized when the work is shipped. 

Revenues
from fixed price contracts that require milestone payments are recognized at the time of the milestone being met. This method is used
because management considers that the payments are nonrefundable unless the entity fails to perform as promised. If the customer terminates
the contract, we are entitled only to retain any progress payments received from the customer and we have no further rights to compensation
from the customer. Even though the payments made by the customer are nonrefundable, the cumulative amount of those payments is not expected,
at all times throughout the contract, to at least correspond to the amount that would be necessary to compensate us for performance completed
to date. Accordingly, we account for the progress under the contract as a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. 

Inventory 

Inventory
consists of work in progress and finished goods and consists of estimated revenue calculated on a percentage of completion based on direct
labor and materials in relation to the total contract value. We do not maintain raw materials. 

Credit
Losses 

The
provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated based on historical information, customer solvency and changes
in customer payment terms and practices. The Company will calibrate its provision matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience
with forward-looking information. The amount of expected credit losses is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic
conditions. The Company s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative
of the customer s actual default in the future. The company will utilize the Allowance Method based on the accounts receivable
aging in order to accrue bad debt expense. 

47 

Leases 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The standard requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities
that arise from leases in the balance sheet. Additionally, in July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842) Targeted
Improvements, which, among other things, provides an additional transition method that would allow entities to not apply the guidance
in ASU 2016-02 in the comparative periods presented in the financial statements and instead recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment
to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. 

We
determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, operating lease liabilities - current, and operating lease liabilities - noncurrent on the balance sheets. Finance leases are
included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in our balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental
borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement
date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Leases
with a lease term of 12 months or less at inception are not recorded on our balance sheet and are expensed on a straight-line basis over
the lease term in our statement of operations. 

JOBS
Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take
advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 

We
have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition periods available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies provided under the JOBS Act.
As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS
Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain
of these exemptions, including without limitation, (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion
and analysis. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of
the date of the completion of this offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during
the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

48 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

49 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Sidus Space, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sidus Space, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
BF Borgers CPA PC 

Served
as Auditor since 2021 

March
15, 2023 

F- 1 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventory 

Contract asset 
 
 - 
 
 Contract asset - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued interest - related party 

Contract liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liability - related party 

Factoring liability 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable - related party 
 - 

Operating lease liability 

Finance lease liability 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Note payable - non-current 
 - 

Notes payable - related party - non-current 
 - 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

Finance lease liability - non-current 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock: shares authorized; par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock: authorized; par value 

Class A common stock: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Class B common stock: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Revenue - related parties 

Total - revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses 

Payroll expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Lease expense 

Depreciation expense 

Professional fees 

General and administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other expense 
 - 

Interest expense 

Interest expense - related party 
 - 

Factoring expense 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Finance expense 
 - 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per Common Share 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Additional 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Class A common stock and warrant issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A common stock issued for service 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A common stock issued for exercised cashless warrant 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant issued for finance expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt forgiveness related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance, value 

Class A common stock issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A common stock issued for service 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt forgiveness -related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Ending balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Finance Expense 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt 

Lease liability amortization 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related party 

Inventory 

Contract asset 
 
 - 
 
 Contract asset - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party 

Contract liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liability - related party 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance from common stock 

Due to shareholder 
 - 

Proceeds from factoring agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Repayment of notes payable 
 - 

Payment of lease liabilities 

Repayment of notes payable - related party 

Net Cash provided by Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash Investing and Financing transactions: 

Debt forgiveness related party 

Note payable - related party issued exchange with due to shareholder 
 - 

Initial recognition of right-of-use asset 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SIDUS
SPACE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

million. We have non-recurring one-time expenses
of million
included in our net loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had negative cash flow from operating activities of 
 million. We have non-recurring one-time expenses
of 
 included in our cash flow from operating activities.
The Company plans to fund its cash flow needs through current cash on hand and future debt and/or equity financings which it may obtain
through one or more public or private equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, strategic alliances
or collaboration agreements. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, the Company could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate its
projects and services which could adversely affect its future business prospects and its ability to continue as a going concern. While
there are indicators of substantial doubt, the Company believes that its current available cash on hand plus additional sources of funding,
including current customer contracts as well as the Company s ability to raise additional capital through the Company s issuance
of Class A common stock as evidenced by its public offering on January 30, 2023 in which gross proceeds of approximately M were raised,
the substantial doubt is alleviated and we believe the Company will be sufficiently funded to meet its planned expenditures and to meet
the Company s obligations for at least the one-year period following its consolidated financial statement issuance date. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Major additions and improvements are capitalized as additions
to the property and equipment accounts, while replacements, maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the respective
assets, are expensed as incurred. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively.
When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives may be adjusted and an impairment assessment may be performed
on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. 

Revenues
from fixed price service contracts that contain provisions for milestone payments are recognized at the time of the milestone being met
and payment received. This method is used because management considers that the payments are nonrefundable unless the entity fails to
perform as promised. If the customer terminates the contract, the Company is entitled only to retain any progress payments received from
the customer and the Company has no further rights to compensation from the customer. Even though the payments made by the customer are
nonrefundable, the cumulative amount of those payments is not expected, at all times throughout the contract, to at least correspond
to the amount that would be necessary to compensate the Company for performance completed to date. Accordingly, the Company accounts
for the progress under the contract as a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. To achieve this core principle, we apply
the following five steps: identify the contract with the client, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the
transaction price, allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract and recognize revenues when or as the Company
satisfies a performance obligation. 

potentially dilutive shares of common
stock outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Through
a declaration of trust, of the voting rights of Aurea s shareholders have been transferred to the Company so that the Company
has effective control over Aurea and has the power to direct the activities of Aurea that most significantly impact its economic performance.
There are no restrictions on the consolidated VIE s assets and on the settlement of its liabilities and all carrying amounts of
VIE s assets and liabilities are consolidated with the Company s financial statements. 

If
facts and circumstances change such that the conclusion to consolidate the VIE has changed, the Company shall disclose the primary factors
that caused the change and the effect on the Company s financial statements in the periods when the change occurs. 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Assets 

Liability 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Aurea s net loss was and respectively. 

Prepaid components 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid satellite service and licenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other prepaid expense 

VAT receivable 

Other current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3,476,748 
 1,595,099 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and related to financing of our prepaid
insurance policies. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, other prepaid expense included, software subscriptions of and , prepaid rent of and
 , property insurance of and , respectively. 

Computer equipment 

Vehicle 

Software 

Machinery 

Leasehold improvements 

R D software 
 
 - 
 
 Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

As
of December 31, 2022, construction in progress represents components to be used in the manufacturing of our satellites. As of December
31, 2021, construction in progress represented leasehold improvements in process for office space. 

Depreciation
expense of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased assets of and , respectively. 

Payroll liabilities 

Credit cards 

Other payable 

Insurance payable 

Total accrued expenses
 and other liabilities 

of the face amount, which is paid to the Company in the form of a cash
advance. The Company has a revolving line-of-credit for million with a loan interest rate of annum on outstanding balances.
 Under the factoring arrangement, the Company must buy back any invoices that the Factor
is unable to collect payment on. Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 860-20-55-24, the Company recognizes a factoring liability to the lender
until the accounts receivables are collected. As of December 31, 2022, the factoring liability was . For the year ended December
31, 2022, the costs and interest incurred by the Company in connection with factoring activities were . 

- 
 
 Retainage included in contract assets due to being conditional on something other than solely passage of time related party 

Total contract assets 
 
 - 

Contract liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Payments received or receivable (contracts receivable) in excess of revenue recognized on uncompleted contracts (contract liability), excluding retainage 
 - 

Retainage included in contract liabilities due to being conditional on something other than solely passage of time 
 
 - 
 
 Retainage included in contract liabilities due to being conditional on something other than solely passage of time Related party 

Total contact liabilities 

The monthly Base Rent is and the Base Rent is increased by each year. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the company exercised its option and extended the lease to May 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining right
of use asset and lease liability was and , and and , respectively. 

The monthly Base Rent is 
and the Base Rent may be increased by each year. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company, on assumption of
the lease, recognized a right of use asset and lease liability of and , and and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining right of use asset and lease liability was and and and ,
respectively. 

We
recognized total lease expense of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily
related to operating lease costs paid to lessors from operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded security
deposit of . 

2024 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted lease
 payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liability - current 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Finance
lease 

The
Company leases machinery and office equipment under non-cancellable finance lease arrangements. The term of those capital leases is at
the range from months to months and annual interest rate is at the range from to . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully paid off the two outstanding finance leases totaling , prior to maturity
dates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any additional financing lease commitments. 

Accumulated depreciation 

Finance lease assets, net of accumulated depreciation 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded depreciation of finance lease assets of and and interest
expense of finance lease of and , respectively. 

in loans (the Decathlon Note to CTC by Decathlon. In connection with our assumption of the Decathlon Note, CTC reduced the principal of the Note Payable related
party by million. The Company recorded a reclassification of from Note Payable related party to Note payable
 non- current (Decathlon note) and recorded forgiveness of note payable related party of . (See Note 12) 

Management
believes that the assumption of the Decathlon Note from CTC is in our best interests because in connection therewith, Decathlon released
us from a cross-collateralization agreement it was a party to with CTC for a loan of a greater amount. Also in connection with the Loan
Assignment on December 3, 2021, we entered into a Revenue Loan and Security Agreement, or RLSA, with Decathlon and our CEO, Carol Craig,
pursuant to which we pay interest based on a minimum rate of one (1) times the amount advanced and make monthly payments based on a percentage
of our revenue calculated as an amount equal to the product of (i) all revenue for the immediately preceding month multiplied by (ii)
the Applicable Revenue Percentage, defined as of revenue for payments due during any month. The Decathlon Note is secured by our assets
and is guaranteed by CTC and matures the earliest of: (i) , (ii) immediately prior to a change of control, or (iii) upon
an acceleration of the obligations due to a default under the RLSA. As a result, on December 31, 2021, the Company recorded the forgives
of note payable-related party of and the reclass of from Note Payable related party to Note Payable. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, which included
an additional accrual estimate based on the principal and accrued but unpaid interest payment due when the note matures, and made payments
of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded principal amount and accrued interest of
 and on the balance sheet, respectively. At maturity the Company will be required to pay approximately M representing
the Decathlon Note and accrued but unpaid interest. 

PPP
Loan 

On
April 14, 2020, the Company borrowed a loan in the amount of pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Loan has a two-year term and bears
interest at a rate of per annum. Monthly principal and interest payments are deferred for six months after the date of disbursement.
The PPP Loan may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The PPP Loan contains events of default and other
provisions customary for a loan of this type. The PPP Loan may be forgiven if used under program parameters for payroll, mortgage interest,
and rent expenses. 

In
February 2021, the U.S. Small Business Administration has remitted to the Lender the principal and interest for forgiveness of the Borrower s
PPP Loan. 

On
February 13, 2021, the Company borrowed a loan in the amount of pursuant to the PPP Loan under the CARES Act. In September 2021,
the U.S. Small Business Administration has remitted to the Lender the principal and interest for forgiveness of the Borrower s
PPP Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the principal amount of and accrued interest of were forgiven. 

Loan
Payable 

The
Company borrowed to purchase machinery in May 2016 and repaid for the year ended December 31, 2021. The maturity date
of this loan is in March 2021 and annual interest rate is . At December 31, 2021, the Company had loan payable of . 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and accounts receivable of 
and and contract liability of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from contracts entered into
by Craig Technical Consulting, Inc, its majority shareholder, and subcontracted to the Company for four customers. 

Accounts
Payable 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company owed and to Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. Advances are unsecured, due
on demand and non-bearing-interest. 

Note
Payable Related Party 

On
May 1, 2021, the Company converted million advanced to the Company by Craig Technical Consulting, Inc., our principal shareholder,
into a related party Note Payable. The remaining , that was advanced to the Company was forgiven and recorded as contributed
capital. The principal balance of this note outstanding (together with any accrued, but unpaid interest thereon) shall bear interest
at a per annum interest rate equal to the long term applicable federal rate (as such term is defined in Section 1274(d) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), and matures on , and shall be repaid in the amount of every quarter for
four (4) years beginning on Oct 1, 2021. 

On
December 1, 2021, in connection with the assumption of the Decathlon Note, the Company reduced the principal of the Note Payable 
related party by recording a reclassification of from Note Payable related party to Note payable non- current
(Decathlon note) and recorded forgiveness of note payable of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, recorded in accounts
payable accrued interest related party. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid and the note payable and accrued interest was forgiven by Craig Technical
Consulting, Inc. The Company recorded debt forgiveness of note payable and accrued interest of to additional paid in capital. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had note payable related party current of and and non-current of 
and , respectively. 

Cost
of Revenue 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded cost of revenue to Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. of and ,
and general and administrative expense of and , respectively 

Professional
Service Agreements 

 A
Professional Services Agreement, effective November 15, 2021, was made, between the Company and Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. The
period of performance for this Agreement was December 1, 2021, through November 30, 2022. The agreement was amended and the term of agreement
was extended to November 30, 2023. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded professional services of and , respectively. 

Sublease 

On
August 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Sublease Agreement with its related party Majority Shareholder Sublandlord ),
whereby the Company shall sublease certain offices, rooms and shared use of common spaces located at 150 Sykes Creek Parkway, Merritt
Island, FL. The Lease is a month-to-month lease and may be terminated with 30 day s notice to the Sublandlord. The monthly rent
shall be from inception through January 31, 2022, from February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023 and from February 1,
2023 to January 31, 2024. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and to lease expenses. 

while the Company pursues up to four (4) NGSO satellite filing(s) via the Vendor. The Reservation Fee is
levied on the date the filing(s) is received at the International Telecommunication Union (ITU). The Reservation Fee is payable annually
at the anniversary of the date of receipt, as long as the customer retains the NGSO filing(s). The Reservation Fee payment continues
to be payable until any of the frequency assignments of the NGSO filing(s) are brought into use. Upon the submission to the ITU to bring
into use any of the frequency assignments of a given constellation, an annual License Fee of shall be paid in lieu of the Reservation
Fee. On February 1, 2021, the Vendor submitted the license filing to the ITU and on April 6, 2021, the ITU published the license filing
for LIZZIE IOMSAT. Payments began in February 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recorded payments of 
and in Other General and Administrative expenses. 

shares, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of Class
B Common Stock and shares of Preferred Stock. 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware
to authorize the Company to issue shares, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of
Class B Common Stock and shares of Preferred Stock. 

In
April 2021, as part of the share conversion, the Company converted the membership interest of Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. into
 shares of Common Stock, par value , of the Company. The Company has reflected this conversion for all periods presented. 

Class
A Common Stock 

The
Company had and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Committed
Equity Facility 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a Registration
Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC B. Riley ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company will
have the right to sell to B. Riley, up to the lesser of (i) of newly issued shares (the Shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), and (ii) the Exchange Cap (as defined below) (subject
to certain conditions and limitations contained in the Purchase Agreement), from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement.
Sales of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and the timing of any sales, are solely at the option of the Company, and the
Company is under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the applicable Nasdaq rules, in no event may the Company issue to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement more than shares of
Common Stock, which number of shares is equal to approximately of the shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Exchange Cap ), unless the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue
shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules. The Exchange Cap is not applicable to
issuances and sales of common stock pursuant to Purchases and Intraday Purchases that we may effect pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
to the extent such shares of common stock are sold in such Purchases and Intraday Purchases (as applicable) at a price equal to or in
excess of the applicable minimum price (as defined in the applicable listing rules of the Nasdaq) of the common stock,
calculated at the time such Purchases and Intraday Purchases (as applicable) are effected by us under the Purchase Agreement, if any,
as adjusted such that the Exchange Cap limitation would not apply under applicable Nasdaq rules. Moreover, the Company may not issue
or sell any shares of Common Stock to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock
then beneficially owned by B. Riley and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, (the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in B. Riley beneficially owning more
than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as follows: 

restricted shares for consulting services valued at , pursuant to the Sidus Space, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 

shares issued under the Purchase Agreement (inclusive of commitment shares to the underwriter), for aggregate proceeds of
 . The net proceeds to the Company, after deducting broker fees and issuance costs of , were . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of commons stock as follows: 

During
 August and September 2021, the Company sold Class A shares of Common stock for per share for aggregate proceeds of
 , net of fees and expenses. 

On
 September 22, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an issuance of shares of restricted Class A Common Stock to 2 employees
 valued at . The shares vested immediately upon the grant date. 

On
 December 16, 2021, the Company sold Class A shares of Common stock for per share for aggregate proceeds of ,
 net of fees and expenses. 

During
 December 2021, the Company issued Class A shares of Common stock for cashless warrant exercise. 

Class
B Common Sock 

In
April 2021, as part of the share conversion, the Company converted the membership interest of Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. into
 shares of Common Stock, par value , of the Company. 

On
August 16, 2021, all shares of the previously issued and outstanding Common Stock, par value were exchanged for 
shares of Class B Common Stock, par value . All Class B common share and per share information in these financial statements retroactively
reflect this share exchange. 

The
Company had shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Warrants 

During
August, September and December 2021, the Company issued a total of warrants for a period of at a price per share of
 or in connection with the common stock sold. Upon the issuance of the warrant as compensation of its services as an underwriter,
the warrant was categorized as equity and the fair value of was recorded as finance expense. During the year ended December
31, 2021, all warrants were fully exercised with cashless conversions and there were warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

, the net operating loss carry forwards can offset 80 percent of future taxable
income and carryforward indefinitely as determined by respective tax regulating authorities. The Company s net operating loss carry
forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which could eliminate, reduce or defer the utilization of the losses because of an ownership
change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code U.S. federal tax returns are closed by statute for years through 2014.
The status of state and non-U.S. tax examinations varies due to the numerous legal entities and jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 

applied to the pretax accounting loss, and
our blended state income tax rate of in 2022 and in 2021, and the income tax net expense included in the consolidated statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 is as follows: 

 Schedule
of Income Tax Reconciliation Income Tax Net Expenses 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Loss for the year 

Income tax (recovery) at statutory rate 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Permanent difference and other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense per books 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

shares of our Class A common
stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate shares of Class A common stock. In addition, the company issued
 prefunded warrants to cover over-allotments. All pre-funded warrants were exercised and total issued stock in this offering
was aggregate shares of Class A common stock. The purchase price for each share of Class A common stock was . . Gross proceeds from the offering were approximately million, and net proceeds of approximately
 million after underwriter expenses. 

F- 20 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits
of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based
on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as a result of the material
weaknesses described below, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance
level and are ineffective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The material weaknesses, which relate to internal controls over
financial reporting, that were identified is: 

a)
 We did not have enough personnel in our accounting and financial reporting functions. As a result,
we were not able to achieve adequate segregation of duties and were not able to provide for adequate reviewing of the financial
statements. This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements
of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management
believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge with the non-routine or technical issues
we have encountered in the past will result in both proper recording of these transactions and a much more knowledgeable finance department
as a whole. Due to the fact that our accounting staff consists of a recently appointed full-time Principal Financial Officer, a newly
appointed full-time controller and 2 bookkeepers and external accounting consultants, additional personnel will also ensure the proper
segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training
needed to support us if personnel turnover issues within the department occur. We believe this will eliminate or greatly decrease any
control and procedure issues we may encounter in the future. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2022 for the reasons discussed above. We will continue to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal
controls over financial reporting and anticipate resolving the stated weaknesses by the end of third quarter 2023. 

50 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and positions of our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Carol Craig 
 
 55 
 
 Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Teresa Burchfield 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jamie Adams 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Dana Kilborne 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Cole Oliver 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Miguel Valero 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

The
business background and certain other information about our directors and executive officers is set forth below. 

Carol
Craig. Ms. Craig is the founder of our company and has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairwoman since 2014. Ms. Craig
is also the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Craig Technical Consulting, Inc., an engineering and technology company since 1999.
Ms. Craig graduated from Knox College with a BA in Computer Science and a BS in Computer Science Engineering from University of Illinois.
She also has a MS degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. She is currently pursuing
a PhD in Systems Engineering at the Florida Institute of Technology. Carol is a former P-3 Orion Naval Flight Officer and one of the
first women eligible to fly in combat. She has served on over 30 boards that include educational, aerospace and defense industry and
non-profit organizations. Ms. Craig was selected to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive experience in the space industry
and her relationships with key players in commercial space along with her position as CEO. 

Teresa
Burchfield . Ms. Burchfield has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2022.
From April 2021 to October 2021, Ms. Burchfield was Chief Financial Officer of 4FRONT Solutions, LLC, an electric manufacturing services
company. From August 2007 to April 2020, Ms. Burchfield served in various capacities with Tupperware Brands Corporation. While with Tupperware,
she was the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the US Canada business unit, Vice President and Group Chief Financial
Officer for Europe, Middle East and Africa and the Vice President of Investor Relations. From November 2001 to August 2007, Ms. Burchfield
was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at BeautiControl, a wholly owned subsidiary of Tupperware. During her career Ms. Burchfield
has also managed numerous aspects of business operations, business development, IT and marketing operations, and as a result she is experienced
in product forecasting, purchasing and distribution analytics. Ms. Burchfield also has over 15 years of experience working in manufacturing
environments, providing a strong background in costing and operational efficiencies. Ms. Burchfield holds a B.S. Degree in Accounting
from the University of Central Oklahoma and is a CPA in the state of Oklahoma. 

51 

Jamie
Adams . Mr. Adams has served as our Chief Technology Officer since September 2021 and was appointed to our board in December 2021.
Since June 2015, Mr. Adams has worked for Lockheed Martin, most recently focused on strategic research and development in Lockheed Martin s
Autonomous Systems Group and supported Lockheed Martin s business areas and mission and fire control (MFC) lines of business programs
developing autonomous systems technology in multiple domains (air, land, sea, and space). He joined Lockheed Martin after a distinguished
career NASA and Boeing. Mr. Adams final assignment at NASA was serving as the Associate Division Chief of NASA Johnson Space Center
(JSC) Software, Robotics, and Simulation, Engineering Division. Mr. Adams was selected to serve
on our board of directors based on his broad breadth of aerospace engineering expertise, technology roadmaps, corporate and government
acquisition and financial strategies. 

Dana
Kilborne . Ms. Kilborne was appointed to our board of directors in December 2021. Ms. Kilborne has been the President and CEO
of Cypress Bank Trust since April 2018 and CEO of Cypress Capital Group since October 2019. She is also a director of both companies.
In 2004, she founded another Florida based community bank as President and CEO and sold the company in January 2018. Ms. Kilborne has
over thirty years of experience in the financial services industry in Florida. She served as a Director of the Federal Reserve Board
of Atlanta Bank, Jacksonville Branch and currently serves on the corporate boards of HealthFirst, Inc., Florida Tech, and NCMIC. She
is past Chair of the Economic Development Commission of the Space Coast, and of Holy Trinity Episcopal Academy, where she was also a
volunteer teacher. She has served on the board of several community organizations including the East Coast Zoological Society, the Advisory
Board of the Bisk College of Business at Florida Tech and many other local not for profit institutions. While in South Florida, she served
on the Downtown Development Authority of West Palm Beach and Rosarian Academy and was awarded the Orchid Award by the mayor of West Palm
Beach for her leadership in the community. Ms. Kilborne was selected to be a director based on her broad background in finance, accounting,
entrepreneurship and governance. 

Cole
Oliver . Mr. Oliver was appointed to our board of directors in December 2021. Mr. Oliver has been an equity partner in the law
firm of Rossway Swan Tierney Barry Oliver since 2010. Prior to beginning in private practice, Mr. Oliver served as a federal law
clerk to The Honorable John Antoon, II, United States District Court Middle District of Florida. Currently, Mr. Oliver sits on the Board
of Directors for Cypress Capital Group and Cypress Bank Trust. Additionally, Mr. Oliver remains an active member of the community,
currently serving as a Governing Board Member of the St. Johns River Water Management District, a member of the Brevard County Charter
Review Commission, and as the Treasurer of the Board of Directors for the Holy Trinity Episcopal Academy. Previously, Mr. Oliver has
served as the President of the East Coast Zoological Society and as a Member of the Brevard County Economic Development Commission. He
received his B.A. degree from Washington Lee University as a history major and an MBA with a concentration in finance from Louisiana
State University. Additionally, Mr. Oliver earned his J.D. degree from the University of Florida, graduating magna cum laude and serving
as the Editor in Chief of the Florida Law review. Mr. Oliver was selected to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive legal
experience and his involvement and understanding of the impact of the space industry on local, federal and global economies. 

Miguel
Valero . Mr. Valero was appointed to our board of directors in December 2021. Since September
2022, Mr. Valero has been managing director of Space Strategies LLC, a consulting practice. From 2001 to September 2022, Mr. Valero was
managing partner with D tente LLC, a strategy and financial advisory firm that focuses on technology associated with telecommunications,
satellites, and space. He has worked for Lockheed Martin, Boeing Satellite Systems (formerly Hughes Communications), and Motorola in
various executive positions. Miguel holds a BSEE in electronics and telecommunications. Miguel was selected to serve on our board of
directors due to his extensive experience in the space industry and his relationships with key players in commercial space. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

Except
as set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers
or directors and any other person pursuant to which such officer or director was selected to serve as an officer or director of the Company. 

52 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters
in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set
forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Controlled
Company Exception 

CTC,
in the aggregate, has more than 50 of the combined voting power for the election of directors. As a result, we are a controlled
company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including
that: (i) a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors, as defined under the Nasdaq rules; (ii)
we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
the committee s purpose and responsibilities; (iii) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors
with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and (iv) we perform annual performance evaluations
of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. We have elected not to rely on the foregoing exemptions provided
to controlled companies under the Nasdaq rules. Carol Craig, our Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer, is the sole owner of CTC. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Relationship with Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. for additional information. 

Committees
of Our Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors directs the management of our business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through
meetings of the board of directors and its standing committees. We have a standing audit committee and compensation committee. In addition,
from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the board of directors when necessary to address specific
issues. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

Approving
 and retaining the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

reviewing
 the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

reviewing
 and pre-approving audit and non-audit fees and services; 

reviewing
 accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

reviewing
 and approving transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

establishing
 procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; 

overseeing
 internal audit functions, if any; and 

preparing
 the report of the audit committee that the rules of the SEC require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

Our
audit committee consists of Dana Kilborne, Cole Oliver and Miguel Valero, with Ms. Kilborne serving as chair. Our board of directors
has affirmatively determined that Ms. Kilborne and Messrs. Oliver and Valero each meet the definition of independent director 
under the Nasdaq rules, and that they meet the independence standards under Rule 10A-3. Each member of our audit committee meets the
financial literacy requirements of the Nasdaq rules. In addition, our board of directors has determined that Ms. Kilborne qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors
adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which is available on our principal corporate website at www.sidusspace.com . 

53 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing
 and recommending the compensation arrangements for management, including the compensation for our president and chief executive officer;

establishing
 and reviewing general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance
 and to achieve our financial goals; 

administering
 our stock incentive plans; and 

preparing
 the report of the compensation committee that the rules of the SEC require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

Our
compensation committee will consist of Dana Kilborne, Cole Oliver and Miguel Valero, with Mr. Valero serving as chair. Our board has
determined that Ms. Kilborne and Messrs. Oliver and Valero are independent directors under Nasdaq rules. Our board of directors adopted
a written charter for the compensation committee, which will be available on our principal corporate website at www.sidusspace.com . 

Nominating
and Governance 

The
members of our nominating and governance committee are Dana Kilborne, Cole Oliver and Miguel Valero. Mr. Oliver serves as the chairperson
of the committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board of directors in selecting individuals qualified
to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: (i) identifying and evaluating individuals qualified
to become members of the board by reviewing nominees for election to the board submitted by stockholders and recommending to the board
director nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders and for election to fill any vacancies on the board, (ii) advising the board
with respect to board organization, desired qualifications of board members, the membership, function, operation, structure and composition
of committees (including any committee authority to delegate to subcommittees), and self-evaluation and policies, (iii) advising on matters
relating to corporate governance and monitoring developments in the law and practice of corporate governance, (iv) overseeing compliance
with our code of ethics, and (v) approving any related party transactions. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee s methods for identifying candidates for election to our board of directors (other
than those proposed by our stockholders, as discussed below) includes the solicitation of ideas for possible candidates from a number
of sources members of our board of directors, our executives, individuals personally known to the members of our board of directors,
and other research. The nominating and corporate governance committee may also, from time-to-time, retain one or more third-party search
firms to identify suitable candidates. 

In
making director recommendations, the nominating and corporate governance committee may consider some or all of the following factors:
(i) the candidate s judgment, skill, experience with other organizations of comparable purpose, complexity and size, and subject
to similar legal restrictions and oversight; (ii) the interplay of the candidate s experience with the experience of other board
members; (iii) the extent to which the candidate would be a desirable addition to the board and any committee thereof; (iv) whether or
not the person has any relationships that might impair his or her independence; and (v) the candidate s ability to contribute to
the effective management of our company, taking into account the needs of our company and such factors as the individual s experience,
perspective, skills and knowledge of the industry in which we operate. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other
equity securities. To our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed with the SEC during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, we believe that our directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 beneficial owners have complied with all applicable
filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

54 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
 A copy of the code is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is posted
on our website, www.sidusspace.com . We intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq rules
concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Principal Executive
Officer and our other highest paid executive officers whose total annual salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 (collectively, the named
executive officers for fiscal years December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other 

Salary 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Carol Craig 
 2022 
 125,000 
 (2) 
 125,000 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 31,519 (1) 
 
 31,519 

Teresa Burchfield (3) 
 2022 
 185,906 
 51,563 
 237,469 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jamie Adams 
 2022 
 300,000 
 75,000 
 375,000 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 67,059 
 
 67,059 

(1) 
 Carol Craig, our founder
 and CEO, waived salary compensation from inception through December 31, 2020. On September 15, 2021, Ms. Craig began receiving compensation
 in the amount of 125,000 per year. 
 
 (2) 
 Ms. Craig waived bonus
 compensation for 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Ms. Burchfield became our
 Chief Financial Officer on April 11, 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

There
were no equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee member of our Board and received compensation
for such service during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below,
we did not pay any compensation, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee
members of our Board in 2022. Directors who are also employees do not receive cash or equity compensation for service on our Board of
Directors in addition to compensation payable for their service as employees of the Company. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dana Kilborne 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 Cole Oliver 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 Miguel Valero 
 40,000 
 40,000 

55 

Employment
Agreements 

In
December 2021, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Craig, pursuant to which Ms. Craig serves as our Founder and Chief Executive
Officer. Ms. Craig s employment agreement provides for an annual base salary of 125,000 and provides that Ms. Craig will be eligible
for an annual discretionary bonus, with a target equal to 100 of her base salary, based on the achievement of certain performance objectives
established by our Board of Directors. Ms. Craig s employment agreement contains standard non-competition and non-solicitation
provisions. Ms. Craig is also eligible to receive additional equity-based compensation awards as the Company may grant from time to time.
Ms. Craig s employment agreement further provides for standard expense reimbursement, vacation time and other standard executive
benefits. 

Pursuant
to Ms. Craig s employment agreement, in the event her employment is terminated without cause, due to a non-renewal by the Company,
or if she resigns for good reason (in each case, other than within twelve (12) months following a change in control), Ms.
Craig is entitled to (i) a cash payment equal to five (5) times the sum of her (x) annual base salary and (y) target bonus in effect
on her last day of employment; (ii) continuation of health benefits for a period of 24 months; (iii) a lump sum payment equal to the
amount of any annual bonus earned with respect to a prior fiscal year, but unpaid as of the date of termination; (iv) a lump sum payment
equal to the amount of annual bonus that was accrued through the date of termination for the year in which employment ends; and (v) subject
to Ms. Craig s compliance with her restrictive covenants, the outstanding and unvested portion of any time-vesting equity award
that would have vested during the one (1) year period following Ms. Craig s termination had she remained an employee shall automatically
vest upon his termination date. 

In
the event that Ms. Craig s employment is terminated due to her death or disability, she will be entitled to receive (i) a lump
sum payment equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned with respect to a prior fiscal year, but unpaid as of the date of termination;
(ii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of annual bonus that was accrued for the year in which employment ends; and (iii) the acceleration
and vesting in full of any then outstanding and unvested portion of any time-vesting equity award granted to her by the Company. 

In
the event that Ms. Craig s employment is terminated due to her non-renewal or resignation without good reason, she
will be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned with respect to a prior fiscal year, but
unpaid as of the date of termination. 

In
the event that Ms. Craig s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, due to non-renewal by the Company, or if she
resigns for good reason, in each case within twelve (12) months following a change in control, Ms. Craig is entitled to
(i) a cash payment equal to ten (10) times the sum of her (x) annual base salary and (y) target bonus in effect on her last day of employment;
(ii) continuation of health benefits for a period of 24 months; (iii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned
with respect to a prior fiscal year, but unpaid as of the date of termination; (iv) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of annual
bonus that was accrued for the year in which employment ends prior to the date of termination; and (v) the acceleration and vesting in
full of any then outstanding and unvested portion of any time-vesting equity award granted to her by the Company. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2023 by: 

each of our named executive
 officers; 

56 

each of our directors;

all of our current directors
 and executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known
 by us to own beneficially more than five percent of our common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 15, 2023, pursuant to the exercise of options
or warrants or conversion of preferred stock or convertible debt, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person shown in the table. Percentage of ownership is based on 25,272,736 and 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and
Class B common stock, issued and outstanding, respectively, as of March 15, 2023. 

Except
as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholders.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o Sidus Space, Inc., 150 N. Sykes Creek
Parkway, Suite 200, Merritt Island, Florida 32953. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of 
 Shares of 
 Class A 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Number of 
 Shares of 
 Class B Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common 
 Stock Beneficially Owned 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

Carol Craig(1) 
 - 
 10,000,000 

Jamie Adams 
 - 

Teresa Burchfield 
 - 

Dana Kilborne 
 - 

Cole Oliver 
 - 

Miguel Valero 
 - 

Directors and Executive Officers as a group (6 persons) 
 - 
 10,000,000 

5 or Greater Stockholders: 

Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. 
 - 
 10,000,000 

(1) 
 Carol Craig is the sole
 owner of Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. and has beneficial ownership of the Class B shares of common stock held by Craig Technical
 Consulting, Inc. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights (a) 
 Weighted 
 average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holder 
 - 
 - 
 950,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holder 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 
 950,000 

57 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following includes a summary of transactions during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to which we have been
a party, including transactions in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of
our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our
knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and
other arrangements, which are described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not otherwise a party to a related party
transaction, and no transaction is currently proposed, in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of
the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest. 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 150 N. Sykes Creek Parkway, Suite 200 Merritt Island, Florida 32953. We occupy facilities totaling
approximately 3500 square feet under a sublease from Craig Technical Consulting, Inc., a principal stockholder and an entity owned and
controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Carol Craig CTC ), pursuant to a commercial sublease agreement (the Lease
Agreement ), dated August 1, 2021. The Lease Agreement currently has a 2-year term, with no options to renew. We currently pay
 4,570.07 per month plus applicable sales and use tax, which is currently 6.5 in Brevard County. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owed 566,636 and 588,797 to CTC for cash advances made to the Company. The advances are unsecured,
due on demand and non-bearing-interest. 

On
May 1, 2021, CTC forgave 3,392,294 in principal amount owed to it by us. The forgiven debt was accounted for as contributed capital. 

In
addition, on May 1, 2021, we converted 4 million in intercompany accounts receivable owed to CTC into a related party note payable (the
 Note which included 1.1 million in loans (the Decathlon Note to CTC by Decathlon Alpha IV, L.P., or Decathlon.
The principal balance of this Note outstanding (together with any accrued, but unpaid interest thereon) shall bear interest at a per
annum interest rate equal to the long term Applicable Federal Rate (as such term is defined in Section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended), and matures on September 30, 2025, and shall be repaid in the amount of 250,000 every quarter for four (4)
years beginning on Oct 1, 2021. 

On
December 3, 2021, we entered into a Loan Assignment and Assumption Agreement, or Loan Assignment, with Decathlon and CTC pursuant to
which we assumed the Decathlon Note. In connection with our assumption of the Decathlon Note, CTC reduced the principal of the Note by
 1.4 million. Management believes that the assumption of the Decathlon Note from CTC is in our best interests because in connection therewith,
Decathlon released us from a cross-collateralization agreement it was a party to with CTC for a loan of a greater amount. Also in connection
with the Loan Assignment on December 3, 2021, we entered into a Revenue Loan and Security Agreement, or RLSA, with Decathlon and our
CEO, Carol Craig, pursuant to which we pay interest based on a minimum rate of 1 times the amount advanced and make monthly payments
based on a percentage of our revenue calculated as an amount equal to the product of (i) all revenue for the immediately preceding month
multiplied by (ii) the Applicable Revenue Percentage, defined as 4 of revenue for payments due during any month. The Decathlon Note
is secured by our assets and is guaranteed by CTC and matures the earliest of: (i) December 9, 2023, (ii) immediately prior to a change
of control, or (iii) upon an acceleration of the obligations due to a default under the RLSA. 

58 

In
December 2021, in connection with the assumption of the Decathlon Note, the Company reduced the principal of the Note Payable 
related party by recording a reclassification of 1,106,164 from Note Payable related party to Note payable non- current
(Decathlon note) and recorded forgiveness of note payable of 293,836. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 0 and 54,145, respectively, recorded in accounts
payable accrued interest related party. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid 797,505 and the note payable and accrued interest was forgiven by Craig Technical
Consulting, Inc. The Company recorded debt forgiveness of note payable and accrued interest of 1,624,755 to additional paid in capital. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had note payable related party current of 0 and 1,000,000 and non-current of 0
and 1,350,000, respectively. 

The
Company recognized revenue of 1,042,628 and 619,324 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and accounts receivable of 168,170
and 443,282 and contract liability of 44,185 and 63,411 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from contracts entered into
by Craig Technical Consulting, Inc, its majority shareholder, and subcontracted to the Company for four customers. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded cost of revenue to Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. of 136,363 and 0,
and general and administrative expense of 12,267 and 0, respectively 

A
Professional Services Agreement, effective November 15, 2021, was made, between the Company and Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. The
period of performance for this Agreement was December 1, 2021, through November 30, 2022. The agreement was amended and the term of agreement
was extended to November 30, 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded professional services of 160,475 and 7,054, respectively. 

Related
Person Transaction Policy 

We
have adopted a related person transaction policy that sets forth our procedures for the identification, review, consideration and approval
or ratification of related person transactions. For purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement
or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were or
will be participants in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of our total assets at year-end. Transactions
involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director are not covered by this policy. A related person is any
executive officer, director or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, including any of their immediate
family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 

Under
the policy, if a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, including any transaction that was not a related person
transaction when originally consummated or any transaction that was not initially identified as a related person transaction prior to
consummation, our management must present information regarding the related person transaction to our audit committee, or, if audit committee
approval would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our board of directors, for review, consideration and approval or ratification.
The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related
persons, the benefits to us of the transaction and whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to
or from, as the case may be, an unrelated third party or to or from employees generally. Under the policy, we will collect information
that we deem reasonably necessary from each director, executive officer and, to the extent feasible, significant stockholder to enable
us to identify any existing or potential related-person transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy. In addition, under our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our employees and directors will have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction
or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. In considering related person transactions,
our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to: 

the risks, costs and benefits
 to us; 

59 

the impact on a director s
 independence in the event that the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a
 director is affiliated; 

the availability of other
 sources for comparable services or products; and 

the terms available to
 or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees generally. 

The
policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our audit committee, or other
independent body of our board of directors, must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not
inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of
directors, determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. 

Independence
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors undertook a review of the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a relationship with
us that could compromise that director s ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out that director s responsibilities.
Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Dana Kilborne, Cole Oliver and Miguel Valero are each an independent
director, as defined under Nasdaq rules. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed by as described below: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees 
 72,500 
 66,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 16,000 
 41,500 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

88,500 
 107,500 

Audit
Fees: Fees for audit services were 72,500 and 66,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These are fees
for professional services performed by the principal auditor for the audit of our annual financial statements and services that are normally
provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filing or engagement. 

Audit-Related
Fees: Fees for audit-related services were 16,000 and 41,500 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These are fees for
assurance and related services performed by the principal auditor that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements. These services include attestations by the principal auditor that are not required by statute or regulation
and consulting on financial accounting/reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees: No fees for tax services were paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These are fees for professional services
performed by the principal auditor with respect to tax compliance, tax planning, tax consultation, returns preparation and review of
returns. The review of tax returns includes the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

All
Other Fees: No all other fees were paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These are fees billed by the auditor for
products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

60 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

In
accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our audit committee charter requires the audit committee to pre-approve all audit and permitted
non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the review and approval in advance of our
independent registered public accounting firm s annual engagement letter and the proposed fees contained therein. The audit committee
has the ability to delegate the authority to pre-approve non-audit services to one or more designated members of the audit committee.
If such authority is delegated, such delegated members of the audit committee must report to the full audit committee at the next audit
committee meeting all items pre-approved by such delegated members. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 all of the services
performed by our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this
 report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial
 Statements: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Financial
 Statements: 

Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

The
consolidated financial statements required by this Item are included beginning at page F-1. 

(1) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following documents are included as exhibits to this report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title
 of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated August 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Sidus Space, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 

61 

10.2 
 
 Revenue Loan and Security Agreement dated December 1, 2021 by and among Sidus Space, Inc., Carol Craig and Decathlon Alpha IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Loan Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated December 1, 2021 by and between Decathlon Alpha IV, L.P., Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. and Sidus Space, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Loan Agreement dated May 1, 2021 by and between Sidus Space, Inc. and Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between 400 W. Central LLC and Craig Technologies Properties, LLC (assigned to Sidus Space, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of May 21, 2021 between 400 W. Central LLC and Sidus Space, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Commercial Sublease Agreement dated August 1, 2021 by and between Sykes Creek Limited Partnership, Craig Technical Consulting, Inc. and Sidus Space, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.9# 
 
 NASA Contract Award dated November 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Sidus Space, Inc. and Carol Craig dated December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Debt Forgiveness Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 10, 2022 by and between Sidus Space, Inc. and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 10, 2022 by and between Sidus Space, Inc. and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of BF Borgers CPA PC. 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 Inline XBRL Document Set
 for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover
 page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 

+
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

#
Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions
with an asterisk because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly
disclosed. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 15th day of March 2023. 

SIDUS SPACE, INC. 

/s/ Carol
 Craig 

Carol Craig 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 and
 Chairwoman 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Carol Craig as his or her
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in
person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Carol Craig 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairwoman 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Carol
 Craig 

/s/
 Teresa Burchfield 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Teresa Burchfield 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Jamie Adams 
 
 Chief Technology Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Jamie Adams 

/s/
 Dana Kilborne 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Dana Kilborne 

/s/
 Cole Oliver 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Cole Oliver 

/s/
 Miguel Valero 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 15, 2023 
 
 Miguel Valero 

63 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors of 

Sidus
Space, Inc. 

We
consent to the inclusion by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-263227) of Sidus Space, Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
BF Borgers CPA PC 

Certified
Public Accountants 

 Lakewood,
Colorado 

 March
15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Carol Craig, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of Sidus Space, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

(4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Carol Craig 

Carol
 Craig 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Teresa Burchfield, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of Sidus Space, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

(4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Teresa Burchfield 

Teresa
 Burchfield 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sidus Space, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2023 (the Report ), I, Carol Craig, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

By: 
 /s/
 Carol Craig 

Carol
 Craig 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sidus Space, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2023 (the Report ), I, Teresa Burchfield, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

By: 
 /s/
 Teresa Burchfield 

Teresa
 Burchfield 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sidu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sidu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sidu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sidu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

