<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1718852_0000950170-23-005097.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16475580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>695911</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2269071</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7622730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2260007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3272157</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005097.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Prometheus Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				814282653
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40187
		FILM NUMBER:		23685459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3050 SCIENCE PARK ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 422-4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3050 SCIENCE PARK ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Precision IBD, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005097.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 rxdx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of 28.23 per share. 
 As of February 21, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock 0.0001 par value) outstanding. 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 75 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 75 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 75 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 75 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 76 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 77 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 78 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 88 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 119 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 119 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 121 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 122 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 122 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 122 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 124 

i 

PART I 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND MARKET DATA 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, research and development plans, the anticipated timing, costs, design and conduct of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates, our plans to use our Prometheus360 product platform to expand our pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable products, the anticipated timing and costs of our development of diagnostics, the potential benefits from our collaboration arrangements with third parties and our plans to enter into additional arrangements, the timing and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for our product candidates and diagnostics, our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, the impact of COVID-19 on our business, the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved, and testing products, the potential to develop future product candidates, the timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and future results of anticipated product development efforts, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. This Annual Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the markets in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this annual report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, without limitation, the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 This Annual Report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 We maintain a website at www.prometheusbiosciences.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. 
 1 

Ite m 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering a precision medicine approach to the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutic products for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases, starting first with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). We leverage our proprietary precision medicine platform, Prometheus360 , which includes one of the world s largest gastrointestinal (GI) bioinformatics databases and sample biobanks, to identify novel therapeutic targets, develop therapeutic candidates to engage those targets, and develop genetics-based diagnostic tests designed to identify patients more likely to respond to our therapeutic candidates. We have generated a robust pipeline of therapeutic development programs for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases. 
 Our lead product candidate, PRA023, is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) that has been shown to block the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-like ligand 1A (TL1A), a target associated with both intestinal inflammation and fibrosis. We believe PRA023 s dual mechanism of action, targeting both inflammation and fibrosis, also provides a strong rationale for advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for indications beyond IBD. 
 In July 2021, we initiated ARTEMIS-UC, a global Phase 2 randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial of PRA023 in patients with moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis (UC), and APOLLO-CD, a global Phase 2a open-label clinical trial in patients with moderate-to-severe Crohn s disease (CD), each utilizing our genetics-based diagnostic candidate designed to identify patients who are predisposed to increased expression of TL1A and therefore potentially more likely to respond to PRA023. 
 In December 2022, we reported topline results from the initial cohort of ARTEMIS-UC (Cohort 1) and results from APOLLO-CD demonstrating strong efficacy and favorable safety results in both studies. We believe these results position PRA023 to be a potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for patients suffering from UC and CD. 
 In our ARTEMIS-UC Phase 2a study, the topline results for the key endpoints and safety were as follows: 
 26.5 of patients on PRA023 reached the primary endpoint of clinical remission (per modified Mayo Score), compared to 1.5 on placebo, for a placebo-adjusted clinical remission rate of 25.0 on the primary endpoint (p In our APOLLO-CD Phase 2 study, the results for the key endpoints and safety were as follows: 
 26.0 of patients on PRA023 achieved endoscopic response (p=0.002 compared to 12 prespecified historical placebo rate); 

49.1 of patients on PRA023 achieved clinical remission (p We plan to advance PRA023 into Phase 3 studies for UC and CD in 2023 after we meet with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other foreign regulatory authorities and finalize our Phase 3 clinical trial strategy. The expansion cohort of ARTEMIS-UC (Cohort 2) is designed to further assess the treatment effect of PRA023 in patients who test positive on our diagnostic candidate, and we expect topline results in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Beyond IBD, in March 2022 we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial for PRA023 in Systemic Sclerosis-associated Interstitial Lung Disease (SSc-ILD). The FDA has granted fast track designation for PRA023 for the treatment of SSc-ILD. Topline results from our Phase 2 trial of PRA023 in Systemic Sclerosis-Associated Interstitial Lung Disease (ATHENA-SSc-ILD) are expected in the first half of 2024. 
 2 

We are evaluating potentially advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for other indications where there is a strong mechanistic rational and high unmet need, and plan to announce our fourth potential indication for PRA023 in 2023. 
 Inflammatory Bowel Disease 
 IBD is a complex disease with many contributing factors, including genetic, environmental and immunologic. UC and CD are two of the most common forms of IBD. Both UC and CD are chronic, relapsing, remitting, inflammatory conditions of the GI tract that begin most commonly during adolescence and young adulthood. UC involves the innermost lining of the large intestine, and symptoms include abdominal pain and diarrhea, frequently with blood and mucus. CD can affect the entire thickness of the bowel wall and all parts of the GI tract from mouth to anus. CD symptoms include abdominal pain, diarrhea, and other more systemic symptoms such as weight loss, nutritional deficiencies, and fever. 
 Current therapies used for the treatment of UC and CD apply a one-size-fits-all approach without regard to biologic variations amongst patients, and substantial unmet need remains. The current standard of care for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe IBD is typically anti-inflammatory agents; however, none of these therapies address fibrosis, or scarring, in IBD. The majority of IBD patients do not respond to first-line anti-TNF agents. Since the approval of the first anti-TNF agent for the treatment of CD in 1998, the availability of JAK inhibitors and newer biological agents, including anti-integrin and anti-IL12/23, has improved the care of moderate-to-severe IBD (JAK inhibitors in UC only). However, these subsequently approved therapies have generally failed to demonstrate a clinical remission effect size of more than 15 relative to placebo. Moreover, among those patients who do respond to therapy, up to 45 will lose response over time. Likewise, therapies under development have not demonstrated improved remission rates over previously approved therapies. In addition, in late 2021, the FDA issued a black box warning to the JAK drug class with indication for the treatment of arthritis and other inflammatory conditions, based on an increased risk of serious heart-related events such as heart attack or stroke, cancer, blood clots, and death. 
 IBD is estimated to affect over 2,000,000 people in the United States and over 5,000,000 people globally. The IBD market is approximately 18 billion globally and is estimated to grow to approximately 49 billion globally by 2030. The IBD market is highly concentrated, with four therapeutic products accounting for 75 of global revenues. 
 Our Precision Medicine Approach 
 Precision medicine involves the discovery and development of therapies that integrate clinical and molecular information based on the biological basis of disease to improve clinical decision-making and patient outcomes. We are pioneering the application of precision medicine in IBD and other immune-mediated diseases because we believe that by leveraging Prometheus360 we can identify novel therapeutic targets impacting the underlying pathways involved in IBD and the patient subgroups that may be more responsive to a particular therapy and then explore the utility of these therapies in other immune-mediated diseases where the same pathways are implicated. 
 
 We believe we have the potential to transform the entire IBD pharmaceutical value chain from discovery to commercialization with our precision medicine approach. Our Prometheus360 platform includes our extensive clinical database and associated biobank, which is one of the world s largest collections of biospecimens from patients suffering from IBD and other GI disorders. This database and biobank, which we exclusively license from Cedars-Sinai Medical Center (Cedars-Sinai), includes more than 200,000 samples linked to extensive clinical data from over 20,000 patients collected over more than 20 years. This, in combination with our state-of-the-art machine-learning methodologies, make Prometheus360 a discovery engine for novel precision therapeutics and diagnostics. 
 
 We believe our precision medicine approach will result in a greater likelihood of identifying and developing the right drug for the right patient, help to maximize patient and trial outcomes, improve label claims, accelerate adoption of targeted therapeutics for addressable patients and provide attractive treatment options from a cost-benefit perspective for payors. 
 
 3 

Our Portfolio 
 We have a robust pipeline of clinical-stage product candidates and preclinical therapeutic development programs and plan to develop a diagnostic for each program to identify patients more likely to respond to drug. The following table summarizes our key current internal and partnered programs. 
 
 PRA023 anti-TL1A mAb 
 Our lead product candidate, PRA023, is a humanized IgG1 mAb that has been shown to bind and neutralize both the active trimeric form and inactive monomeric form of TL1A. We are developing PRA023 for the treatment of UC, CD and SSc-ILD. We believe PRA023 s dual mechanism of action, targeting both inflammation and fibrosis, also provides a strong rationale for advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for indications beyond IBD. 
 In December 2022, we reported topline results from Cohort 1 and results from APOLLO-CD demonstrating strong efficacy and favorable safety results in both studies. We plan to advance PRA023 into Phase 3 studies for UC and CD in 2023 after we meet with the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities and finalize our Phase 3 clinical trial strategy. Cohort 2 is designed to further assess the treatment effect of PRA023 in patients who test positive on our diagnostic candidate, and we expect results in the second quarter of 2023. 
 In March 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial for PRA023 in SSc-ILD. The FDA has granted fast track designation for PRA023 for the treatment of SSc-ILD. Topline results from ATHENA-SSc-ILD are expected in the first half of 2024. 
 PRA052 anti-CD30L mAb 
 Our second product candidate, PRA052, is an anti-CD30L mAb. The CD30L-CD30 co-stimulatory pathway has been implicated in IBD by genetic, preclinical, and human translational data. In preclinical studies, CD30L antagonism was observed to improve multiple animal models of colitis. PRA052 is designed to have high affinity and specificity for CD30L and to block both transmembrane and soluble CD30L. We filed an investigational new drug application (IND) for PRA052 in the third quarter of 2022 and then initiated a Phase 1 single ascending dose/multiple ascending dose clinical trial in normal healthy volunteers in the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect topline results from the Phase 1 study in the fourth quarter of 2023. We are also developing a proprietary genetics-based diagnostic test for PRA052 to identify patients that are more likely to respond to CD30L inhibition. 
 In 2020, we entered into a co-development and manufacturing agreement with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH (Falk) for PRA052, in order to leverage Falk s experience in GI drug development and commercialization in Europe. Under this agreement, we granted to Falk exclusive commercialization rights in Europe, Australia and New Zealand for PRA052 and its corresponding diagnostic candidate, while we retained commercialization rights in the United States and the rest of the world. In 2021, we earned both preclinical milestone payments from Falk related to our selection of the PRA052 clinical candidate and our development of a diagnostic candidate for PRA052. 
 PR1100 Anti-cytokine receptor mAb 
 Our PR1100 program targets the receptor for a pro-inflammatory cytokine that has been linked to multiple immune-mediated diseases. In particular, the pathway modulated by our target has been associated, both functionally, and genetically with IBD, highlighting a 
 4 

possible role in the pathogenesis of this disease. We have identified SNPs in the gene locus of this target that are associated with IBD and potentially other immune-mediated diseases. We expect to submit an IND for our PR1100 therapeutic candidate in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 PR2100 anti-Inflammatory Cytokine mAb 
 Our PR2100 program targets a cytokine implicated in a range of inflammatory and fibrotic diseases. In IBD specifically, this cytokine has been implicated to contribute to non-response to anti-TNF therapies. We have identified single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the gene locus of this target that are associated with IBD and potentially other immune-mediated diseases. We expect to submit an IND for our PR2100 therapeutic candidate by the end of 2024. 
 PR300 Overview GPCR Modulator Small Molecule 
 Our PR300 program targets an orphan G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) expressed predominantly in the GI tract that we believe has important functions underlying intestinal epithelial integrity and innate immune cell function. We have identified a coding SNP in the gene of this target that represents a strong genetic association with IBD and potentially other immune-mediated diseases. 
 Other Development Programs 
 We continue to evaluate numerous other drug targets identified through Prometheus360 for therapeutic utility for potential drug discovery development. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to revolutionize the treatment of IBD and other immune-mediated diseases with a precision medicine approach for patients with significant unmet medical needs. The key elements of our strategy to achieve this goal are: 
 Advance PRA023 through pivotal clinical trials in UC and CD. We are focused on advancing PRA023 into Phase 3 pivotal trials in UC and CD in 2023 after we meet with the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities and finalize our Phase 3 clinical trial strategy. In our Phase 3 trials for PRA023, we plan to utilize our 200 mg/ml subcutaneous formulation in an autoinjector, which demonstrated greater than 80 bioavailability in our subcutaneous bridging study in Caucasian normal healthy volunteers. 

Maximize the value of PRA023 by expanding into additional indications. Because PRA023 targets both inflammation and fibrosis, additional indications in pulmonary, dermatology, or hepatobiliary disease, for example, may also benefit from therapeutic modulation of TL1A. In the first quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 placebo-controlled study in SSc-ILD. We continue to investigate the use of PRA023 in additional indications and plan to announce a potential fourth indication in 2023. 

Advance PRA052 through clinical trials. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 1 single ascending dose/multiple ascending dose clinical trial of PRA052 in normal healthy volunteers and expect topline results in the fourth quarter of 2023. We are also developing a proprietary genetics-based diagnostic test for PRA052 to identify patients that are more likely to respond to CD30L inhibition. 

Leverage Prometheus360 to advance our pipeline. Prometheus360 serves as our target, drug and diagnostic discovery and development engine. We have generated a robust pipeline of therapeutic development programs for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases, and also plan to leverage Prometheus360 to design and develop diagnostic candidates to pair with our therapeutic candidates. 

Limitations of Current IBD Drug Development 
 Despite the increasing global burden of IBD, the lack of evolution and innovation in drug development has left many patients with suboptimal responses to existing therapies. While there are many programs and mechanisms of action in development for IBD, nearly all are primarily focused on inflammation, and multiple programs are pursuing the same well-established targets and pathways. The quantitative efficacy of approved treatments and therapies in development has remained stagnant since the approval of the first anti-TNF antibody for use in IBD. There is a growing need to discover new targets and pathways that have the potential to deliver breakthrough efficacy and provide patients with more meaningful treatment options. 
 Attempts to identify new, targeted therapeutics for IBD through the use of publicly available clinical datasets have been hampered by the significant challenges associated with generating high-volume and high-quality data in a standardized manner from these datasets. 
 5 

Furthermore, while post-hoc analysis of clinical trial data can be helpful to retrospectively understand patient responses to particular therapeutics, the ability to use these data for understanding pathway pathogenesis in IBD or target discovery for IBD is limited. 
 Our Prometheus360 TM Precision Medicine Platform 
 We believe that Prometheus360 can potentially revolutionize the drug development and treatment paradigm for patients by utilizing genetics-based precision medicine to increase our probability of success. Prometheus360 enables us to select drug targets genetically associated with diseases and develop genetic-based diagnostics designed to identify patients more likely to respond favorably to specific therapies we are developing. Prometheus360 has three main components: (1) our comprehensive clinical data; (2) our large collection of biospecimens; and (3) our advanced data analytics capabilities. 
 Prometheus360 includes our extensive clinical database and associated biobank, which is one of the world s largest collections of biospecimens from patients suffering from IBD and other GI disorders. This database and biobank, which we exclusively license from Cedars-Sinai, includes more than 200,000 samples linked to extensive clinical data from over 20,000 patients collected and curated over more than 20 years. Clinical data sources included in Prometheus360 include electronic medical records, imaging data, clinical chemistry, pathology records and serologies. As such, clinical history, response to therapies and longitudinal data are available to us for analysis. In addition to clinical data, we have access to relevant, well-annotated patient samples for translational validation of therapeutic targets to help guide therapeutic development. Stored biorepository patient samples available to us include tissue biopsies (either from endoscopy or from surgery), serum/plasma, DNA, RNA, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), lamina propria mononuclear cells (LPMC), immortalized patient-derived B cells, stool and mesenteric adipose tissue. For many patients, we have multiple types of samples collected over multiple years. Samples from Prometheus360 are routinely interrogated by deep molecular profiling including SNP genotyping, whole exome sequencing, RNA sequencing, immunohistochemistry, metabolomics and microbiomics. In addition to this large, well-annotated IBD cohort of data and biosamples, Prometheus360 also contains samples derived from independent cohorts and samples, such as samples collected from healthy relatives of patients, which we believe gives us a competitive advantage in the discovery and development of our novel drug targets, therapeutic candidates, and related diagnostic candidates. 
 Prometheus360 relies on advanced datamining and bio-analytical capabilities that we employ to uncover insights about immunological pathways that drive IBD and other immune-mediated diseases, while providing a holistic view of the biology surrounding potential targets. We apply machine-learning algorithms to our clinical data and molecular profiling data to reveal disease-related trends, patterns and associations that are more reflective of what happens at a molecular level in complex immune-mediated diseases. Unlike traditionally employed strategies such as relying on genome-wide association studies (GWAS) alone, our bioinformatics approach allows us to discover and examine the joint effects of multiple genetic variants working in concert in key inflammatory pathways that contribute to the development and progression of IBD and other immune-mediated diseases. As a consequence, our approach allows us to create complex algorithm-based diagnostic product candidates that we use to identify patients likely to benefit from our therapeutic product candidates. 
 I BD and Market Opportunity Overview 
 IBD is a chronic relapsing and remitting inflammatory disease of the GI tract. It is a complex disease with many contributing factors, including genetic, environmental and immunologic. IBD typically onsets during adolescence and young adulthood and is diagnosed based on clinical, laboratory, endoscopy and histopathology and/or imaging findings. The IBD market is approximately 18 billion globally and is estimated to grow to approximately 49 billion globally by 2030. 
 UC and CD are the two most common types of IBD. UC causes long-lasting inflammation and ulcers in the digestive tract and affects the innermost lining of the large intestine (colon) and rectum. UC is debilitating and can lead to life-threatening complications. There are no treatments that cure UC and patients often require life-long treatment. Symptoms include diarrhea, bloody stools, abdominal pain and cramping, urgency to defecate, inability to defecate despite urgency, weight loss, fatigue, and fever. Chronic inflammation associated with UC puts a patient at increased risk of developing colon cancer. UC affects an estimated 926,000 people in the United States and 2,750,000 people globally. 
 CD also causes long-lasting inflammation and ulcers in the digestive tract. It differs from UC in that it affects the entire thickness of the bowel wall and all parts of the digestive tract from mouth to anus. There are no treatments that cure the disease and patients often require life-long treatment. Symptoms include diarrhea, fever, fatigue, abdominal pain and cramping, bloody stools, mouth sores, reduced appetite and weight loss, and pain or drainage near or around the anus due to development of fistula from the inflammation. CD affects an estimated 1,157,000 people in the United States, and 2,446,000 people globally. The development of abnormal narrowing of the digestive tract, known as stricture, is common and is the leading indication requiring surgical intervention. Up to 70 of CD patients develop a stricturing or perforating complication, and the use of anti-inflammatory agents over the past decade has not materially changed the rate of need for surgical resection due to stricturing disease. 
 6 

IBD Current Treatments and Limitations 
 Medical treatment of IBD is typically divided into two types of therapy: induction and maintenance. Induction therapy is used to reduce inflammation quickly (in three months or less) and maintenance therapy is used to sustain that reduction after three months. Patients with IBD are classified as mild, moderate or severe, based on the level of symptoms experienced, inflammatory biomarkers, and severity of disease on endoscopy. The current standard of care for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe IBD is typically anti-inflammatory agents. 
 Aminosalicylates (5-ASAs) are used as a first-line therapy in mild-to-moderate UC. Corticosteroids are used primarily during induction therapy and are effective for reducing symptoms but not for mucosal healing. There are serious side effects with extended corticosteroid use, including lowered quality of life, bone loss, weight gain and cardiovascular complications. Because of these serious long-term safety concerns, corticosteroids are used primarily as a bridge to manage symptoms until immunomodulators or biologic agents become effective and enable mucosal healing. Oral immunosuppressants (e.g. azathioprine and 6-mercatopurine) have not been effective as induction agents and are generally used for steroid-sparing or as an adjunctive therapy for reducing immunogenicity against biologic agents. Oral immunosuppressants are also associated with known toxicities such as drops in white blood cell counts and increased risk for infection. 
 Since the approval of the first anti-TNF agent for the treatment of CD in 1998, the availability of JAK inhibitors (in UC) and newer biological agents, including anti-integrin and anti-IL12/23, as well as oral S1P modulators (in UC), has improved the care of moderate-to-severe IBD, but many of these are anti-inflammatory agents and have safety and tolerability concerns due to their systemic impact and resulting effects on the immune system outside of the GI tract. In late 2021, the FDA issued a black box warning to the JAK inhibitor drug class with indication for the treatment of arthritis and other inflammatory conditions, based on an increased risk of serious heart-related events such as heart attack or stroke, cancer, blood clots, and death. 
 More importantly, these subsequently approved therapies have generally failed to demonstrate a clinical remission effect size of more than 15 relative to placebo. Moreover, among those patients who do respond to therapy, up to 45 will lose response over time. As a consequence, despite the advances in approved therapies over the past two decades, more than 15 of UC and 50 of CD patients require surgery within 10 years of diagnosis. The most common cause of surgery in UC is progressive disease not responsive to medical therapy and in CD it is development of strictures and/or perforation, requiring surgical resection of the intestine. 
 While fibrosis and stricturing are common in CD, clinically observable colonic strictures have also been reported in up to 11 of patients with UC, and we believe microscopic submucosal fibrosis is actually much more prevalent in UC patients than reported. In a study that examined 89 consecutive UC colectomy specimens from Cleveland Clinic, submucosal fibrosis was detected in 100 of the specimens. Microscopic evidence of fibrosis in the colonic wall may have significant clinical implications such as motility abnormalities leading to symptoms such as diarrhea, abdominal pain, urgency and incontinence. It has long been speculated that intestinal fibrosis may be the underlying cause of persistent UC symptoms, after the resolution of inflammation, that is commonly misclassified as irritable bowel syndrome. 
 Current treatment of IBD applies a one-size-fits-all approach without regard to genetic or biological variations in patients. We believe there must be a paradigm shift towards developing specific therapies for patients whose disease is driven by a specific biology. To date, we believe there are no clinical stage programs focused on integrating precision therapeutics with diagnostics to overcome the limitations of a one-size-fits-all treatment approach for IBD. Additionally, despite the advances in anti-inflammatory therapeutics for the treatment of UC and CD over the past two decades, fibrosis in these patients has largely not been addressed by therapy, representing an area of high unmet need. There is currently no therapy approved or under development that directly targets the reversal of fibrosis in IBD. 
 Our Solutions for the Treatment of IBD 
 PRA023 (anti-TL1A mAb) 
 Our lead product candidate, PRA023, is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) that has been shown to block the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-like ligand 1A (TL1A), a target associated with both intestinal inflammation and fibrosis. PRA023 s dual mechanism of action, targeting both inflammation and fibrosis, also provides a strong rationale for advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for indications beyond IBD. In December 2021, we announced topline results from our Phase 1 clinical trial for PRA023, a single center, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of PRA023 in normal healthy volunteers and observed that PRA023 was well-tolerated, with no safety signal identified during the study. 
 In December 2022, we reported topline results from Cohort 1 of our Phase 2 randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial of PRA023 in patients with moderate-to-severe UC (ARTEMIS-UC) and results from our open-label Phase 2a clinical trial of PRA023 in patients with moderate-to-severe CD (APOLLO-CD) and demonstrated strong efficacy and favorable safety results in both studies. Based on 
 7 

the totality of the data in these two studies, we intend to advance PRA023 into Phase 3 studies for UC and CD in 2023, after we meet with FDA and foreign regulatory authorities and finalize our P3 clinical trial strategy. In our Phase 3 trials, we plan to utilize our 200 mg/ml subcutaneous formulation in an autoinjector, which demonstrated greater than 80 bioavailability in our subcutaneous bridging study in Caucasian normal healthy volunteers. 
 ARTEMIS-UC : Phase 2 Clinical Trial of PRA023 in Ulcerative Colitis 
 Our Phase 2 ARTEMIS-UC clinical trial was a 12-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of PRA023 in patients with moderately to severely active UC who have failed conventional or advanced therapy. PRA023 met the primary and all ranked secondary endpoints including clinical, endoscopic, histologic, and patient-reported outcome measures in Cohort 1 of the trial. All 68 of the 68 PRA023-treated patients completed the Cohort 1 study, compared to 60 of the 67 patients in the placebo group. The topline results for the key endpoints were as follows: 

26.5 of patients on PRA023 reached the primary endpoint of clinical remission (per modified Mayo Score), compared to 1.5 on placebo, for a placebo-adjusted clinical remission rate of 25.0 on the primary endpoint (p 

36.8 of patients on PRA023 reached the secondary endpoint of endoscopic improvement (Mayo endoscopy subscore of 1), compared to 6.0 on placebo, for a placebo-adjusted endoscopic improvement rate of 30.8 on the secondary endpoint (p 

All secondary endpoints met with statistical significance. 

PRA023 was well tolerated in ARTEMIS-UC Cohort 1, with no treatment-emergent serious adverse events (SAEs), adverse events (AEs) leading to discontinuation, severe AEs, opportunistic infections or infusion reactions reported in the PRA023 treatment group. The only AE that occurred in more than two patients and at a higher frequency in the PRA023 group compared to placebo was COVID-19 (5 out of 68 [7.4 ] and 3 out of 67 patients [4.5 ], respectively). 
 We also conducted an interim analysis of ARTEMIS-UC, Cohort 1 to evaluate the effectiveness of our diagnostic candidate. Although from limited patient numbers, data from the subset of patients who tested positive on our diagnostic candidate (N=32) demonstrated a placebo-adjusted clinical remission rate of 37.5 , compared with the placebo-adjusted remission rate of 25.0 across all patients treated with PRA023 in Cohort 1. Cohort 2 is designed to further assess the treatment effect of PRA023 in patients who test positive on our diagnostic candidate, and we expect topline results in the second quarter of 2023. 
 The ARTEMIS-UC study also includes an open-label extension after the 12-week induction study. Clinical responders are stratified by their positive or negative diagnostic status and re-randomized into two different maintenance dose arms of 250 mg IV every 4 weeks or 100 mg IV every 4 weeks. Non-responders at the end of induction have the option for a course of open-label induction therapy. Responders at the end of this open-label induction therapy will be randomized to the two maintenance dose regimen and non-responders are discontinued from the study. 
 
 APOLLO-CD: Phase 2a Clinical Trial of PRA023 in Crohn s Disease 
 Our Phase 2a APOLLO-CD clinical trial was a 12-week open-label study that enrolled 55 patients with moderate-to-severely active CD with endoscopically active disease who had failed conventional or biologic therapy. The study enrolled a highly refractory patient population with 70.9 of patients previously treated with at least one biologic therapy and 52.7 treated with two or more biologic therapies. The results on the key endpoints were as follows: 

26.0 of patients on PRA023 achieved endoscopic response (p=0.002 compared to 12 prespecified historical placebo rate); and 

49.1 of patients on PRA023 achieved clinical remission (p 

PRA023 was well tolerated in the APOLLO-CD study. There were no treatment-emergent SAEs, AEs leading to discontinuation, or severe AEs, in each case, assessed as related to PRA023 by the investigator. There were no opportunistic infections or infusion reactions reported. AEs that occurred in more than two patients included COVID-19, urinary tract infection, CD, anemia, nasopharyngitis and fatigue. 
 In the APOLLO-CD study, we utilized our prespecified genetic markers in an alternative CD-specific diagnostic algorithm which demonstrated 45.0 (9/20) endoscopic response relative to all-comers of 26 (13/50), and we plan to advance this alternative algorithm into registrational studies for CD. In addition, a compelling reduction in markers of inflammation and fibrosis was observed 
 8 

between pre-treatment and post-treatment with PRA023, as measured by circulating cytokine levels, immunohistochemistry and gene expression in disease tissue. 
 The APOLLO-CD study also includes an open-label extension at the end of the 12-week induction study, in which clinical responders are re-randomized to the two maintenance doses (250 mg IV every 4 weeks or 100 mg IV every 4 weeks) and non-responders will be discontinued from the study. 
 Phase 1 Clinical Trial of PRA023 
 In December 2021, reported results from our Phase 1 clinical trial of PRA023 in normal healthy volunteers. The Phase 1 clinical trial was a single-center, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in which normal healthy volunteers received IV administration of PRA023. The study enrolled 69 healthy volunteers with 6 cohorts of subjects in the single ascending dose (SAD) phase dosed up to 1000 mg and 3 cohorts of subjects in the multiple ascending dose (MAD) phase dosed up to 500 mg every other week for a total of three doses. 
 The primary outcome measure was safety and tolerability over 14 weeks in the SAD and 18 weeks in the MAD. PRA023 was well-tolerated, with 68 of the 69 patients completing all doses and the follow-up period. There were no apparent safety signals identified during the study. There were no infusion reactions nor drug-related extension in infusion time at doses of up to 1000 mg delivered intravenously over 30 minutes. There were no clinically significant changes reported in physical exam, lab values, ECG or vital signs. All adverse events assessed as related to the study drug, including somnolence, headache, diarrhea and dizziness, were mild in severity and equally distributed between PRA023 and placebo treatment arms. There were no related adverse events reported in the highest dose group of 500 mg every other week. 
 The Phase 1 study also evaluated the secondary outcome measures of pharmacokinetics (PK) and immunogenicity. Dose-proportional exposure was observed at doses of 100 mg. PRA023 demonstrated a half-life of approximately 19 days after administration of 500 mg every other week. We believe the PK profile observed in this study supports the dosing regimen selected for the currently ongoing Phase 2 UC and Phase 2a CD studies. Figures below show the geometric mean serum PRA023 concentration-to-time profile following single dose and multiple doses of PRA023 Q2W administration (on Days 1, 15, and 29) as IV infusion. 
 One of the secondary outcomes for the trial was the rate of immunogenicity associated with PRA023 after single and multiple doses, measured up to 14 and 18 weeks. The observed immunogenicity rate overall was 65 during the SAD and MAD phases of the study. Anti-drug antibodies (ADA) were observed to be associated with low doses and only when PRA023 drug concentration was low; specifically, there were no observations of ADA at PRA023 drug concentration greater than 29 g/mL. ADAs did not have any apparent impact on safety outcomes, pharmacokinetics parameters, and pharmacodynamic (PD) parameters. Less than 20 of subjects who received clinically relevant doses of PRA023 (1,000 mg for SAD cohort and 200 mg to 500 mg for MAD cohort) developed ADAs through the prolonged follow up period and only in 1 out of 17 subjects (6 across the clinically relevant dose groups developed neutralizing antibodies. 
 The Phase 1 study also evaluated target engagement by PRA023 by measuring the total TL1A level in the serum. PRA023 binds to both the active trimeric form of TLIA and the inactive monomeric form of TL1A. The Phase 1 data demonstrated that target engagement by PRA023 was more than 4-times higher than would otherwise be expected if PRA023 only bound to trimeric TL1A. We believe that neutralization of both forms of TL1A will lead to increased target engagement and thereby to potentially more effective reduction of active TL1A in the disease tissue. Figures below show the median serum TL1A concentration (semi-log scale) following single dose and multiple dose of PRA023 Q2W administration (on Days 1, 15, and 29) as IV infusion. 
 Preclinical Studies of PRA023 
 In in vitro studies, PRA023 blocked TL1A s ability to bind and activate its receptor, DR3. In whole blood, PRA023 inhibited the TL1A-dependent IFN-g response following the ex vivo exposure to immune-complex and a combination of IL-12 and IL-18. Additionally, PRA023 was observed to be highly selective for TL1A with no detectable binding to related TNF super family members FAS, LIGHT, or TRAIL. 
 We assessed the potential toxicity of PRA023 in a series of nonclinical in vitro assays and in vivo studies in cynomolgus monkeys. The monkey was selected as a pharmacologically relevant nonclinical species because of similar TL1A protein sequence homology and nearly equivalent binding affinity of PRA023 to monkey TL1A, as compared to human. PRA023 is similarly active in monkey and human in vitro cell-based assays. 
 PRA023 has been engineered to remove the potential for the mAb to induce an immune response. In non-good laboratory practice (GLP) cell-based in vitro assays, PRA023 treatment did not lead to complement- or cell-mediated cytotoxicity or to cytokine release from peripheral blood cells thus indicating that it was not provoking an undesired immune response. 
 9 

In a non-GLP tolerability and pharmacokinetic (PK) study, cynomolgus monkeys (1/sex/group) were administered PRA023 IV at 30, 100 and 243 mg/kg/week on Days 1 and 8 and subsequently followed for approximately 11 weeks to assess systemic exposure of PRA023. There were no PRA023-related clinical observations or changes in body weight, clinical chemistry, or hematology parameters. PK measurements suggested that PRA023 has a half-life of 5 to 11 days in cynomolgus monkeys, which is consistent with human IgG1 in this species. 
 Six-week and 6-month Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) repeat-dose toxicity studies were conducted in cynomolgus monkeys with a 6-week recovery period. In the 6-month toxicity study, PRA023 was administered to monkeys once weekly via IV injection for up to 6 months. The no observed adverse effect level (NOAEL) in the 6-month study was 300 mg/kg/week (the highest dose tested). No PRA023-related mortality or clinical signs were observed, and no body weight, food consumption, clinal pathology (hematology, clinical chemistry, coagulation, urinalysis), ECG, ophthalmic, neurobehavioral, body temperature, respirator, organ weight, or macroscopic or microscopic changes were observed at the end of the dosing or recovery phases after six months of repeat dosing in monkeys. No PRA023-related effects were noted in lymphocyte subsets. All animals mounted a robust anti-KLH IgG and IgM response, suggesting an intact humoral immunity. 
 After IV administration of PRA023 to monkeys in the 6-week repeat-dose toxicity study, findings that were secondary to generation of ADA and immune complex deposition in response to administration of a foreign protein (humanized monoclonal antibody) to immunocompetent animals were observed (including the death of one low dose animal). Similar findings were not observed in the 6-month monkey toxicity study using the same dosing regimen and dose levels, confirming that the findings in the 6-week repeat-dose toxicity study were secondary to ADA formation and not directly related to the mechanism of action of PRA023. 
 PRA023 for the Treatment of Immune-Mediated Diseases Beyond IBD 
 We believe PRA023 has the potential to be a differentiated therapy for patients suffering from various immune-mediated diseases, beyond IBD, due to PRA023 s unique dual mechanism including both anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects. The TL1A-DR3 pathway is known to broadly modulate multiple immune cell types and pathways, in addition to having a direct effect on fibroblasts proliferation and differentiation. 
 Systemic Sclerosis-associated Interstitial Lung Disease (SSc-ILD) 
 Systemic sclerosis, also called scleroderma, is an inflammatory autoimmune disease that causes fibrosis, or scarring/hardening, of skin and internal organs. It is not known what causes scleroderma, but this orphan disease affects more than 100,000 people in the United States and 80,000 people in Europe, with limited treatment options. More than half of scleroderma patients suffer from interstitial lung disease (ILD), a condition characterized by fibrosis and loss of function of the lungs. This syndrome is termed systemic sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD), and it is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in scleroderma, accounting for one third of deaths. SSc-ILD tends to present as nonspecific interstitial pneumonia, which implies a mixed pathogenesis of inflammation and fibrosis. 
 SSc-ILD is progressive in most patients and is thought to be largely irreversible. As a result, stabilization has historically been the goal of therapy. Immunosuppressive therapies are prescribed off-label and may provide some relief without specific approval for this indication. In the past two years, two biologics were approved for SSc-ILD, but these only modestly slow the rate of decline in lung function and neither of these therapies has led to meaningful benefits for disease modification as measured using skin thickness scoring, dyspnea, general quality of life or survival. 
 We believe SSc-ILD is a compelling third indication for PRA023. TL1A inhibition has a unique dual mechanism with both anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects and SSc-ILD is a disease of inflammation and fibrosis with a pathophysiology that implicates many pathways modulated by TL1A-DR3 interactions. Blocking TL1A has been linked to reductions in Th1, Th17 and Th2 immune responses, while also modulating key pro-fibrotic and pro-inflammatory cytokine such as IL-13 and TGF- . In addition to their roles in driving inflammation, TL1A and DR3 have also been implicated in driving fibrosis by direct signaling in fibroblasts, even in the absence of a fully functional immune system, leading to collagen disposition and fibrosis. 
 A causal link between the TL1A-DR3 axis and fibrosis has been demonstrated in mouse models of lung fibrosis. Specifically, DR3 deficiency or TL1A blockade was sufficient to significantly ameliorate fibrotic lung remodeling in bleomycin and dust-mite antigen models. Additionally, direct instillation of recombinant TL1A into the lungs of mice initiated rapid onset of fibrosis and smooth muscle cell proliferation in a DR3-dependent manner. Primary human lung fibroblasts and bronchial epithelial cells express the TL1A receptor, DR3, and respond to recombinant TL1A in vitro by proliferating, expressing smooth muscle actin, and secreting extracellular matrix proteins, collagen, and periostin. Serum TL1A levels were higher in patients with systemic sclerosis than in healthy controls (p = 0.001) and TL1A mRNA expression in PBMCs was significantly higher in patients with systemic sclerosis compared with healthy controls (p 
 10 

PRA023 for SSc-ILD 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial for PRA023 in SSc-ILD (ATHENA-SSc-ILD). The ATHENA-SSc-ILD is designed to enroll approximately 100 patients who will be randomized 1:1 to either the active or placebo arm. The primary endpoint of the trial will be the change in forced vital capacity (FVC) at 50 weeks. Secondary endpoints will include change in quantitative interstitial lung disease by centrally-read high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) and improvement in the American College of Rheumatology Combined Response Index in Diffuse SSc (ACR-CRISS) score. We also plan to evaluate a variety of patient reported outcomes for dyspnea, disability, effects of skin thickening, and bowel function. This trial will also assess the performance of our diagnostic candidate for PRA023. Topline results from ATHENA-SSc-ILD are expected in the first half of 2024. 
 In January 2022, we announced that the FDA granted fast track designation for PRA023 for the treatment of SSc-ILD. Fast track designation aims to expedite the development and review process for new therapeutics that are intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions and potentially address an unmet medical need. Drug candidates that are granted this designation are given the opportunity for more frequent interactions with the FDA, as well as potential pathways for expedited review and approval. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect intellectual property and other proprietary rights for our current and future product therapeutic and diagnostic candidates, novel discoveries, product development technologies, patient enrichment strategies and diagnostics, and know-how, to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing or exclusively in-licensing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing of intellectual property to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 As for the therapeutic product candidates we are developing and seeking to commercialize, we intend to pursue composition and therapeutic method of use patents, dosage formulation patents, and therapeutic use patents on novel indications. For our therapeutic product candidates that are biologics, and more particularly monoclonal antibodies, we also intend to seek protection for epitopes, amino acid and nucleotide sequences, and other claims conventionally used to protect aspects of therapeutic biological agents. As for diagnostic and prognostic product candidates and therapeutic product candidates, we intend to pursue methods of use patents on novel patient selection methods for our therapeutic candidates and known compounds, and novel patient stratification criteria useful in the prognosis or diagnosis of disease. We may also pursue patents with respect to our proprietary screening and drug development processes and technology. We may also seek patent protection, either alone or jointly with our collaborators, as our collaboration agreements may dictate. 
 Our patent portfolio as of February 17, 2023 includes approximately 22 issued U.S. patents, 31 pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications and 26 pending U.S. provisional patent applications with claims relating to our diagnostic, prognostic, or therapeutic product candidates, all of which are owned or in-licensed by us. We own or co-own 5 of the issued U.S. patents and own or co-own approximately 9 of the pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications. We license approximately 21 of the issued U.S. patents, as well as 28 of the pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications. Our patent portfolio as of February 17, 2023 also includes approximately 11 pending Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) applications and certain foreign counterparts of the aforementioned U.S. patents and U.S. patent applications in at least one of the following foreign countries or regions: Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, South Korea, and Taiwan and countries within the European Patent Convention and Eurasia with claims relating to our diagnostic, prognostic, or therapeutic product candidates. 
 With respect to our lead therapeutic product candidate, PRA023, we own and/or license four issued U.S. patents, four pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, seven pending U.S. provisional patent applications, and four pending PCT applications in fourteen different patent families relating to the composition of PRA023 and/or its therapeutic use, as well as one issued U.S. patent, two pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, three pending U.S. provisional patent applications, and one pending PCT applications in three different patent families related to the diagnostic for PRA023. In addition, our patent portfolio directed to the composition of PRA023 and its diagnostic includes foreign counterparts in foreign countries or regions, including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Israel, India, Mexico, South Africa, Chile, United Kingdom, Colombia, Egypt, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Kuwait, Taiwan, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Brunei, Canada, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Korea, China, Indonesia, New Zealand, Venezuela, as well as countries within the European Patent Convention and Eurasian Patent Organization. As of February 17, 2023, we expect the expiry dates for the issued U.S. patents for the composition of PRA023 to be 2037 for the first patent family, 2039 for the second patent family, 2040 for the third family, and 2042 for the fourth family, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees. 
 11 

As of February 17, 2023, we own and/or license one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application and two pending U.S. provisional patent applications related to the composition of PRA052 and its therapeutic use, and we co-own and license one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application and four U.S. provisional patent applications related to patient selection for our PRA052 program. In addition, our non-U.S. patent portfolio directed to the composition of PRA052 or patient selection for PRA052 includes one pending PCT application and foreign counterparts of the aforementioned U.S. patent application in foreign countries or regions, including Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea, and Taiwan, as well as countries within the European Patent Convention. As of February 17, 2023, we expect the U.S. non-provisional patent application related to the composition of PRA052 and its therapeutic use, if issued, to expire no earlier than 2042, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees. 
 Provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing of one or more of our related provisional patent applications. Moreover, PCT patent applications are not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file one or more national stage patent applications within, depending on the country, 30 to 32 months of the PCT application s priority date in the countries in which we seek patent protection. If we do not timely file any non-provisional patent applications or national stage patent applications, we may lose our priority date with respect to our provisional patent applications or PCT patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications and national stage patent applications relating to our PCT patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 Individual issued patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, utility patents issued for applications filed in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of a non-provisional patent application. The term of a patent, and the protection it affords, is therefore limited and once the patent term of our issued patents have expired, we may face competition, including from other competing technologies. Because of the extensive time required for clinical development and regulatory review of a drug we may develop, it is possible that, before any of our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of any such patent. 
 In addition, in certain instances, a U.S. patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period or delay by the USPTO in issuing the patent. However, with respect to patent term extensions granted as a result of the FDA regulatory review period, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years, the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval, only one patent applicable to each regulatory review period may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug or a method for using it may be extended. We may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. There can be no assurance that we will benefit from any patent term extension or favorable adjustment to the term of any of our patents. 
 The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product by product basis, from country to country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, third parties, including our competitors, may be able to use our technologies to produce and market drugs or diagnostic and/or prognostic products in direct competition with us and erode our competitive advantage. The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical products and processes like those we may develop and commercialize are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions that may diminish our ability to protect our intellectual property. For more information regarding risks related to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Rapidly evolving patent laws in the United States and elsewhere make it difficult to predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents. Moreover, patent offices in general can require that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology-related inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we are able to obtain patents, the patents may be substantially narrower than anticipated. 
 Our ability to maintain and defend our intellectual property and proprietary position for our products, product candidates and other technologies will depend on our success in obtaining effective claims and enforcing those claims once granted. We do not know 
 12 

whether any of the patent applications that we may file or license from third parties will result in the issuance of any patents. The issued patents that we own, may receive in the future, or license from third parties may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, narrowed or circumvented, and the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages against third parties, including our competitors, with similar technology. Furthermore, third parties, including our competitors, may be able to independently develop and commercialize similar drugs or products, or duplicate our technology, business model or strategy without infringing our patents. 
 Trade Secrets 
 We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop, protect and maintain our competitive position and aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not presently consider appropriate for, patent protection and prevent competitors from reverse engineering or copying our technologies. However, the foregoing rights are difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have confidentiality agreements or invention assignment agreements with our commercial partners and selected consultants. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. There can be no assurance that these agreements will be self-executing or otherwise provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other intellectual property or proprietary information. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by third parties, including our competitors. To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. For more information regarding risks related to our trade secrets, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement Overview 
 Our Collaboration with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center 
 In September 2017, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Cedars-Sinai, as amended and restated (the Cedars-Sinai Agreement) that grants us an exclusive, worldwide license from Cedars-Sinai with respect to certain patent rights, information and materials related to therapeutic targets and diagnostic product candidates for the diagnosis and treatment of IBD and other immune-mediated diseases, in each case to conduct research and development, as well as to commercialize diagnostic or therapeutic products (Cedars-Sinai Products) that are covered by the patents or that are developed through use of the licensed rights. As upfront consideration for the original license agreement, we issued to Cedars-Sinai 257,500 shares of fully vested common stock and 335,000 shares of restricted common stock, which shares fully vested in September 2020. We are obligated to pay Cedars-Sinai low- to mid-single digit percentage royalties on net sales of therapeutic and diagnostic Cedars-Sinai Products. In August 2021, we amended and restated the Cedars-Sinai Agreement to, among other things, add a joint steering committee and cover new intellectual property. 
 The technology subject to the foregoing license includes information and materials arising out of the Cedars-Sinai database and biobank, as well as exclusive access to this database and biobank to develop diagnostic and therapeutic products for human use, which biobank is an integral part of our Prometheus360 platform. All of our current pipeline programs and any related diagnostic candidates are all covered as Cedars-Sinai Products under the agreement, to the extent covered by the licensed patents or developed through the licensed rights. We were also granted an exclusive first right to negotiate with Cedars-Sinai to obtain exclusive licenses to future patent rights claiming inventions invented by certain Cedars-Sinai employees after the effective date of the agreement through any use of the patent rights and technology licensed to us by Cedars-Sinai. We have the right to sublicense our rights under the license agreement, subject to certain conditions. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize Cedars-Sinai Products and to achieve certain development and regulatory milestones. 
 The term of, and our royalty obligations under, the license agreement expires on a licensed Cedars-Sinai Product-by-Cedars-Sinai Product and country-by-country basis on the later of ten years from the date of first commercial sale or when there is no longer a valid patent covering such licensed Cedars-Sinai Product in such country. As of February 17, 2023, the estimated expiry date for the latest to expire valid patent will be July 2043, if issued. We may terminate the agreement in the event that we determine that it would not be commercially reasonable to continue to develop and/or commercialize Cedars-Sinai Products. Cedars-Sinai may terminate the agreement if the performance by either party would jeopardize Cedars-Sinai s legal status or is illegal or unethical. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement in the event of an uncured material breach by the other party. The agreement will terminate automatically in the event of our bankruptcy. Upon termination of the agreement for any reason all rights and licenses granted to us under the agreement will terminate. 
 Our Collaboration with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH 
 13 

In July 2020, we entered into a co-development and manufacturing agreement (the Falk Agreement) with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH (Falk), pursuant to which we will co-develop and commercialize, exclusively in our respective territories, our PR052 therapeutic product candidate and related diagnostic candidate. Under the Falk Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct such development activities under an agreed development plan and we are responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the United States and the rest of the world, other than the Falk territory. Falk is responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, the countries of the European Economic Area (excluding Malta and the Republic of Cyprus), Australia and New Zealand (Falk territory). Under the agreement, Falk agreed to fund 25 of our third-party development costs set forth in the development plan. 
 Under the agreement, Falk paid us an upfront payment following our mutual agreement on the development plan and milestone payments upon the selection of a clinical candidate for our PRA052 program and upon our development of a diagnostic candidate for the PRA052 program. Falk is also obligated to pay us a mid-single to low-double digit royalty on net sales of all products incorporating antibodies covered by the agreement in the Falk territory. We agreed to pay Falk a low-single digit royalty on net sales for such products in our territory. Any intellectual property, including know-how, owned by us, Falk, or our respective affiliates that existed prior to the effective date of the agreement or is generated during the term of the agreement, that is also necessary or useful to develop, manufacture, or commercialize the compounds and/or products that result from the collaboration, are jointly owned by us and Falk at a share of 75 for us and a 25 for Falk. 
 The term of, and our respective royalty obligations under, the agreement expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the later of (i) ten years from the date of first commercial sale, (ii) when there is no longer a valid patent covering a product in such country, or (iii) expiration of any applicable regulatory exclusivity for such product. As of February 17, 2023, the estimated expiry date for the latest to expire valid patent will be July 2043, if issued. Falk may terminate the agreement without cause, and either party may terminate the agreement for regulatory or scientific reasons. In the event of such termination, all licenses granted to the terminating party will cease and be transferred to the non-terminating party, and such non-terminating party will have access to the know-how and any other intellectual property controlled by the terminating party, if in existence as of the effective date of the agreement or during the term of the agreement, provided the know-how and other intellectual property is necessary or useful to develop, manufacture, or commercialize the therapeutic candidates under the PRA052 program, subject to the obligation to pay the applicable royalties to the terminating party. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement in the event of an uncured material breach by, or bankruptcy of, the other party. In the event of such termination, the terminating party has the option to purchase the non-terminating party s ownership share of any jointly owned intellectual property at a fair market price. Additionally, in the event of such termination for uncured material breach or bankruptcy: all rights of the terminating party granted under the agreement will be maintained and extended as required to develop, manufacture and commercialize the compounds and/or products that result from the collaboration for the remainder of the term, while any licenses granted to the non-terminating party shall terminate upon the effective date of termination and the obligation of each party to co-fund development will remain unaffected. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and related raw materials, including our autoinjector, for preclinical and clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval. We believe there are multiple sources for all of the materials required for the manufacture of our product candidates and development programs. As our product candidates advance through development, we expect to enter into longer-term commercial supply agreements with key suppliers and manufacturers to fulfill and secure our production needs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We believe that we can maximize the value of our products by retaining substantial commercialization rights to our therapeutic and diagnostic product candidates. As we progress PRA023 and other development programs through clinical development, we will leverage the knowledge and experience of our commercial team and company brand awareness to prepare for and implement a potential product launch. We may also explore and evaluate entering into strategic collaborations for specific therapeutic indications or geographic territories in order to maximize the value of PRA023 and our product candidates. 
 We have global commercial rights to PRA023 and our diagnostic candidate. Our current commercial strategy is to market PRA023 and the diagnostic candidate using a dedicated sales force focused on selected gastroenterologists, rheumatologists, and other physicians in the United States. These target prescribers are typically affiliated with leading hospitals and medical centers and tend to have well-established referral networks. We expect to benefit from preexisting relationships with many of these prescribers and believe that we can appropriately manage outreach and effectively commercialize PRA023 through a specialty care sales model. We retain rights similar to those for PRA023 for each of our unpartnered programs. For PRA052, which is subject to the Falk collaboration, we have exclusively outlicensed commercialization rights to Falk in Europe, Australia and New Zealand. However, we 
 14 

retain commercial rights to our PRA052 program in the United States and the rest of the world and plan to take a similar commercialization approach as with PRA023, if approved. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our scientific knowledge, technology and development experience, our Prometheus360 platform and our pioneering culture provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any therapeutic candidates and diagnostics that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing products and new products that may become available in the future. 
 Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize therapeutic products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, or diagnostics that are more effective, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products, including biosimilars. 
 The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our therapeutic product candidates if approved, are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the level competition, intellectual property protection and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 
 If approved for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe IBD, PRA023 and our other development programs would compete with Entyvio, which is an a4b7 integrin antibody marketed by Takeda, Humira, which is a TNF antibody marketed by AbbVie Inc., Remicade, which is a TNF antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, Stelara, which is an IL-12/IL-23 antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, Xeljanz, which is a JAK1 inhibitor marketed by Pfizer Inc., Simponi, which is a TNF antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, and Zeposia, which is a S1P inhibitor marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. 
 We are aware of several companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of patients with UC and/or CD, including but not limited to Roivant Sciences RVT-3101 (formerly Pfizer Inc. s PF-06480605), which is an anti-TL1A antibody being developed in Phase 2 clinical trials, Rinvoq, which is a JAK1 inhibitor being developed in Phase 3 clinical trials by AbbVie Inc., and mirikizumab, which is an anti-IL-23 antibody being developed in Phase 3 clinical trials by Eli Lilly and Company. We are also aware of additional product candidates in clinical trials by AbbVie Inc., Abivax S.A., Amgen Inc., Applied Molecular Transport Inc., Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP, Bausch Health Companies, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, C.H. Boehringer Sohn AG Ko. KG, EA Pharma Co., Ltd., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gossamer Bio, Inc., Johnson Johnson, Landos Biopharma, Inc., Morphic Holding, Inc., Merck Co. Inc., Novartis International AG, Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., RedHill Biopharma Ltd., Seres Therapeutics, Inc., and Ventyx Biosciences, Inc. In addition, biosimilars of Humira, Stelara and Entyvio are expected in coming years and will provide cost-effective alternatives within the biologic class. 
 If approved for the treatment of patients with SSc-ILD, PRA023 would compete with Ofev, which is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor marketed by Boehringer Ingelheim AG and Actemra, which is an IL-6 antibody marketed by F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG. We are aware of several companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of patients for SSc-ILD, including but not limited to Castle Creek Biosciences, Inc., Certa Therapeutics Pty Ltd., Chemomab Therapeutics Ltd., Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc., Emerald Health Pharmaceuticals Inc., Forbius PTY Limited, GlaxoSmithKline plc., Horizon Therapeutics plc, Incyte Corporation, Johnson Johnson, Kyowa Kirin plc, Merck Co., Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Sanofi S.A., and Seagen, Inc. 
 Government Regulation 
 15 

Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, pricing, and export and import of diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical products such as those we are currently marketing and developing. The process of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 U.S. Regulation of Diagnostic Tests and other Medical Devices 
 In the United States, the laws and regulations governing the marketing of diagnostic products are evolving, extremely complex, and in many instances, there are no significant regulatory or judicial interpretations of these laws and regulations. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) defines a medical device to include any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component part, or accessory, intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals. Among other things, pursuant to the FDCA and its implementing regulations, the FDA regulates the research, testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, premarket clearance or approval, marketing and promotion and sales and distribution of medical devices in the United States to ensure that medical products distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. 
 PMA Pathway 
 We are developing diagnostic candidates designed to be used in connection with our therapeutic product candidates, if approved. Diagnostic products are regulated by the FDA as medical devices. The FDA categorizes medical devices into one of three classes Class I, II, or III based on the risks presented by the device and the regulatory controls necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s General Controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the applicable portions of the Quality System Regulation (QSR) facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Class II devices are subject to the FDA s General Controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Special controls are established by the FDA for a specific device type and often include specific labeling provisions, performance metrics, and other types of controls that mitigate risks of the device (usually incorrect results for an in-vitro diagnostic device (IVD)). Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring approval of an application for premarket approval (PMA). Some pre-amendment devices are unclassified, but are subject to the FDA s premarket notification and clearance process in order to be commercially distributed. 
 Class III devices generally require PMA approval before they can be marketed. Obtaining PMA approval requires the submission of valid scientific evidence to the FDA to support a finding of a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device. A PMA must provide complete analytical and clinical performance data and also information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its review of a PMA, although in practice, FDA s review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. An advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel s recommendation. As part of the FDA s review of a PMA, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer s facilities for compliance with QSR requirements, which impose requirements related to design controls, manufacturing controls, documentation and other quality assurance procedures. The user fee costs and the length of FDA review time for obtaining PMA approval are significantly higher than for a 510(k) notification or a de novo classification. 
 The FDA will approve the new device for commercial distribution if it determines that the data and information in the PMA constitute valid scientific evidence and that there is reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). The FDA may approve a PMA with post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients in the clinical study that supported PMA approval or requirements to conduct additional clinical studies post-approval. The FDA may condition PMA approval on some form of post-market surveillance when deemed necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and efficacy data for the device in a larger population or for a longer period of use. In such cases, the manufacturer might be required to follow certain patient groups for a number of years and to make periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can result in material adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval. 
 16 

Certain changes to an approved device, such as changes in manufacturing facilities, methods, or quality control procedures, or changes in the design performance specifications, which affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement. PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as a PMA, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by the original PMA and may not require as extensive clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. Certain other changes to an approved device require the submission of a new PMA, such as when the design change causes a different intended use, mode of operation, and technical basis of operation, or when the design change is so significant that a new generation of the device will be developed, and the data that were submitted with the original PMA are not applicable for the change in demonstrating a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. 
 We expect that any companion diagnostic candidates we develop, either alone or in collaboration with third parties, will require approval of a PMA before they can be marketed for use with a therapeutic product. 
 510(k) Notification Pathway 
 To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit a premarket notification demonstrating to the FDA s satisfaction that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed device that itself does not require PMA approval (a predicate device). A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval, i.e., a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to twelve months, but often takes longer. FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. In addition, the FDA collects user fees for certain medical device submissions and annual fees and for medical device establishments. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a lawfully marketed predicate device, it will grant 510(k) clearance to authorize the device for commercialization. If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a previously cleared device, the device is automatically designated as a Class III device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements, or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, discussed below. 
 After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k) or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. Many minor modifications are accomplished by a letter to file in which the manufacturer documents the rationale for the change and why a new 510(k) is not required. However, if the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approval is obtained. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 Over the last several years, the FDA has proposed reforms to its 510(k) clearance process, and such proposals could include increased requirements for clinical data and a longer review period, or could make it more difficult for manufacturers to utilize the 510(k) clearance process for their products. For example, in November 2018, FDA officials announced steps that the FDA intended to take to modernize the premarket notification pathway under Section 510(k) of the FDCA. Among other things, the FDA announced that it planned to develop proposals to drive manufacturers utilizing the 510(k) pathway toward the use of newer predicates. These proposals included plans to potentially sunset certain older devices that were used as predicates under the 510(k) clearance pathway, and to potentially publish a list of devices that have been cleared on the basis of demonstrated substantial equivalence to predicate devices that are more than 10 years old. 
 These proposals have not yet been finalized or adopted, and the FDA may work with Congress to implement such proposals through legislation. More recently, in September 2019, the FDA published revised final guidance outlining an optional safety and performance based premarket review pathway for manufacturers of well-understood device types to demonstrate substantial equivalence under the 510(k) clearance pathway, by demonstrating that such device meets objective safety and performance criteria established by the FDA, obviating the need for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. The FDA maintains a list of device types appropriate for the safety and performance based pathway and has continued to develop product-specific guidance documents that identify the performance criteria for each such device type, as well as recommended the testing methods for such devices where feasible. 
 If no legally marketed predicate can be identified for a new device to enable use of the 510(k) pathway, the device is automatically classified under the FDCA into Class III, which generally requires PMA approval. However, the FDA can reclassify or seek de novo classification for a device that meets the FDCA standards for a Class I or Class II device, permitting the device to be marketed without PMA approval. To grant such a reclassification, the FDA must determine that the FDCA s general controls alone, or general controls 
 17 

and special controls together, are sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness. The de novo classification route is generally less burdensome than the PMA approval process. 
 De Novo Classification 
 Medical device types that the FDA has not previously classified as Class I, II or III are automatically classified under the FDCA into Class III regardless of the level of risk they pose. The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 established a route to market for low to moderate risk medical devices that are automatically placed into Class III due to the absence of a predicate device, called the Request for Evaluation of Automatic Class III Designation, or the de novo classification procedure. This procedure allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its medical device into Class I or Class II on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, rather than requiring the submission and approval of a PMA application. Prior to the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012 (FDASIA) a medical device could be eligible for de novo classification only if the manufacturer first submitted a 510(k) premarket notification and received a determination from the FDA that the device was not substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device. FDASIA streamlined the de novo classification pathway by permitting manufacturers to request de novo classification directly without first submitting a 510(k) premarket notification to the FDA and receiving a not substantially equivalent determination. If the manufacturer seeks reclassification into Class II, the manufacturer must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. In addition, the FDA may reject the request if it identifies a legally marketed predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) notification, determines that the device is not low to moderate risk, or that general controls would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot be developed. After a device receives de novo classification, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or efficacy, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, another de novo request or even PMA approval. 
 Investigational Device Exemption Process. 
 Clinical trials are almost always required to support a PMA and are sometimes required to support a 510(k) submission. All clinical investigations of investigational devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s IDE regulations which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk to human health, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. A significant risk device is one that presents a potential for serious risk to the health, safety or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting or sustaining human life, substantially important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating disease or otherwise preventing impairment of human health, or otherwise presents a potential for serious risk to a subject. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA notifies the company that the investigation may not begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE for which it requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. 
 In addition, the study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board (IRB) for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the IDE, and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of the study. If an IDE application is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a specific number of investigational sites with a specific number of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate approval from the FDA, but must still follow abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. Acceptance of an IDE application for review does not guarantee that the FDA will allow the IDE to become effective and, if it does become effective, the FDA may or may not determine that the data derived from the trials support the safety and effectiveness of the device or warrant the continuation of clinical trials. An IDE supplement must be submitted to, and approved by, the FDA before a sponsor or investigator may make a change to the investigational plan that may affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights, safety or welfare of human subjects. 
 During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping, and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to FDA regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Additionally, after a trial begins, we, the FDA or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. 
 18 

Expedited Development and Review Programs for Medical Devices 
 Through recent federal legislation, the FDA has implemented a Breakthrough Devices Program, which is a voluntary program offering manufacturers of certain devices an opportunity to interact with the FDA more frequently and efficiently as they develop their products with the goal of expediting commercialization of such products to help patients have more timely access. The program is available to medical devices that meet certain eligibility criteria, including that the device provides more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions, and constitutes a device (i) that represents a breakthrough technology, (ii) for which no approved or cleared alternatives exist, (iii) that offer significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives, or (iv) the availability of which is in the best interest of patients. Devices granted Breakthrough Device designation are eligible to rely on certain features of the Breakthrough Device Program, including interactive and timely communications with FDA staff, use of post-market data collection, when scientifically appropriate, to facilitate expedited and efficient development and review of the device, opportunities for efficient and flexible clinical study design and priority review of premarket submissions. 
 Postmarket Regulation of Medical Devices 
 After a device is cleared or approved by the FDA for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 
 establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; 

QSR requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 

labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of off-label uses of cleared or approved products; 

requirements related to promotional activities; 

clearance or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of cleared devices, or approval of certain modifications to PMA-approved devices; 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 

correction, removal and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; 

The FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; and 

post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

Device manufacturing processes subject to FDA oversight are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and the facilities and controls for the design, manufacture, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, distribution, installation and servicing of finished devices intended for human use. The QSR also requires, among other things, maintenance of a device master file, device history file, and complaint files. Manufacturers are subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by the FDA. A failure to maintain compliance with the QSR requirements could result in the shut-down of, or restrictions on, manufacturing operations and the recall or seizure of products. The discovery of previously unknown problems with products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of increasing severity or frequency, whether resulting from the use of the device within the scope of its clearance or off-label by a physician in the practice of medicine, could result in restrictions on the device, including the removal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls. 
 The FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement powers. If the FDA determines that a manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or enforcement actions, including the following: 
 issuance of warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

requesting or requiring recalls, withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

imposing operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

19 

refusing or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; 

refusal to grant export approvals for our products; or 

criminal prosecution. 

Regulation of Companion Diagnostics 
 If safe and effective use of a therapeutic depends on an IVD, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. In August 2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that will apply to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion diagnostics. According to the guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic device is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic product or new therapeutic product indication if the companion diagnostic device is not approved or cleared for that indication. Approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device will ensure that the device has been adequately evaluated and has adequate performance characteristics in the intended population. The review of in vitro companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of our therapeutic product candidates will, therefore, likely involve coordination of review by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research or the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluations and Research and the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health. 
 U.S. Regulation of Drugs and Biologics 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the FDCA, and its implementing regulations, and biologics under the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act and its implementing regulations. FDA approval is required before any new unapproved drug or dosage form, including a new use of a previously approved drug, can be marketed in the United States. Drugs and biologics are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, all performed in accordance with GLP regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin and must be updated annually; 

approval by an independent institutional review board (IRB) or ethics committee representing each clinical site before each clinical study may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies in accordance with good clinical practice (GCP) requirements to establish the safety and efficacy, or with respect to biologics, the safety, purity and potency of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 

preparation of and submission to the FDA of a new drug application (NDA) or biologics license application (BLA) after completion of all pivotal clinical studies; 

potential review of the product application by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate and if applicable; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities where the proposed product drug substance is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) and audits of selected clinical trial sites to ensure compliance with GCP; and 

FDA review and approval of an NDA or BLA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol or protocols for preclinical studies and clinical trials. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, PK, pharmacology and PD characteristics of the product, chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) information, and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 20 

Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP, which includes the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. While the IND is active, progress reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies performed since the last progress report, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, findings from animal or in vitro testing suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, and any clinically important increased rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and clinical study results to public registries. 
 The clinical investigation of a drug is generally divided into three phases. Although the phases are usually conducted sequentially, they may overlap or be combined. 
 Phase 1. The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2. The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3. The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may condition approval of an NDA or BLA for a product candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical studies after approval. In other cases, a sponsor may voluntarily conduct additional clinical studies after approval to gain more information about the drug. Such post-approval studies are typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical studies. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product, or for biologics, the safety, purity and potency. 
 NDA and BLA Review Process 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The NDA or BLA must include all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical studies and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s CMC and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of the product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated and sponsored by investigators. The submission of an NDA or BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 21 

In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), an NDA or BLA or supplement to an NDA or BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the biological product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDASIA requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug or biological product that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial pediatric study plan within sixty days after an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and FDA. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any biological product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews the submitted BLA or NDA to determine if the application is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any NDA or BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once an NDA or BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process may also be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether its manufacturing is sufficient to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. When reviewing an NDA or BLA, the FDA may convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response letter will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the NDA or BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the Complete Response letter without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the Complete Response letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the NDA or BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an NDA or BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the NDA or BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 Regulation of Combination Products 
 Certain therapeutic products are comprised of multiple components, such as drug components and device components, that would normally be subject to different regulatory frameworks by the FDA and frequently regulated by different centers at the FDA. These products are known as combination products. Under the FDCA, the FDA is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a combination product. The determination of which center will be the lead center is based on the primary mode of action of the combination product. Thus, if the primary mode of action of a drug-device combination product is attributable to the drug product, the FDA center responsible for premarket review of the drug product would have primary jurisdiction 
 22 

for the combination product. The FDA has also established the Office of Combination Products to address issues surrounding combination products and provide more certainty to the regulatory review process. That office serves as a focal point for combination product issues for agency reviewers and industry. It is also responsible for developing guidance and regulations to clarify the regulation of combination products, and for assignment of the FDA center that has primary jurisdiction for review of combination products where the jurisdiction is unclear or in dispute. A combination product with a primary mode of action attributable to the drug or biologic component generally would be reviewed and approved pursuant to the drug approval processes set forth in the FDCA. In reviewing the NDA for such a product, however, FDA reviewers would consult with their counterparts in the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health to ensure that the device component of the combination product met applicable requirements regarding safety, effectiveness, durability and performance. In addition, under FDA regulations, combination products are subject to cGMP requirements applicable to both drugs and devices, including the QSR applicable to medical devices. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs for Drugs and Biologics 
 The FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. The fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing product candidates that meet certain criteria. Specifically, product candidates are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA or BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA or BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA or BLA. 
 A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. 
 Any marketing application for a drug or biologic submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. An NDA or BLA is eligible for priority review if the product candidate has the potential to provide a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition. For new-molecular-entity NDAs and original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). 
 Additionally, product candidates studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled confirmatory clinical studies to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. Products receiving accelerated approval may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails to conduct the required confirmatory studies in a timely manner or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 Fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. We may explore some of these opportunities for our product candidates as appropriate. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 23 

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusive approval (or exclusivity), which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or BLA, to market the same drug or biologic for the same disease or condition for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug or biologic was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA or BLA application user fee. 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the disease or condition for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Post-Approval Requirements for Drugs and Biologics 
 Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing user fee requirements, under which the FDA assesses an annual program fee for each product identified in an approved NDA or BLA. Drug and biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMPs, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMPs and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMPs and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of a product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

24 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Drug Product Marketing Exclusivity 
 Market exclusivity provisions authorized under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. For example, the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve or even accept for review an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) or an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2), or 505(b)(2) NDA, submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovative drug or for another indication, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. 
 The FDCA alternatively provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to any preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of marketing exclusivity available in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity provides for an additional six months of marketing exclusivity attached to another period of exclusivity if a sponsor conducts clinical trials in children in response to a written request from the FDA. The issuance of a written request does not require the sponsor to undertake the described clinical trials. In addition, orphan drug exclusivity, as described above, may offer a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, except in certain circumstances. 
 Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are highly similar, or biosimilar, to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, is generally shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. A product shown to be biosimilar or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product may rely in part on the FDA s previous determination of safety and effectiveness for the reference product for approval, which can potentially reduce the cost and time required to obtain approval to market the product. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, 
 25 

purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 U.S. Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 In addition to FDA regulation of pharmaceutical products, U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations restrict business practices in the pharmaceutical industries. These laws may impact, among other things, our current and future business operations, including our clinical research activities, and constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships with healthcare providers and other parties. These laws include anti-kickback, self-referral and false claims laws, civil monetary penalties laws, and transparency laws with respect to drug pricing and payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and other licensed healthcare professionals. In addition to the federal laws summarized below, we may also be subject to similar state and local laws and regulations that may apply to business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, or by patients themselves. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws prohibit, among other things, any individual or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse-midwives) and teaching hospitals, and applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians (as defined under the statute) and their immediate family members. 
 Similar state and local laws and regulations may also restrict business practices in the pharmaceutical industry, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, or by patients themselves; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information or which require tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to physicians, other healthcare providers and entities; and state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 
 26 

Violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply may result in significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties including damages, fines, imprisonment, disgorgement, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 U.S. Coverage and Reimbursement of Drugs 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidate for which we may seek regulatory approval. Sales in the United States will depend, in part, on the availability of sufficient coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, which include government health programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE and the Veterans Administration, as well as managed care organizations and private health insurers. Prices at which we or our customers seek reimbursement for our product candidates can be subject to challenge, reduction or denial by third-party payors. 
 The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product is typically separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. In the United States, there is no uniform policy among payors for coverage or reimbursement. Decisions regarding whether to cover any of a product, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own coverage and reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval processes. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that can require manufacturers to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of a product to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product that receives approval. Third-party payors may not consider our product candidates to be medically necessary or cost-effective compared to other available therapies, or the rebate percentages required to secure favorable coverage may not yield an adequate margin over cost or may not enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in drug development. Additionally, decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product. 
 U.S. Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States, there have been, and continues to be, legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the profitable sale of product candidates. Among policy makers and payors in the United States, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 By way of example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. The ACA, among other things, increased the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 ; extended the Medicaid rebate obligation to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; implemented a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; required manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; imposed a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell certain branded prescription drugs to specified federal government programs; expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; creates a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at the CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and political challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. 
 27 

For example, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 Moreover, heightened governmental scrutiny is likely to continue over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has already resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) into law. This statute marks the most significant action by Congress with respect to the pharmaceutical industry since adoption of the ACA in 2010. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023), and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, and while the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry cannot yet be fully determined, it is likely to be significant. 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine which drugs and suppliers will be included in their healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 In order to market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in foreign countries and jurisdictions. Although many of the issues discussed above with respect to the United States apply similarly in the context of the European Union (EU), the approval process varies between countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 
 To market a medicinal product in the European Economic Area (EEA) (which is comprised of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), we must obtain a Marketing Authorization (MA). There are two types of marketing authorizations: 
 Centralized MAs are issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA and are valid throughout the EU. It is compulsory for certain types of products, such as (i) medicinal products derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) designated orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced-therapy medicinal products (ATMPs) such as gene therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and (iv) medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for any other products containing new active substances not authorized in the EU or for product candidates which constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation or for which the granting of authorization would be in the interests of public health in the EU; and 

National MAs are issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states, only cover their respective territory, and are available for product candidates not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in an EU member state, this national MA can be recognized in another member state through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any member state at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various member states through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the member states in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the reference member state. 

Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the member states of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 28 

Data and marketing exclusivity 
 In the EEA, new products authorized for marketing, or reference products, qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until 10 years have elapsed from the initial authorization of the reference product in the EU. The 10-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those 10 years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 
 Pediatric investigation plan 
 In the EEA, marketing authorization applications for new medicinal products not authorized have to include the results of studies conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (PIP) agreed with the EMA s Pediatric Committee (PDCO). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which marketing authorization is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the marketing authorization is obtained in all EU member states and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for six months supplementary protection certificate extension. 
 Clinical trials 
 Clinical trials of medicinal products in the EU must be conducted in accordance with EU and national regulations and the International Conference on Harmonization guidelines on GCPs as well as the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Additional GCP guidelines from the European Commission, focusing in particular on traceability, apply to clinical trials of ATMPs. If the sponsor of the clinical trial is not established within the EU, it must appoint an entity within the EU to act as its legal representative. The sponsor must take out a clinical trial insurance policy, and in most EU member states, the sponsor is liable to provide no fault compensation to any study subject injured in the clinical trial. 
 The regulatory landscape related to clinical trials in the EU has been subject to recent changes. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation (CTR) which was adopted in April 2014 and repeals the EU Clinical Trials Directive, became applicable on January 31, 2022. Unlike directives, the CTR is directly applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to further implement it into national law. The CTR notably harmonizes the assessment and supervision processes for clinical trials throughout the EU via a Clinical Trials Information System, which contains a centralized EU portal and database. 
 While the Clinical Trials Directive required a separate clinical trial application (CTA) to be submitted in each member state, to both the competent national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB respectively, the CTR introduces a centralized process and only requires the submission of a single application to all member states concerned. The CTR allows sponsors to make a single submission to both the competent authority and an ethics committee in each member state, leading to a single decision per member state. The CTA must include, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation. The assessment procedure of the CTA has been harmonized as well, including a joint assessment by all member states concerned, and a separate assessment by each member state with respect to specific requirements related to its own territory, including ethics rules. Each member state s decision is communicated to the sponsor via the centralized EU portal. Once the CTA is approved, clinical study development may proceed. 
 The CTR foresees a three-year transition period. The extent to which ongoing and new clinical trials will be governed by the CTR varies. For clinical trials whose CTA was made under the Clinical Trials Directive before January 31, 2022, the Clinical Trials Directive will continue to apply on a transitional basis for three years. Additionally, sponsors may still choose to submit a CTA under either the Clinical Trials Directive or the CTR until January 31, 2023 and, if authorized, those will be governed by the Clinical Trials Directive until January 31, 2025. By that date, all ongoing trials will become subject to the provisions of the CTR. 
 Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with good manufacturing practice. Other national and EU-wide regulatory requirements may also apply and compliance with these requirements is subject to inspections by competent authorities of the EU member states. 
 29 

Privacy and data protection laws 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations, and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information, including clinical trial data, and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 Employees 
 As of February 21, 2023, we had 97 full-time employees and no part-time employees. Of these employees, 71 are engaged in research and development. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, and incentivizing our management team and our clinical, scientific and other employees and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to align our interests and the interests of our stockholders with those of our employees and consultants. 
 Available Information 
 
 Our internet address is www.prometheusbiosciences.com. Our investor relations website is located at https://ir.prometheusbiosciences.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations website under SEC Filings our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, our directors and officers Section 16 reports and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing such materials to the SEC. They are also available for free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 We use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors should monitor such website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Information relating to our corporate governance is also included on our investor relations website The information in or accessible through the SEC and our website are not incorporated into, and are not considered part of, this filing. 
 30 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making a decision to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations or financial condition. In this section, we first provide a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties we face and then provide a full set of risk factors and discuss them in greater detail. 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our Business 
 The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 We have a limited operating history, have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability. 

In the near term, our ability to generate revenue will depend primarily on collaboration revenue. 

We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 

Our approach to the discovery and development of precision medicines based on our Prometheus360 TM platform is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any therapeutics or diagnostic products of commercial value, or if competing technological approaches will limit the commercial value of our product candidates and diagnostic candidates or render Prometheus360 obsolete. 

Our Enroll360 TM platform is also unproven, and we do not know whether enrolling and profiling patients into Enroll360 will translate into any improvement over traditionally slow enrollment rates or our ability to enroll patients into our future biomarker-guided clinical trials who are actually more likely to respond to our therapeutic candidates. 

We are early in our development efforts and all of our development programs are in the clinical, preclinical or discovery stage. If we are unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize product candidates and related diagnostic candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results. Our product candidates may not have favorable results in clinical trials, if any, or receive regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all. 

Any difficulties or delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

We have entered into, and may in the future seek to enter into, collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements and may not be successful in doing so, and even if we are, we may relinquish valuable rights and may not realize the benefits of such relationships. 

We rely on third parties to conduct many of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and to manufacture our product candidates, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 

We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize products may be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop may be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 

31 

We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, and our licensors may not always act in our best interest. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual property licenses, if the licenses are terminated or if disputes regarding these licenses arise, we could lose significant rights that are important to our business. 

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 We have a limited operating history, have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 The development of product candidates, including therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic tests, is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We are in the early stages of our development efforts and have only two product candidates, PRA023 and PRA052, in clinical development. We commenced operations in 2016, and to date, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing Prometheus360, discovering and identifying product candidates, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and conducting research and preclinical studies. Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates based on Prometheus360 is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any product candidates that succeed in clinical development or products of commercial value. As an organization, we have not yet successfully developed and validated a diagnostic test, obtained regulatory approvals, manufactured a commercial-scale product, or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing therapeutic products or diagnostics. 
 To date, we have only generated revenue from our diagnostic services business, Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. (PLI), which we acquired from Nestl on June 30, 2019 and spun-off in December 2020, a co-development and manufacturing agreement (the Falk Agreement) with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH (Falk) and a collaboration agreement with Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the Takeda Agreement). We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale, and we may never generate any significant revenue from product sales. Our net losses, including those generated from PLI, were 141.8 million, 90.2 million, and 37.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 331.1 million. Substantially all of our losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. All of our development programs will require substantial additional development time and resources before we would be able to apply for or receive regulatory approvals and begin generating revenue from product sales. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we anticipate these losses will increase substantially as we continue our development of, seek regulatory approval for, and potentially commercialize any of our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates. 
 To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, identifying lead product candidates, discovering additional product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We are only in the preliminary stages of most of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the biotechnology industry. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical and diagnostic product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable may have an adverse effect on the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our product candidates or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 
 The development of therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates is capital-intensive. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials for PRA023, ongoing and planned preclinical and clinical trials for PRA052, and ongoing and planned preclinical trials for our other therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, and seek regulatory approval for our current therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates and any future therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates we may develop. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our therapeutic product candidates or diagnostic candidates, we also expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Because the outcome of any preclinical study or clinical trial is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and 
 32 

commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates or diagnostic candidates. Furthermore, we expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, will enable us to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our operating plans and other demands on our cash resources may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity (including through our Open Market Sale Agreement) or debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially additional collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. Attempting to secure additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop our product candidates. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the type, number, scope, progress, expansions, results, costs and timing of discovery, preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates which we are pursuing or may choose to pursue in the future; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing for our product candidates and commercial manufacturing if any product candidate is approved; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of developing our diagnostic candidates, and the outcome of regulatory review; 

the success of our current and any future collaborations, including the timing and amount of the milestone or other payments made to us under the Falk Agreement, or any future collaboration agreements; 

the costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing patents and other intellectual property rights; 

the additional costs we may incur as a result of operating as a public company, including our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the timing and amount of payments that we must make to the licensors and other third parties from whom we have in-licensed intellectual property rights related to Prometheus360 and products and product candidates; 

the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as our preclinical and clinical activities increase; 

the costs and timing of maintaining our sales and marketing capabilities and any expansion thereof, including if any product candidate is approved; 

our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products or related diagnostics; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; and 

costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 

Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our therapeutic commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. 
 Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies, product candidates or testing products. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential additional collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Any future debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, selling or licensing our assets, 
 33 

making capital expenditures, declaring dividends or encumbering our assets to secure future indebtedness. Such restrictions could adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business plan. 
 If we raise additional funds through future collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, research programs, product candidates, Prometheus360 or diagnostic candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or that may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed or on terms acceptable to us, we would be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates or testing products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates, including our Therapeutic Product Candidates and Diagnostic Candidates 
 Our approach to the discovery and development of precision medicines based on Prometheus360 is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any therapeutics or diagnostic products of commercial value, or if competing technological approaches will limit the commercial value of our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates or render Prometheus360 obsolete. 
 We have concentrated our therapeutic product research and development efforts on the application of precision medicine to the treatment and diagnosis of IBD and other immune-mediated diseases, and our future success depends on the successful development of products based on Prometheus360 and the continued development of this platform. However, neither we nor any other company has received regulatory approval to market therapeutics targeting specific subpopulations of IBD patients. The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize precision medicine products based on Prometheus360, which leverages a novel and unproven approach of applying data analytics and machine learning to the thousands of samples available to us through the biobank we license from Cedars-Sinai. We have not yet succeeded and may not succeed in demonstrating safety and efficacy for any product candidates in clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approval thereafter. Our research methodology and novel approach to precision medicine for IBD and other immune-mediated diseases may be unsuccessful in identifying additional therapeutic product candidates, and any therapeutic product candidates discovered using Prometheus360 may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may necessitate additional clinical testing, or make the therapeutic product candidates unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. Further, because all of our therapeutic product candidates and development programs utilize Prometheus360, adverse developments with respect to one of our programs may have a significant adverse impact on the actual or perceived likelihood of success and value of our other programs. 
 In addition, the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with Prometheus360, which relies on our ability to access the biobank owned and controlled by Cedars-Sinai as well as to maintain our exclusive license with Cedars-Sinai. If access to the biobank is lost or limited, it may materially and adversely affect our ability to create and develop therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates and to compete effectively. Our competitors may render our approach obsolete, or limit the commercial value of our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, by advances in existing technological approaches or the development of new or different approaches, potentially eliminating the advantages in our drug discovery process that we believe we derive from our research approach and proprietary technologies. By contrast, adverse developments with respect to other companies that attempt to use a similar approach to our approach may adversely impact the actual or perceived value of Prometheus360 and potential of our product candidates. If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 We are early in our development efforts and have only two product candidates in clinical development. All of our other development programs are in the preclinical or discovery stage. If we are unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and ultimately commercialize therapeutic product candidates and related diagnostic candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We are in the early stages of our development efforts and have only two product candidates, PRA023 and PRA052, in clinical development. All of our other development programs are in the preclinical or drug discovery stage. We have invested substantially all of our efforts in developing Prometheus360, identifying potential therapeutic product candidates and conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies. Although PRA023 and PRA052 have entered clinical trials, we will need to progress our other development programs through IND-enabling studies and receive authorization from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to proceed under an IND prior to initiating their clinical development. Our ability to generate therapeutic product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. 
 In addition, our therapeutic development programs contemplate the development of diagnostics that are designed to provide additional insight into our target patient populations. Diagnostics are subject to regulation as medical devices and must themselves be authorized for marketing by the FDA or certain other foreign regulatory agencies before we may commercialize our diagnostic candidates. 
 34 

The success of our therapeutic product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 successful completion of preclinical studies with favorable results, including those compliant with good laboratory practice (GLP) toxicology studies, biodistribution studies and minimum effective dose studies in animals; 

acceptance of INDs by the FDA, or similar regulatory filings by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, for the conduct of clinical trials of our therapeutic product candidates and our proposed design of future clinical trials; 

successful enrollment in clinical trials and completion of clinical trials with favorable results; 

demonstrating safety and efficacy, or in the case of our therapeutic product candidates regulated as biologics, safety, purity and potency, to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities; 

successful development and validation of companion diagnostics for use with our product candidates, if required; 

the performance of our collaborators; 

receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities for our product candidates, including new drug applications (NDAs) or biologics license applications (BLAs) from the FDA, and the premarket approvals (PMAs) from the FDA for any companion diagnostics that may be required for our therapeutic product candidates, and maintaining such approvals; 

making arrangements with our third-party manufacturers for, or establishing, commercial manufacturing capabilities; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

obtaining adequate coverage, reimbursement, and pricing policies for our products from governmental authorities and health insurers; 

the willingness of physicians and patients to utilize or adopt any of our product candidates or future product candidates over alternative or more conventional therapies; 

establishing, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection or regulatory exclusivity for our therapeutic product candidates; 

maintaining an acceptable safety profile of our products following approval; and 

maintaining and growing an organization of people who can develop and commercialize our products and technology. 

If we are unable to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize our therapeutic product candidates or diagnostic candidates, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 
 Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results. Our product candidates may not achieve favorable results in preclinical studies or clinical trials or receive regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all. 
 Preclinical and clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. We cannot guarantee that any preclinical studies or clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all, and failure can occur at any time during the preclinical study or clinical trial process. Despite promising preclinical or clinical results, any product candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage of preclinical or clinical development. The historical failure rate for product candidates in our industry is high. 
 The results from preclinical studies or clinical trials of a product candidate may not predict the results of later clinical trials of the product candidate, and interim, topline, or preliminary results of a clinical trial are not necessarily indicative of final results. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. In particular, while we have conducted certain preclinical and clinical studies of PRA023 and preclinical studies of PRA052 and other potential product candidates targeting IBD, we do not know whether PRA023, PRA052 or the other potential product candidates will perform in future clinical trials as they have performed in these prior studies. The positive results we have observed for PRA023 in our Phase 2 and earlier clinical trials and preclinical animal models may not be predictive of our ongoing and future clinical trials in UC, CD or SSc-ILD or future trials of PRA023 in these or other indications. 
 It is not uncommon to observe results in clinical trials that are unexpected based on preclinical studies and early clinical trials, and many product candidates fail in clinical trials despite very promising early results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data may be susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising results in earlier studies. Such setbacks have occurred and may occur for many reasons, including, but not limited to: clinical sites and investigators may deviate from clinical trial 
 35 

protocols, whether due to lack of training or otherwise, and we may fail to detect any such deviations in a timely manner; patients may fail to adhere to any required clinical trial procedures, including any requirements for post-treatment follow-up; our product candidates may fail to demonstrate effectiveness or safety in certain patient subpopulations, which has not been observed in earlier trials due to limited sample size, lack of analysis or otherwise; or our clinical trials may not adequately represent the patient populations we intend to treat, whether due to limitations in our trial designs or otherwise, such as where one patient subgroup is overrepresented in the clinical trial. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer similar setbacks despite the data we observed in earlier or ongoing studies. Based upon negative or inconclusive results, we or any future collaborator may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, which would cause us to incur additional operating expenses and delays and may not be sufficient to support regulatory approval on a timely basis or at all. 
 For the foregoing reasons, we cannot be certain that any of our ongoing and planned clinical trials will be successful. 
 Any difficulties or delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of PRA023, PRA052 or any future product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Before we can initiate clinical trials for any future product candidates, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities along with other information, including information about product candidate chemistry, manufacturing and controls and our proposed clinical trial protocol, as part of an IND or, in the case of a diagnostic candidate, an investigational device exemption (IDE) application or similar regulatory filing required for authorization to proceed with clinical development. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies for any product candidate before it allows us to initiate clinical trials under any IND, IDE, or similar regulatory filing, which may lead to delays and increase the costs of our preclinical development programs. Moreover, even if we commence clinical trials, issues may arise that could cause regulatory authorities to suspend or terminate such clinical trials. Any such delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing or planned clinical trials for PRA023, PRA052 or any other product candidate could significantly affect our product development timelines and product development costs. 
 We do not know whether our planned and ongoing trials will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement, data readouts and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 
 obtaining regulatory authorizations to commence a trial or reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical studies; 

any failure or delay in reaching an agreement with contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining approval from one or more institutional review boards (IRBs); 

IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the trial; 

changes to clinical trial protocol; 

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials; 

obtaining adequate materials for packaging clinical trial material; 

subjects failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up, including subjects failing to remain in our trials due to movement restrictions, health reasons or otherwise resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in Ukraine or any future public health or geopolitical concerns; 

delays in developing and validating a companion diagnostic for use in a clinical trial, if applicable; 

we may be required to submit an IDE application to the FDA with respect to any companion diagnostics used in clinical trials of our therapeutic product candidates, which must become effective prior to commencing certain human clinical trials of medical devices, and the FDA may reject our IDE application and notify us that we may not begin clinical trials; 

subjects choosing alternative treatments for the indications for which we are developing our therapeutic product candidates, or participating in competing clinical trials; 

36 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial or incurring greater costs than we anticipate; 

subjects experiencing severe or serious unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

occurrence of serious adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or extended analysis of the resulting data; 

failure of a facility manufacturing our product candidates or any of their components to produce clinical trial materials in accordance with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations or other applicable requirements; 

a facility manufacturing our product candidates or any of their components being ordered by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP regulations or other applicable requirements, or infections or cross-contaminations of product candidates in the manufacturing process; 

any transfer of manufacturing processes to alternate facilities or any other changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

third-party clinical investigators losing the licenses or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, not performing our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices (GCP) or other regulatory requirements; 

third-party contractors not performing data collection or analysis in a timely or accurate manner; or 

third-party contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or all of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications. 

We could encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug or diagnostic, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. 
 Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks, including war, relevant to such foreign countries. This could hinder the completion of our clinical trials and/or analyses of clinical results, which could materially harm our business. 
 Moreover, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. 
 If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Such delays could also shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, the termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 37 

We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. If we encounter difficulties enrolling subjects in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, and the timing of our clinical trials depends, in part, on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in our trials, as well as completion of required follow-up periods. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to identify and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Subject enrollment is affected by many factors including the size and nature of the patient population, the severity of the disease under investigation, the availability and efficacy of approved drugs and diagnostics for the disease under investigation, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, the risk that enrolled patients will not complete a clinical trial, our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, patient referral practices of physicians, the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment, competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating as well as any product candidates under development. 
 We will be required to identify and enroll a sufficient number of subjects for each of our clinical trials. Utilizing our precision medicine approach, we may focus our development activities on genetically or biomarker defined patients that we believe will be most likely to respond to our therapeutic product candidates. As a result, the potential patient populations for our clinical trials may be narrowed, and we may experience difficulties in identifying and enrolling a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials if we are unable to locate a sufficient number of eligible subjects to participate in the clinical trials required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies targeting the same diseases as our therapeutic product candidates are recruiting clinical trial patients from these patient populations, which may make it more difficult to fully enroll our clinical trials. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of subjects for any of our future clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. In addition, the process of finding and diagnosing subjects may prove costly. 
 Moreover, we rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and, while we intend to enter into agreements governing their services, we will have limited influence over their actual performance. We cannot assure you that our assumptions used in determining expected clinical trial timelines are correct or that we will not experience delays in enrollment, which would result in the delay of completion of such trials beyond our expected timelines. 
 Use of our therapeutic product candidates could be associated with side effects, adverse events or other properties or safety risks, which could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, abandon a therapeutic product candidate, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in other significant negative consequences that could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 As is the case with biopharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be side effects and adverse events associated with our therapeutic product candidates use. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. Undesirable side effects caused by our therapeutic product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Moreover, if our therapeutic product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect to abandon their development or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for the therapeutic product candidate, if approved. We may also be required to modify our study plans based on findings after we commence our clinical trials. Many compounds that initially showed promise in early-stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the compound. In addition, regulatory authorities may draw different conclusions or require additional testing to confirm these determinations. 
 It is possible that as we test our therapeutic product candidates in larger, longer and more extensive clinical trials, or as the use of these therapeutic product candidates becomes more widespread if they receive regulatory approval, illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events that were observed in earlier trials, as well as conditions that did not occur or went undetected in previous trials, may be reported by subjects. If such side effects become known later in development or upon approval, if any, such findings may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Patients treated with our products, if approved, may experience previously unreported adverse reactions, and it is possible that the FDA or other regulatory authorities may ask for additional safety data as a condition of, or in connection with, our efforts to obtain 
 38 

approval of our therapeutic product candidates. In addition, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw, suspend or limit approvals of such product, or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

we may be required to recall a product or change the way such product is administered to patients; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or a contraindication; 

we may be required to change the way a product is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of a product or be required to conduct additional post-marketing studies or surveillance; 

we could be subject to litigation and held liable for harm caused to patients; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly or the product could become less competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of a particular therapeutic product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 As an organization, we have never completed any late-stage clinical trials or submitted an application for regulatory approval, and may be unable to do so for any of our product candidates. 
 We are early in our development efforts and will need to successfully complete later-stage and pivotal clinical trials in order to obtain FDA or comparable foreign regulatory approval to market PRA023, PRA052 or any other therapeutic product candidates. Carrying out clinical trials and the submission of a successful BLA or NDA is a complicated process. As an organization, we have not completed a Phase 3 registrational program, have limited experience as a company in preparing, submitting and prosecuting regulatory filings, and have not submitted a BLA or NDA or other comparable foreign regulatory submission for any therapeutic product candidate. In addition, we have had limited interactions with the FDA and cannot be certain how many clinical trials of PRA023 or any other product candidates will be required or how such trials should be designed. For instance, in 2023, we plan to meet with the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities regarding the design of our pivotal Phase 3 programs for PRA023 in UC and CD, and these regulatory authorities may recommend changes to our proposed study designs, including the number and size of registrational clinical trials required to be conducted in our Phase 3 programs. Consequently, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete necessary clinical trials in a way that leads to regulatory submission and approval of PRA023 or any of our other therapeutic product candidates. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of therapeutic product candidates that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our ongoing or planned clinical trials, could prevent us from or delay us in submitting BLAs or NDAs for and commercializing our therapeutic product candidates. 
 Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As product candidates progress through clinical trials to marketing approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize safety, efficacy, stability, purity, yield and manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent quality and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives and/or may lead to delays and additional costs. Additionally, any changes we may make to our product candidates may cause such candidates to perform differently than in prior clinical trials, or could negatively affect our ability to utilize or interpret our existing data. Such changes could delay initiation or completion of clinical trials, lead to negative trial results, require the conduct of bridging studies or clinical trials or the repetition of one or more studies or clinical trials, increase development costs, delay potential regulatory approval and jeopardize our ability to commercialize our product candidates or generate revenue. We may also make formulation or manufacturing changes to our product candidates, in which case we may need to conduct additional preclinical or clinical studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. For example, we completed a bridging study of a 200 mg/ml subcutaneous formulation of PRA023 in Caucasian normal healthy volunteers to facilitate the implementation of an auto-injector in potential future registrational studies of PRA023. While we do not expect that further bridging studies will be required before we can commence such registrational studies, any additional required studies could delay the development of PRA023 and increase our development costs. 
 Our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation and compliance, which is costly and time consuming, and such regulation may cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing, distribution and adverse event reporting, including the submission of safety and other information, of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities in 
 39 

foreign markets. In the United States, we are not permitted to market our product candidates until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and the FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. Neither we nor any current or future collaborator is permitted to market any of our product candidates in the United States until we receive approval from the FDA. 
 Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or abroad, we or our collaborators must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such product candidates are safe and effective, or with respect to a biological product candidate, safe, pure and potent, for their intended uses. Results from preclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the preclinical or clinical data for our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. 
 The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: 
 such authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our or our current or future collaborators clinical trials; 

negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials or results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; 

serious and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or biologics similar to our therapeutic product candidates; 

such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of the United States; 

we or any of our current or future collaborators may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate is safe and effective, and that the therapeutic product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of such authorities that our diagnostic candidates are suitable to identify appropriate or desired patient populations; 

such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA, NDA, PMA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such authorities may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications of our product candidates; 

approval may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than what we apply for and/or with other significant restrictions on distribution and use; 

such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications or facilities of our third-party manufacturers with which we or any of our current or future collaborators contract for clinical and commercial supplies; 

regulations and approval policies of such authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our or any of our potential future collaborators clinical data insufficient for approval; or 

such authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. 

This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. In addition, even if we obtain approval of our product candidates, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings, or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). 
 40 

In addition, with respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. In addition, events raising questions about the safety of certain marketed biopharmaceuticals may result in increased cautiousness by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing new drugs or biologics based on safety, efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us or any of our potential future collaborators from commercializing our product candidates. 
 Additional time may be required to obtain marketing authorizations for any of our product candidates that we develop as combination products. 
 We are developing an auto-injector device designed to be used in combination with PRA023. We anticipate that, if this auto-injector is successfully developed and implemented in our clinical studies, PRA023 would be regulated as a combination product by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Combination products require coordination within the FDA and within comparable regulatory agencies for review of their drug and device components. For example, the FDA s review of a marketing application for PRA023 may include the participation of both the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. Although the FDA and comparable foreign agencies have or may have systems in place for the review and approval of combination products, we may experience additional delays in the development and commercialization of such product candidates due to regulatory timing constraints and uncertainties in the product development and approval process. Moreover, although we anticipate that the device component of any combination product candidates we develop will be reviewed within the usual time frames expected for the underlying drug component application, and that no separate marketing application for the device components of such product candidates will be required in the United States, the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities may delay approval or require us to conduct additional studies with the auto-injector which may delay the approval of the combination product. 
 If we are unable to successfully develop companion or complementary diagnostics for our therapeutic product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our therapeutic development strategy may be harmed and we may not realize the full commercial potential of our therapeutic product candidates. 
 Because we are focused on precision medicine, in which genetic alterations or predictive biomarkers will be used to identify the right patients for our product candidates, we believe that our success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop diagnostics for use with our therapeutic product candidates. Although we currently plan to focus our PRA023 diagnostic development program on so-called complementary diagnostics, which are generally not required for the safe and effective use of a therapeutic product candidate, but may aid in treatment decisions, it is possible that our development program for PRA023 or other product candidates will require us to develop and commercialize a companion diagnostic. Companion diagnostics are developed in conjunction with clinical programs for the associated product and are subject to regulation as medical devices by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities. In general, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, the FDA will generally not approve the therapeutic product if the companion diagnostic is not also approved or cleared for that indication. Accordingly, the FDA expects to review and approve simultaneously the NDA or BLA and PMA submissions for a therapeutic and its companion diagnostic, respectively, so any delay in diagnostic approval could delay or prevent approval of the therapeutic product. The approval of a companion diagnostic as part of the product label will also limit the use of the therapeutic product candidate to only those patients who express the specific genetic alteration or biomarker it was developed to detect. Also, to the extent other approved diagnostics are able to broaden their labeling claims to include our approved therapeutic products, if any, we may be forced to abandon our companion diagnostic development plans or we may not be able to compete effectively upon approval, which could adversely impact our ability to generate revenue from the sale of our approved products and our business operations. 
 In addition, it may be necessary to resolve issues such as selectivity/specificity, analytical validation, reproducibility, or clinical validation of companion diagnostics during the development and regulatory approval processes. Moreover, even if data from preclinical studies and early clinical trials appear to support development of a companion diagnostic for a therapeutic product candidate, data generated in later clinical trials may fail to support the analytical and clinical validation of the companion diagnostic. If we are required to develop companion diagnostics for use with our therapeutic product candidates, we may encounter difficulties in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing and commercializing companion diagnostics similar to those we face with respect to our therapeutic product candidates themselves, including issues with achieving regulatory clearance or approval, production of sufficient quantities at commercial scale and with appropriate quality standards, and in gaining market acceptance. 
 If we or any third parties we may engage are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for our therapeutic product candidates, or experience delays in doing so: 
 we may be unable to identify appropriate patients for enrollment in our clinical trials, which may adversely affect the development of our therapeutic product candidates, 

our therapeutic product candidates may not receive marketing approval, if the FDA or other regulators determine that the safe and effective use of our therapeutic product candidates, if any, depends on the companion diagnostic, and 

41 

we may not realize the full commercial potential of any therapeutics that receive marketing approval if, among other reasons, we are unable to appropriately select patients who are likely to benefit from therapy with our medicines, if any. 

As a result of any of these events, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We have limited experience in developing and commercializing diagnostics and have never applied for or obtained regulatory clearance or approval for any diagnostic tests. 
 To be successful in developing and commercializing therapeutic product candidates in combination with diagnostic candidates, we will need to address a number of scientific, technical, regulatory and logistical challenges. We currently anticipate that we or a collaborator will need to obtain marketing authorization from the FDA in order to legally market such diagnostics in the United States. As a company, we have little experience in the development of diagnostic tests and may not be successful in developing appropriate diagnostics to pair with any of our therapeutic product candidates that receive marketing approval, and have never applied for or obtained regulatory clearance or approval of any such diagnostic tests. Given our limited experience in developing diagnostic tests, we may rely in part or in whole on third parties for their design, development and manufacture of such tests. 
 Before a new medical device, or a new intended use of, claim for, or significant modification to an existing device, can be marketed in the United States, a company must first submit an application for and receive 510(k) clearance pursuant to a premarket notification submitted under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), de-novo classification, or PMA approval from FDA, unless an exemption applies. The PMA approval pathway, which we expect to pursue for our companion diagnostic product candidates, requires an applicant to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the product based, in part, on valid scientific evidence, including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, and clinical data. The 510(k) pathway requires a FDA finding that the test is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device. If no legally marketed predicate can be identified to enable use of the 510(k) pathway, the device is automatically classified under the FDCA into Class III, which generally requires PMA approval. However, for low- to moderate-risk novel devices, FDA allows for the possibility of marketing authorization through the de novo classification process rather than requiring the device to be subject to PMA approval. Products that are approved through a PMA application generally need prior FDA approval before modifications can be made that affect safety or effectiveness, and certain modifications to a 510(k)-cleared device may also require FDA premarket review before the modified product can be marketed. If we are unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory clearance for and commercialize diagnostics to pair with our therapeutic product candidates, it could adversely impact our ability to develop and generate revenue from our product candidates. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on specific product candidates and specific indications. As a result, we may forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates that could have had greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable product candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 We intend to conduct certain of our clinical trials globally. However, the FDA and other foreign equivalents may not accept data from such trials, in which case our development plans will be delayed, which could materially harm our business. 
 We intend to conduct certain of our future clinical trials globally. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA, or if the FDA considers such inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. In addition, even where the foreign study data are not intended to serve as the sole basis for approval, the FDA will not accept the data as support for an application for marketing approval unless the study is well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future product candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 42 

Conducting clinical trials outside the United States also exposes us to additional risks, including risks associated with: 
 additional foreign regulatory requirements; 

foreign exchange fluctuations; 

compliance with foreign manufacturing, customs, shipment and storage requirements; 

cultural differences in medical practice and clinical research; 

diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and 

interruptions or delays in our trials resulting from geopolitical events, such as war or terrorism. 

For instance, as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States and its European allies have imposed significant sanctions against Russia, including regional embargoes, full blocking sanctions, and other restrictions targeting major Russian financial institutions. Our ability to conduct future clinical trials in Russia, parts of Ukraine and elsewhere in the region is restricted under applicable sanctions laws, which may require us to identify alternative trial sites, which may increase our development costs and delay the clinical development of our product candidates. All of the foregoing could impede the execution of our clinical development plans, which could materially harm our business. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim, preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, preliminary or topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical studies. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available or as patients from our clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences between preliminary, topline or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. In addition, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and the value of our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, product candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 Fast Track designation by the FDA for PRA023 or our other product candidates may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 We have been granted a fast track designation for PRA023 by the FDA for the treatment of SSc-ILD and may seek fast track designations for our other product candidates. The fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new product candidates that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biologics are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended, alone or in combination with one or more drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. With regard to a fast track product candidate, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA or BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA or BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA or BLA. 
 43 

Obtaining a fast track designation does not change the standards for product approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. For example, even though the FDA has granted such designation for PRA023 for the treatment of SSc-ILD, it may not actually result in faster clinical development or regulatory review or approval. Furthermore, such a designation does not increase the likelihood that PRA023 or any other product candidate that may be granted fast track designation will receive marketing approval in the United States. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs, biologics, and medical devices, or modifications to approved drugs, biologics, and medical devices to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We are substantially dependent upon the Cedars-Sinai license agreement for access to the Cedars-Sinai database and biobank, which supports Prometheus360. 
 We rely on access to the Cedars-Sinai database and biobank and its over 200,000 samples linked to extensive clinical data from patients in order to stratify patients and carry out our precision medicine approach. We exclusively license the rights to the database and biobank from Cedars-Sinai under our license agreement. Cedars-Sinai may terminate the license agreement under certain circumstances, including as a result of our uncured breach of the agreement. Cedars-Sinai stores its biobank samples in a single location in Southern California, and we therefore are exposed to the risk that such samples could be destroyed pursuant to a natural or man-made disaster or that they may otherwise become unavailable. Without access to this data and samples, our business would be materially and adversely affected because we may not be able to identify additional therapeutic targets and/or develop therapeutic and diagnostic product candidates for development. Additionally, any dispute with Cedars-Sinai may result in costly litigation that diverts our management s attention and resources away from our day-to-day activities and which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
 We have entered, and may in the future seek to enter into, collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements and may not be successful in doing so, and even if we are, we may relinquish valuable rights and may not realize the benefits of such relationships. 
 We have entered into a co-development and manufacturing agreement with Falk pursuant to which we will co-develop and commercialize PRA052 and its potential companion diagnostic candidate for the treatment of IBD, exclusively in our respective territories. With respect to Falk, and what we expect will be the case with any future license or collaboration agreements, we have and would expect to have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators willingness to successfully develop and commercialize the applicable development programs. Falk may terminate our collaboration agreement for convenience and under certain other circumstances, including as a result of our uncured material breach of the agreement. Any such termination may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
 We may seek to enter into additional collaborations, joint ventures, licenses and other similar arrangements for the development or commercialization of other product candidates due to capital costs required to develop or commercialize the product candidate. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such collaborations for our product candidates because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort or third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or 
 44 

significant commercial opportunity. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process can be time-consuming and complex. We may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, research programs, product candidates or Prometheus360, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us, as part of any such arrangement, and such arrangements may restrict us from entering into additional agreements with other potential collaborators. We cannot be certain that, following a collaboration, license or strategic transaction, we will achieve an economic benefit that justifies such transaction. 
 The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators and partners. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include the following risks to us: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations and they may not devote the level of effort or resources we expect; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on preclinical or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates, particularly if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 

we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 

collaborators may not properly maintain, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability; 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborators may not provide us with timely and accurate information regarding development, regulatory or commercialization status or results, which could adversely impact our ability to manage our own development efforts, accurately forecast financial results or provide timely information to our stockholders regarding our out-licensed product candidates; and 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical and clinical studies and will rely on third parties to conduct our future clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, our development programs and our ability to seek or obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates may be delayed. 
 We are dependent on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and expect to rely on such third parties for our current and future clinical trials, including our ongoing and planned clinical trials of PRA023 and PRA052. Specifically, we have used and relied on, and intend to use and rely on, medical institutions, clinical investigators, CROs and consultants to conduct our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials in accordance with our clinical protocols and regulatory requirements. These CROs, investigators and other third parties play a significant role in the conduct and timing of these trials and subsequent collection and analysis of data. While we have and will have agreements governing the activities of our third-party contractors, we have limited influence over their actual performance. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on our CROs and other third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical 
 45 

development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs or trial sites fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 There is no guarantee that any of our CROs, investigators or other third parties will devote adequate time and resources to such trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, or otherwise performs in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated. In addition, many of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other development activities that could harm our competitive position. In addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials are expected to serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, or the FDA concludes that the financial relationship may have affected the interpretation of the study, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be questioned and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection by the FDA of any BLA, NDA or PMA we submit. Any such delay or rejection could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates. 
 If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Switching or adding additional CROs, investigators and other third parties involves additional cost and requires our management s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 We rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical development. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities and have no plans to develop our own clinical or commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities. We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and related raw materials, including our autoinjector, for preclinical and clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval. The facilities used by third-party manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA and any comparable foreign regulatory authority pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit a BLA, NDA or PMA to the FDA or any comparable filing to a foreign regulatory authority. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, third-party manufacturers for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of products. If these third-party manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. 
 Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements on commercially reasonable terms and in compliance with cGMP could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate clinical trials of our product candidates under development; 

delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving marketing approvals, for our product candidates; 

subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities or our manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 

requirements to cease development or to recall batches of our product candidates; and 

in the event of approval to market and commercialize our product candidates, an inability to meet commercial demands for our product candidates or any other future product candidates. 

46 

In addition, we may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 failure of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; 

breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

failure to manufacture our product according to our specifications; 

failure to manufacture our product according to our schedule or at all; 

misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

Our product candidates and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any related remedial measures may be costly or time consuming to implement. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a second source for all required raw materials used in the manufacture of our product candidates. If our existing or future third-party manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers and we may be unable to replace them on a timely basis or at all. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we currently rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates and to perform quality testing, we must, at times, share our proprietary technology and confidential information, including trade secrets, with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements, and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are intentionally or inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets and despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our proprietary technology and confidential information or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates and Testing Products 
 Even if we receive marketing authorization for any therapeutic product candidate or diagnostic candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, if authorized for sale, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions on marketing or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, when and if any of them are approved. 
 Any marketing authorizations that we may receive for our product candidates, including any therapeutic product candidates or diagnostic candidates, will require the submission of reports to regulatory authorities and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS in order to approve our therapeutic product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician training and communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if one of our product candidates is approved, it will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 47 

Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any approved marketing application. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 If the FDA or another regulatory authority discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory authorities may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory authority or enforcement authority may, among other things: 
 refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

require us to change the way a product is distributed, conduct additional clinical trials, change the labeling of a product or require us to conduct additional post-marketing studies or surveillance; 

restrict our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on ongoing or planned trials; 

require additional warnings on the product label, such as a black box warning or a contraindication; 

impose restrictions on the products, manufacturers or manufacturing process; 

require warning or untitled letters; 

seek injunctions or civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approvals; 

seize or detain products or implement import bans; 

impose voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements; 

totally or partially suspend production; and 

impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, our business will be seriously harmed. 
 Moreover, the policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. For example, on February 23, 2022, the FDA issued a proposed rule to amend the Quality System Regulation, which establishes cGMP requirements for medical device manufacturers, to align more closely with the International Organization for Standardization standards. This proposal has not yet been finalized or adopted. Accordingly, it is unclear the extent to which this or any other proposals, if adopted, could impose additional or different regulatory requirements on us that could increase the costs of compliance or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 The commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance of such product candidates by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. 
 Our product candidates may not be commercially successful. Even if any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors or the medical community. The commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend significantly on the broad adoption and use of the resulting product by physicians and patients for approved indications. The degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 demonstration of clinical efficacy and safety compared to other more-established products; 

the approval, availability, market acceptance and reimbursement for the companion diagnostic; 

the indications for which our product candidates are approved; 

48 

the limitation of our targeted patient population and other limitations or warnings contained in any FDA-approved labeling; 

acceptance of a new drug or biologic for the relevant indication by healthcare providers and their patients; 

the pricing and cost-effectiveness of our products, as well as the cost of treatment with our products in relation to alternative treatments and therapies; 

our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors; 

the willingness of patients to pay all, or a portion of, out-of-pocket costs associated with our products in the absence of sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

any restrictions on the use of our products, and the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

potential product liability claims; 

the timing of market introduction of our products as well as competitive drugs; 

the effectiveness of our or any of our current or potential future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; and 

unfavorable publicity relating to the product. 

If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors or patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue from that product and may not become or remain profitable. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors regarding the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found or alleged to have improperly promoted off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, as our product candidates would be, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for a product candidate, physicians may nevertheless prescribe it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also required companies to enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our product candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our therapeutic product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologics may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 The ACA includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a highly similar or biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first approved by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first approved. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. 
 We believe that any of our therapeutic product candidates approved as biologics under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our therapeutic product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 The successful commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish coverage, adequate reimbursement levels and favorable pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 49 

The availability of coverage and the adequacy of reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford prescription medications such as our product candidates, if approved. Our ability to achieve coverage and acceptable levels of reimbursement for our products by third-party payors will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize those products. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere will be available for any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 Third-party payors increasingly are challenging prices charged for biopharmaceutical products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs when an equivalent generic drug or a less expensive therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our product candidates as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive product. These payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products, if approved, and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on products that we may develop. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs will be covered. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such therapies. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our products. 
 Obtaining and maintaining reimbursement status is time consuming, costly and uncertain. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs. However, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some cases at short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 
 In addition, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical or biological products, will apply to diagnostic tests. Additionally, if any companion diagnostic provider is unable to obtain reimbursement or is inadequately reimbursed, that may limit the availability of such companion diagnostic, which would negatively impact prescriptions for our product candidates, if approved. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of our products. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates, if approved. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our product candidates may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. 
 We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our business and our ability to develop and successfully commercialize products may be adversely affected. 
 The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary and novel products and product candidates. Our competitors have developed, are developing or may develop products, product candidates and processes competitive with our product candidates. Any product candidates that we 
 50 

successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. We believe that a significant number of products are currently under development, and may become commercially available in the future, for the treatment of IBD and other immune-mediated diseases. Our competitors include larger and better funded pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Moreover, we may also compete with universities, governmental agencies and other research institutions who may be active in the indications we are targeting and could be in direct competition with us. We also compete with these organizations in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 We expect to face competition from existing products and products in development for each of our therapeutic product candidates. If approved for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe IBD, PRA023, PRA052 and our other development programs would compete with Entyvio, which is an a4b7 integrin antibody marketed by Takeda, Humira, which is a TNF antibody marketed by AbbVie Inc., Remicade, which is a TNF antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, Stelara, which is an IL-12/IL-23 antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, Xeljanz, which is a JAK1 inhibitor marketed by Pfizer Inc., Simponi, which is a TNF antibody marketed by Johnson Johnson, and Zeposia, which is a S1P inhibitor marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. 
 We are aware of several companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of patients with UC and/or CD, including but not limited to Roivant Sciences RVT-3101 (formerly Pfizer Inc. s PF-06480605), which is an anti-TL1A antibody being developed in Phase 2 clinical trials, Rinvoq, which is a JAK1 inhibitor being developed in Phase 3 clinical trials by AbbVie Inc., and mirikizumab, which is an anti-IL-23 antibody being developed in Phase 3 clinical trials by Eli Lilly and Company. We are also aware of additional product candidates in clinical trials by AbbVie Inc., Abivax S.A., Amgen Inc., Applied Molecular Transport Inc., Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP, Bausch Health Companies, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, C.H. Boehringer Sohn AG Ko. KG, EA Pharma Co., Ltd., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gossamer Bio, Inc., Johnson Johnson, Landos Biopharma, Inc., Morphic Holding, Inc., Merck Co. Inc., Novartis International AG, Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., RedHill Biopharma Ltd., Seres Therapeutics, Inc., and Ventyx Biosciences, Inc. In addition, biosimilars of Humira, Stelara and Entyvio are expected in coming years and will provide cost-effective alternatives within the biologic class. 
 If approved for the treatment of patients with SSc-ILD, PRA023 would compete with Ofev, which is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor marketed by Boehringer Ingelheim AG and Actemra, which is an IL-6 antibody marketed by F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG. We are aware of several companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of patients for SSc-ILD, including but not limited to Castle Creek Biosciences, Inc., Certa Therapeutics Pty Ltd., Chemomab Therapeutics Ltd., Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc., Emerald Health Pharmaceuticals Inc., Forbius PTY Limited, GlaxoSmithKline plc., Horizon Therapeutics plc, Incyte Corporation, Johnson Johnson, Kyowa Kirin plc, Merck Co., Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Sanofi S.A., and Seagen, Inc. 
 Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and supply resources or experience than we do. If we successfully obtain approval for any product candidate, we will face competition based on many different factors, including the safety and effectiveness of our products, the ease with which our products can be administered, the effectiveness of any related companion diagnostic tests, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for these products, the availability and cost of manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent position. Competing products could present superior treatment alternatives, including by being more effective, safer, more convenient, less expensive or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. Competitive products or technological approaches may make any products we develop, or Prometheus360, obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing our product candidates. If we are unable to compete effectively, our opportunity to generate revenue from the sale of our products we may develop, if approved, could be adversely affected. 
 If the market opportunities for our products are smaller than we believe they are, our revenue may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. 
 The precise incidence and prevalence for all the conditions we aim to address with our product candidates are unknown. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our therapeutic product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new trials may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The total addressable market across all of our product candidates will ultimately depend upon, among other things, the diagnosis criteria included in the final label for each of our product candidates approved for sale for these indications, the availability of alternative treatments and the safety, convenience, cost and efficacy of our therapeutic product candidates relative to such alternative treatments, acceptance by the medical community and patient access, drug pricing and reimbursement. The number of patients in the United States and other major markets and elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business. Further, even if we obtain significant market share for our product 
 51 

candidates, because some of our potential target populations are very small, we may never achieve profitability despite obtaining such significant market share. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to operate in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from applicable regulatory authorities in foreign markets, and we may never receive such regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates and ultimately commercialize our products in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: 
 different regulatory requirements for approval of drugs in foreign countries; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 

the existence of additional third-party patent and other intellectual property rights of potential relevance to our business; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

foreign reimbursement, pricing and insurance regimes; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is common; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, medical epidemics or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires. 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development, regulatory approval and commercialization activities relating to our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, which may change from time to time; 

coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic candidates, if approved, and potential future drugs that compete with our products; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates and testing products, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of our agreements with third-party manufacturers; 

the timing and amount of the milestone or other payments we may receive under collaboration agreements; 

expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional product candidates and technologies; 

the level of demand for any approved products, which may vary significantly; 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

the timing and success or failure of preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners. 

52 

The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance we may provide. 
 We are dependent on the services of our management and other clinical and scientific personnel, and if we are not able to retain these individuals or recruit additional management or clinical and scientific personnel, our business will suffer. 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel. We are highly dependent upon our senior management, as well as our senior scientists and other members of our management team. The loss of services of any of these individuals could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, initiation or completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials or the commercialization of our product candidates. Although we have executed employment agreements or offer letters with each member of our senior management team, these agreements are terminable at will with or without notice and, therefore, we may not be able to retain their services as expected. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance on the lives of our executives or any of our employees. This lack of insurance means that we may not have adequate compensation for the loss of the services of these individuals. 
 We will need to expand and effectively manage our managerial, operational, financial and other resources in order to successfully pursue our clinical development and commercialization efforts. We may not be successful in maintaining our unique company culture and continuing to attract or retain qualified management and scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other businesses, particularly in the San Diego area. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. If we are not able to attract, integrate, retain and motivate necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully. 
 We had 97 full-time employees and no part-time employees as of February 21, 2023. As we continue development and pursue the potential commercialization of our product candidates, as well as function as a public company, we will need to expand our financial, development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties. Our future financial performance and our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. 
 We are subject to various federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which could increase compliance costs, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers expose us to broadly applicable foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations and how we research, market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Such laws include: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or certain rebates), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in return for, either the referral of an individual or the purchase, lease, or order, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti- Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making or causing to be made a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

53 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a 

scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the CMS, information related to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse-midwives) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by such healthcare professionals and their immediate family members; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; some state laws require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; some state laws that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain drug products; and some state and local laws require the registration or pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve ongoing substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, including certain consulting agreements with physicians, some of whom are in a position to prescribe our product candidates, if approved, and are compensated in the form of stock or stock options for services provided to us, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare program. 
 Recently enacted legislation, future legislation and healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system, including cost-containment measures that may reduce or limit coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. 
 For example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted in the United States. Among the provisions of the ACA of importance to our potential product candidates, the ACA: established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; extended manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; expands eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; expands the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program; increases the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; creates a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program; establishes a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and establishes a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order initiating a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage 
 54 

through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how the healthcare reform measures will impact our business.. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory cap on the Medicaid drug rebate, currently set at 100 of a drug s AMP, beginning January 1, 2024. Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Most recently, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, included a number of significant drug pricing reforms, which include the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS (beginning in 2026) that requires manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023), and a redesign of the Part D benefit, as part of which manufacturers are required to provide discounts on Part D drugs (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the HHS Secretary to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Additional drug pricing proposals could appear in future legislation. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our therapeutic product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We expect that these new laws and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical trials of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize our product candidates. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates allegedly cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product candidate, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims may be brought against us by clinical trial participants, patients or others using, administering or selling products that may be approved in the future. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. 
 If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or cease the commercialization of our products. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our products; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of our management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

55 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

significant negative financial impact; 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and 

a decline in our stock price. 

We currently hold approximately 10 million in product liability insurance coverage in the aggregate. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials or if we commence commercialization of our product candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our product candidates. Although we will maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies will also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include property, general liability, employment benefits liability, business automobile, workers compensation, products liability, malicious invasion of our electronic systems, directors and officers , employment practices and fiduciary liability insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We and any of our current and potential future collaborators will be required to report to regulatory authorities if any of our approved products cause or contribute to adverse medical events, and any failure to do so would result in sanctions that would materially harm our business. 
 If we or any of our current and potential future collaborators are successful in commercializing our products, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities would require that we and such collaborators report certain information about adverse medical events if those products may have caused or contributed to those adverse events. The timing of our obligation to report would be triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We and any of our current or potential future collaborators or CROs may fail to report adverse events within the prescribed timeframe. If we or any of our current or potential future collaborators or CROs fail to comply with such reporting obligations, the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority could take action, including criminal prosecution, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products or delay in approval or clearance of future products. 
 Our business could be affected by litigation, government investigations and enforcement actions. 
 We currently operate in a number of jurisdictions in a highly regulated industry and we could be subject to litigation, government investigation and enforcement actions on a variety of matters in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, including, without limitation, intellectual property, regulatory, product liability, environmental, whistleblower, false claims, privacy, anti-kickback, anti-bribery, securities, commercial, employment and other claims and legal proceedings which may arise from conducting our business. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, civil and criminal penalties, equitable remedies, including disgorgement, injunctive relief and/or other sanctions against us, and remediation of any such findings could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 
 Legal proceedings, government investigations and enforcement actions can be expensive and time consuming. An adverse outcome resulting from any such proceeding, investigations or enforcement actions could result in significant damages awards, fines, penalties, exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, healthcare debarment, injunctive relief, product recalls, reputational damage and modifications of our business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors, may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate: (i) the laws and regulations of the FDA and other similar regulatory requirements, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities, (ii) manufacturing standards, including cGMP requirements, (iii) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad or (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, the creation of fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal 
 56 

misappropriation of drug product, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and financial results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgements, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. 
 From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, including acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing of intellectual property, products or technologies. Additional potential transactions that we may consider in the future include a variety of business arrangements, including spinoffs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments. Any future transactions could increase our near and long-term expenditures, result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, including our common stock, or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or acquired in-process research and development expenses, any of which could affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Future acquisitions may also require us to obtain additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. These transactions may never be successful and may require significant time and attention of our management. In addition, the integration of any business that we may acquire in the future may disrupt our existing business and may be a complex, risky and costly endeavor for which we may never realize the full benefits of the acquisition. Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any additional transactions of the nature described above, any additional transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our business, operations and clinical development timelines and plans are subject to risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and other epidemic diseases. 
 The COVID-19 worldwide pandemic has presented substantial public health and economic challenges and has affected our employees, patients, physicians and other healthcare providers, communities and business operations, as well as the U.S. and global economies and financial markets. International and U.S. governmental authorities in impacted regions have taken, and may continue to take, actions in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19 and variants of the virus. The continued spread of COVID-19 and the measures taken by governmental authorities, and any future epidemic or pandemic disease outbreaks, may cause disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies, clinical trials and financial condition, including by: 
 disrupting the supply chain and the manufacture or shipment of drug substances and finished drug products for our product candidates for use in our research, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

delaying, limiting or preventing our employees and CROs from continuing research and development activities; 

impeding our clinical trial initiation and recruitment and the ability of patients to continue in clinical trials, including the risk that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will contract COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; 

impeding testing, monitoring, study procedures (such as endoscopies that are deemed non-essential), data collection and analysis and other related activities that may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; and 

affecting the business of the FDA, European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory authorities, which could result in delays in meetings related to ongoing or planned clinical trials. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus, the identification of new variants, the rate of vaccine administration, and the actions taken to contain its impact. The COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In addition, if in the future there is an outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease or other health concern, we may be subject to similar risks as posed by COVID-19. 
 57 

Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history, do not expect to become profitable in the near future and may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire, if at all. At December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately 164.1 million and 222.5 million, respectively. 
 Under the Tax Act, federal NOL carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely. Under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act), federal NOL carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021 may be carried back to each of the five tax years preceding the tax year of such loss. The deductibility of federal NOL carryforwards, particularly for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, may be limited, along with NOLs generated in states that conform to the Tax Act or the CARES Act. In addition, our NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the IRS and state tax authorities. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (as amended, the Code), our federal and state NOL carryforwards, as well as research credit carryovers, may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership of our company. An ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Code generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We had an ownership change analysis completed through December 31, 2022 and determined that the Company experienced ownership changes on May 31, 2017, September 1, 2017, September 26, 2017, May 29, 2019 March 27, 2020 and January 29, 2021. Based on the annual limitations associated with the change dates, the Company determined that, with the exception of 968,000 of federal research credits and 562,000 of California NOLs, the Company s federal and state NOLs and credits generated prior to these change dates will be fully available within the carryover period, subject to an annual limitation on NOLs generated prior to January 29, 2021. The Company s use of federal and state NOLs and credit carryforwards could be further limited by the provisions of Section 382 depending on the timing and amount of additional equity securities that have or will be issued subsequently to December 31, 2022. If an ownership change(s) occur subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company s NOLs and credits may be restricted or eliminated. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability and the ability of our licensors and collaborators to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. We seek to protect our proprietary position, in part, by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad relating to our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. If we or our licensors are unable to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to our therapeutic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 Our current patent portfolio contains a limited number of patents and patent applications, some of which are in-licensed from third parties, related to various aspects of our therapeutic and diagnostic programs. While we co-own with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH one U.S. pending PCT application related to the composition of PRA052, we do not currently own or license any issued composition of matter patents covering PRA052, and we cannot be certain that any non-provisional patent applications we or our licensors may file will result in issued patent claims covering the composition of matter of PRA052. Provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, a non-provisional patent application is filed claiming priority to one or more of our related provisional applications within 12 months of filing the first-filed provisional patent application. Composition-of-matter patents on the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, in prescription drug products are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for drug products because those types of patents provide protection without regard to any particular method of use or manufacture or formulation of the API used. Method-of-use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method and formulation patents cover formulations of the API. These types of patents do not prevent a competitor or other third party from developing or marketing an identical product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method or from developing a different formulation that is outside the scope of the patented formulation. Moreover, with respect to method-of-use patents, even if competitors or other third parties do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications or uses for which we may obtain patents, physicians may recommend that patients use these products off-label, or patients may do so themselves. Although off-label use may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common, and this type of infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our patent portfolio will provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 58 

Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our protection. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we or our licensors are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient protection against competitors or other third parties. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming, and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, defend, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we do not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain and defend the patents, directed to technology that we license from third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensor in order to enforce the licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents and patent applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. We cannot be certain that patent prosecution and maintenance activities by our licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents or any patents that may issue from such patent applications. If our licensors fail to do so, this could cause us to lose rights in any applicable intellectual property that we in-license, and as a result, our ability to develop and commercialize products or product candidates may be adversely affected and we may be unable to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. 
 In addition, although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to obtain or maintain valid and enforceable patent protection. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or until issuance, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies is highly uncertain in general, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our owned or in-licensed patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. 
 Moreover, the claim coverage in a patent application can be significantly reduced before a corresponding patent issues. Even if our owned or in-licensed patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents issuing from our owned or in-licensed patent applications may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technology will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Even if a patent issues, our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent the patent by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and eventual product candidates, patents protecting our product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability and our patent rights may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We or any of our licensors may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review, or other similar proceedings challenging our patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 
 Moreover, some of our owned and in-licensed patent rights are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patent rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of such patent rights in order to enforce such patent rights against third 
 59 

parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Furthermore, our owned and in-licensed patent rights may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, the research resulting in certain of our patent rights and technology was funded in part by the U.S. government. As a result, the government may have certain rights, or march-in rights, to such patent rights and technology. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the U.S. Any exercise by the government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patent rights or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, such as certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patent rights or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. In addition, some jurisdictions, such as Europe, Japan and China, may have a higher standard for patentability than in the United States, including, for example, the requirement of claims having literal support in the original patent filing and the limitation on using supporting data that is not in the original patent filing. Under those heightened patentability requirements, we may not be able to obtain sufficient patent protection in certain jurisdictions even though the same or similar patent protection can be secured in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. 
 Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patent rights at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our owned or in-licensed patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 In 2012, the European Patent Package, or EU Patent Package, regulations were passed with the goal of providing a single pan-European Unitary Patent and a new European Unified Patent Court, or UPC, for litigation involving European patents. Implementation of the EU Patent Package will likely occur in the first half of 2023. Under the UPC, all European patents, including those issued prior to ratification of the European Patent Package, will by default automatically fall under the jurisdiction of the UPC. The UPC will provide our competitors with a new forum to centrally revoke our European patents, and allow for the possibility of a competitor to obtain pan-European injunctions. It will be several years before we will understand the scope of patent rights that will be recognized and the strength of patent remedies that will be provided by the UPC. Under the EU Patent Package as currently proposed, we will have the right to opt our patents out of the UPC over the first seven years of the court s existence, but doing so may preclude us from realizing the benefits of the new unified court. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 60 

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and patent applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned or licensed patents and patent applications. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensing partners to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or any future public health issue may impair our and our licensors ability to comply with these procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain or maintain patent protection for our products and product candidates. There may be situations in which a delay in, or failure to, file a patent application pertaining to certain subject matter will result in a lack of patent protection of that subject matter. Similarly, there may be situations in which a delay in, or failure to, respond to a patent office communication, pay a requisite fee, or otherwise maintain a patent application will result in loss of patent rights to that subject matter. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act) enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are typically not published until 18 months after filing or until issuance, or in some cases not at all, we cannot be certain that we were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our owned or in-licensed patent applications. 
 The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of patents issuing from those patent applications, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals, as well as diagnostic methods, are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. For example, U.S. Supreme Court rulings, such as Mayo Collaborative Servs. v. Prometheus Labs., Inc ., 566 U.S. 66 (2012) and Alice Corp. Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank Int l , 573 U.S. 208 (2014), have created judicial exceptions to patentability of diagnostic methods in the U.S. that are directed to laws of nature or natural phenomena. As such, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain patents covering our diagnostic candidates, including any companion diagnostics. These cases and others like them have created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways. In addition, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our owned and in-licensed patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 61 

Issued patents covering our therapeutic or diagnostic programs or other proprietary technologies we may develop could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. 
 Our patent rights may be subject to priority, validity, inventorship and enforceability disputes. Legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without merit, are unpredictable and generally expensive and time-consuming and likely to divert significant resources from our core business, including distracting our management and scientific personnel from their normal responsibilities and generally harm our business. If we or our licensors are unsuccessful in any of these proceedings, such patents and patent applications may be narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, we may be required to obtain licenses from third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may be required to cease the development, manufacture or commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we or one of our licensors initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our therapeutic or diagnostic programs or other proprietary technologies we may develop, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may raise claims challenging the validity or enforceability of a patent before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of or amendment to our patent rights in such a way that they no longer cover our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we or our licensing partners and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on products and product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional or international patent application filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent has expired, we may be vulnerable to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension for our product candidate, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any of our product candidates, one or more of our issued U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984 (Hatch-Waxman Amendments). The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term (PTE) of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar patent term restoration provisions to compensate for commercialization delay caused by regulatory review are also available in certain foreign jurisdictions, such as in Europe under Supplemental Protection Certificate (SPC). However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our owned or in-licensed patent rights and other intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patent rights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other 
 62 

proprietary technologies we may develop. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our patent rights, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patent protection for our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop, we also rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. With respect to Prometheus360 and our development programs, we consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our important sources of intellectual property. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. In particular, the trade secrets and know-how in connection with Prometheus360, development programs and other proprietary technology we may develop may over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology and the movement of personnel with scientific positions in academia and industry. 
 We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims that third parties have an ownership interest in our trade secrets. For example, we may have disputes arise from conflicting obligations of our employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidate. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging ownership of our trade secrets. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable trade secret rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, trade secrets that are important to our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our products and product candidates. 
 We cannot guarantee that any of our patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending patent application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our current and future products and product candidates in any jurisdiction. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending patent application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. We may incorrectly determine that our products or product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, and we may incorrectly conclude that a third-party patent is invalid and unenforceable. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products and product candidates. 
 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Some of our employees, consultants and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, 
 63 

consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violations against us or our collaborators may prevent or delay the development and commercialization of our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to avoid infringing, misappropriating and otherwise violating the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of complex litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, recently, due to changes in U.S. law, new procedures including inter partes review and post-grant review have also been implemented. As stated above, these changes add uncertainty to the possibility of challenges to our patent rights in the future. 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are commercializing or plan to commercialize our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and in which we are developing other proprietary technologies. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, and as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, the risk that our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and commercializing activities may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others increases. We cannot assure you that our therapeutic and diagnostic programs and other proprietary technologies we may develop will not infringe existing or future patents owned by third parties. We may not be aware of patents that have already been issued and that a third party, including a competitor in the fields in which we are developing our therapeutic and diagnostic programs, might assert as infringed by us. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe we infringe or that we believe we have valid defenses to any claims of patent infringement, could be found to be infringed by us. It is not unusual that corresponding patents issued in different countries have different scopes of coverage, such that in one country a third-party patent does not pose a material risk, but in another country, the corresponding third-party patent may pose a material risk to our products or product candidates. As such, we monitor third-party patents in the relevant pharmaceutical markets. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that we may infringe. 
 In the event that any third-party claims that we infringe their patents or that we are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and initiates litigation against us, even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that such patents are valid, enforceable and infringed by us. Defense of infringement claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and other employee resources from our business, and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing the infringing products or technologies. In addition, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties and/or redesign our infringing products or technologies, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to commercialize the infringing products or technologies or such commercialization efforts may be significantly delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. In addition, we may in the future pursue patent challenges with respect to third-party patents, including as a defense against the foregoing infringement claims. The outcome of such challenges is unpredictable. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, the foregoing proceedings could be very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Such proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings 
 64 

more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Such legal proceedings may also absorb significant time of our technical and management personnel and distract them from their normal responsibilities. Uncertainties resulting from such proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patent rights and other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Third parties, such as a competitor, may infringe our patent rights. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned by or licensed to us is invalid or unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that the patent does not cover such technology. In addition, our patent rights may become involved in inventorship, priority or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time consuming. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put our patent rights at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation and proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during such litigation and proceedings. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections of our applications by the USPTO or in other foreign jurisdictions. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to such rejections, we may be unable to overcome them. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, which may not survive such proceedings. Moreover, any name we have proposed to use with our product candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. Similar requirements exist in Europe. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA or an equivalent administrative body in a foreign jurisdiction objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. Furthermore, in many countries, owning and maintaining a trademark registration may not provide an adequate defense against a subsequent infringement claim asserted by the owner of a senior trademark. 
 We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, domain name or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 65 

others may be able to make products that are similar to our products and product candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license; 

we, or our licensing partners or collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our owned or licensed current or future patent applications; 

we, or our licensing partners or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering our or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our owned or licensed current or future patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

any patent issuing from our owned or licensed current or future patent applications may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties, or may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent or other intellectual property rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents or pending or future patent applications of others, if issued, may harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file for patent protection in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of the foregoing occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, and our licensors may not always act in our best interest. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual property licenses, if the licenses are terminated or if disputes regarding these licenses arise, we could lose significant rights that are important to our business. 
 We are dependent, in part, on patents, know-how and other intellectual property and proprietary technology licensed from others. We are a party to a number of license agreements under which we are granted rights to intellectual property that are important to our business and we may enter into additional license agreements in the future. For example, in September 2017, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Cedars-Sinai, as amended and restated in 2021, that grants us an exclusive license from Cedars-Sinai under certain patent rights, information and materials related to novel therapeutic targets and diagnostic products for our therapeutic programs that are important to our business . This agreement and our other existing license agreements impose, and we expect that any future license agreements where we in-license intellectual property, will impose on us, various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to bankruptcy-related proceedings, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market products covered by the license. 
 If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect our licensed intellectual property, our ability to commercialize product candidates could suffer. We do not have complete control over the maintenance, prosecution and litigation of our in-licensed patents, patent applications and other intellectual property and may have limited control over future intellectual property that may be in-licensed. For example, we cannot be certain that activities such as the maintenance and prosecution by our licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. It is possible that our licensors conduct of intellectual property enforcement or defense proceedings may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves, or may not be conducted in accordance with our best interests. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant patents, know-how and other intellectual property and proprietary technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Disputes that may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement could include disputes regarding: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

66 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our products and product candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

our right to transfer or assign the license agreement; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected technology, products or product candidates. As a result, any termination of or disputes over our intellectual property license agreements could result in the loss of our ability to develop and commercialize Prometheus360, or our therapeutic and diagnostic products or product candidates, or we could lose other significant rights, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 For example, our agreements with certain of our third-party research partners provide that improvements developed in the course of our relationship may be owned solely by either us or our third-party research partner, or jointly between us and the third party. If we determine that rights to such improvements owned solely by a research partner or other third party with whom we collaborate are necessary to commercialize our product candidates or maintain our competitive advantage, we may need to obtain a license from such third party in order to use the improvements and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing our products or product candidates. We may not be able to obtain such a license on an exclusive basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could prevent us from commercializing our products or product candidates or allow our competitors or others the chance to access technology that is important to our business. We also may need the cooperation of any co-owners of our intellectual property in order to prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce such intellectual property against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 The growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use third-party intellectual property and proprietary rights. Other pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions may own patents or may have filed, or be planning to file, patent applications potentially relevant to our business. In order to avoid infringing such patent rights, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses to such patent rights from such third-parties. For example, our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, we may develop product candidates containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds, or we may be required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to provide a companion diagnostic test or tests with our product candidates, any of which could require us to obtain rights to use intellectual property held by third parties. In addition, with respect to any patent or other intellectual property rights we may co-own with third parties, we may require licenses to such co-owners interest to such patent or other intellectual property rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. In addition, we may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Were that to happen, we may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by those third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate those intellectual property rights, which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, which means that our competitors may also receive access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Additionally, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Even if we hold such an option, we may be unable to negotiate a license from the institution within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies that may be more established or have greater resources than we do may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete these types of negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property related to the products or product candidates that we may seek to develop or market. If we are unable to 
 67 

successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of certain programs and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
 We, our collaborators and our service providers may be subject to a variety of data privacy and security laws, regulations, contractual obligations and industry standards, which could increase compliance costs and our failure to comply with them could subject us to potentially significant liability, fines or penalties and otherwise harm our business. 
 We, our collaborators and our service providers maintain a large quantity of sensitive information, including confidential business information, health-related and other personal information, and are subject to laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of such information. The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we and our collaborators and service providers may be affected by or subject to new, amended or existing laws and regulations in the future, including as our operations continue to expand or if we operate in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations may be subject to differing interpretations, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised. This may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer, use, share and otherwise process personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulation, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. In the United States, there are numerous federal and state data privacy and security laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information, including health information privacy laws, security breach notification laws and consumer protection laws(e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure, protection and other processing of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators and third-party providers. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we violate HIPAA. 
 In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health-related and other personal information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA, broader in scope or offer greater individual rights with respect to protected health information than HIPAA. These laws are evolving rapidly and may differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, gives California residents individual privacy rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that have increased the likelihood of, and risks associated with data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) generally went into effect on January 1, 2023, and significantly amends the CCPA. The CPRA imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It has also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 There also are a wide variety of privacy laws in other countries that may impact our operations, now or in the future. For example, in Europe, the GDPR imposes stringent requirements regarding the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer or other processing of personal data of individuals within the EEA, including providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for 
 68 

noncompliance of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The GDPR also confers a private right of action in some circumstances on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. 
 Among other things, the GDPR requires the establishment of a lawful basis for the processing of data, imposes requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, including detailed notices for clinical trial subjects and investigators, as well as requirements regarding the security of personal data and notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data processing authorities. In addition, the GDPR increases the scrutiny of transfers of personal data from clinical trial sites located in the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States. For example, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EU/EEA to the United States by invalidating the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) for purposes of international transfers and imposing further restrictions on the use of standard contractual clauses (SCCs). In March 2022, the US and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. European court and regulatory decisions subsequent to the CJEU decision of July 16, 2020 have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Further, since January 1, 2021, following the withdrawal of the UK from the European Union and the EEA and the end of the transition period, we have had to comply with the GDPR and separately the GDPR as implemented in the UK, each regime having the ability to fine up to the greater of 20 million/ 17 million or 4 of global turnover. 
 In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. In the United States, these include enforcement actions in response to rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state attorneys general and legislatures and consumer protection agencies. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the future, self-regulatory standards that may legally or contractually apply to us. If we fail to follow these security standards, even if no personal information is compromised, we may incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in costs. 
 Many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security and data breaches. Laws in all U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. 
 Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, update our data privacy and security policies and procedures, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure by us or our collaborators and service providers to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock could be highly volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The stock market in general and the market for stock of biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price at which they paid. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by those factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and many others, including: 
 results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and the results of trials of our competitors or those of other companies in our market sector; 

69 

our ability to enroll subjects in our future clinical trials; 

regulatory approval of our product candidates, or limitations to specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in the regulatory review process; 

regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

the success or failure of our efforts to develop, acquire or license additional product candidates; 

innovations, clinical trial results, product approvals and other developments regarding our competitors; 

manufacturing, supply or distribution delays or shortages; 

any changes to our relationship with any manufacturers, suppliers, collaborators or other strategic partners; 

achievement of expected product sales and profitability; 

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

market conditions in the biopharmaceutical sector and issuance of securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

an inability to obtain additional funding; 

sales of our stock by insiders and stockholders; 

general economic, industry and market conditions other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control; 

additions or departures of key personnel; and 

intellectual property, product liability or other litigation against us. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against biopharmaceutical companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 An active, liquid and orderly market for our common stock may not be maintained. 
 We can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market for our common stock. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies using our shares as consideration, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, if they choose to act together, have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 
 As of February 21, 2023, our executive officers, directors and greater than 5 stockholders, in the aggregate, own approximately 37.7 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, such persons, acting together, have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our board of directors or stockholders for approval, including the appointment of our management, the election and removal of directors and approval of any significant transaction, as well as our management and business affairs. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our business, even if such a transaction would benefit other stockholders. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation, if any, in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, under the terms of our Loan Agreement, we are prohibited from paying any cash dividends without the consent of the lenders and any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 70 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, our management is required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we are in process of implementing additional financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. If we or our auditors are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 Although we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, we cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. For example, in connection with the audits of our 2019 and 2020 annual consolidated financial statements, we and our independent registered public accounting firm identified a material weakness in our internal controls due to a lack of controls in the financial closing and reporting process, including a lack of segregation of duties and the documentation and design of formalized processes and procedures in the revenue cycle. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm begin its Section 404 reviews, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could significantly reduce the value of our shares to a potential acquiror or delay or prevent changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. The provisions in our charter documents include the following: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors, unless the board of directors grants such right to the stockholders, to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the required approval of at least 66-2/3 of the shares entitled to vote to remove a director for cause, and the prohibition on removal of directors without cause; 

the ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 

the ability of our board of directors to alter our amended and restated bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

the required approval of at least 66-2/3 of the shares entitled to vote to adopt, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

an exclusive forum provision providing that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

71 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Section 203, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, that, this provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. By agreeing to this provision, however, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say on pay voting requirements and pay versus performance disclosure requirements. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 The rules and regulations applicable to public companies have substantially increased and may continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We could face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA 
 72 

PATRIOT Act and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, CROs, contractors and other collaborators and partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we enter a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals. For example, we have engaged CROs to conduct our Phase 2 trials outside the United States, including in Russia and Ukraine. Additionally, we exclusively outlicensed commercialization rights for our PRA052 program to Falk in Europe, Australia and New Zealand. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, CROs, contractors and other collaborators and partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 
 Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. U.S. sanctions that have been or may be imposed as a result of military conflicts in other countries may impact our ability to continue activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions. For example, as a result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and its European allies have recently announced the imposition of sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia and the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine, as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries. These and any additional sanctions and export controls, as well as any economic countermeasures by the governments of Russia or other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our ability to continue activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions or directly or indirectly disrupt our supply chain. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. 
 We and any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers may use potent chemical agents and hazardous materials, and any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be time consuming or costly. 
 We and any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers and current or potential future collaborators will use biological materials, potent chemical agents and may use hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological agents and compounds that could be dangerous to human health and safety of the environment. Our operations and the operations of our third-party manufacturers and suppliers also produce hazardous waste products. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our product development efforts. In addition, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance for certain costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biologic, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which have tended to become more stringent over time. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our information technology systems, or those of any of our CROs, manufacturers, other contractors or consultants or current or potential future collaborators, may fail or experience security breaches or other unauthorized or improper access, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, transmit and otherwise process large amounts of data including, without limitation, proprietary business information and personal information. Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems (including infrastructure) and those of our current and any future CROs and other contractors, consultants and collaborators are vulnerable to privacy and information security incidents, such as data breaches, damage from computer viruses, cybersecurity threats (such as denial-of-service attacks, cyberattacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, hacking, phishing and other social engineering attacks), unauthorized access or use, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. As we become more dependent on information technologies to conduct our operations, such incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, may increase in frequency and sophistication. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or result in the unauthorized disclosure of or 
 73 

access to health-related or other personal information, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other similar disruptions. Some of the federal, state and foreign government requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personally identifiable information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or by our vendors, contractors, or organizations with which we have formed strategic relationships. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we and our partners may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Further, we do not have any control over the operations of the facilities or technology of our cloud and service providers, including any third-party vendors that collect, process and store personal information on our behalf. Our systems, servers and platforms and those of our service providers may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins that our or their security measures may not detect. Individuals able to circumvent such security measures may misappropriate our confidential or proprietary information, disrupt our operations, damage our computers or otherwise impair our reputation and business. We may need to expend significant resources and make significant capital investment to protect against security breaches or to mitigate the impact of any such breaches. There can be no assurance that we or our third-party providers will be successful in preventing security breaches or successfully mitigating their effects. 
 We and certain of our service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. Any security breach or other incident, whether real or perceived, that results in a loss of or accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access to, use of, release of, or other processing of personal, proprietary or other sensitive information could impact our reputation, cause us to incur significant liability and costs, including legal expenses, fines and penalties for any noncompliance with any privacy and security laws, harm customer confidence, hurt our expansion into new markets, cause us to incur remediation costs, or cause us to lose existing customers. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. We also rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Any insurance we maintain against the risk of this type of loss may not be sufficient to cover actual losses, or may not apply to the circumstances relating to any particular loss. For further discussion on the potential liability related to the violation of these laws, see Risk Factors We, our collaborators and our service providers may be subject to a variety of privacy and data security laws and contractual obligations, which could increase compliance costs and our failure to comply with them could subject us to potentially significant fines or penalties and otherwise harm our business . 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers were affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. In addition, our corporate headquarters is located in San Diego, California near major earthquake faults and fire zones, and the ultimate impact on us of being located near major earthquake faults and fire zones and being consolidated in a certain geographical area is unknown. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 Changes in U.S. tax law may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 74 

Changes in laws and policy relating to taxes may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the Tax Act significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. corporations. The Tax Act remains unclear in various respects and has been, and may continue to be, the subject of amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the Treasury and Internal Revenue Service (IRS), which have lessened or increased certain adverse impacts of the Tax Act and may continue to do so in the future. In addition, it is unclear how these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law to address the COVID-19 crisis. The CARES Act is an approximately 2 trillion emergency economic stimulus package that includes numerous U.S. federal income tax provisions, including the modification of: (i) NOL rules (as discussed above), (ii) the alternative minimum tax refund and (iii) business interest deduction limitations under Section 163(j) of the Code). We continue to work with our tax advisors and auditors to determine the full impact the Tax Act and the CARES Act will have on us. We urge our investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any changes in tax law and the potential tax consequences of investing in our common stock. 
 The 2017 tax reform act amended the Code, effective for amounts paid or incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, to eliminate the immediate expensing of research and experimental expenditures (R E) and require taxpayers to charge their R E expenditures and software development costs (collectively, R E expenditures) to a capital account. Capitalized costs are required to be amortized over five years (15 years for expenditures attributable to foreign research). Additionally, we may claim the R E credit only for costs that are eligible to be treated as R E expenditures under the Code, it is expected that any amounts treated as qualified research expenditures for purposes of the R E credit also will be capitalized under Code. Generally, we would expect both the amount of our net operating losses and R E credits generated to decrease compared to tax years 2021 and prior over the next 5 years. Due to our full federal valuation allowance, we anticipate these changes to be immaterial. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, interest in our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us, because biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, even if ultimately decided in our favor, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is currently located at 3050 Science Park Road, San Diego, California where we lease approximately 55,000 square feet of office and laboratory space. Our lease will expire in mid-2033 with an option to extend the term of the lease for an additional five years and may be terminated early in certain circumstances. We believe that are existing facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 For additional information, see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies included in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 75 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol RXDX. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 47,530,337 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 17 holders of record of our common stock. This number was derived from our shareholder records and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the name of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report for information about our equity compensation plans which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following stock performance graph illustrates a comparison from March 12, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) through December 31, 2022, of the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on March 12, 2021 at the opening trading price of 19.00 per share, and that all dividends were reinvested, although dividends have not been declared on our common stock. The comparisons in the graph are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
 76 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On March 11, 2021, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253323) was declared effective by the SEC for our IPO. At the closing of the offering on March 16, 2021, we sold 11,500,000 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,500,000 additional shares, at an initial public offering price of 19.00 per share and received gross proceeds of 218.5 million, which resulted in net proceeds to us of approximately 199.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 15.3 million and offering-related transaction costs of approximately 3.4 million. None of the expenses associated with the initial public offering were paid to directors, officers, persons owning ten percent or more of any class of equity securities, or to their associates, or to our affiliates. SVB Leerink LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that we have used approximately 67.0 million of the proceeds from our IPO for general corporate purposes, including the advancement of our development programs. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering from that described in the Prospectus. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. [Res erved] 
 77 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current beliefs, plans and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report. For the comparison of the financial results for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering a precision medicine approach to the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutic products for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases, starting first with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). We leverage our proprietary precision medicine platform, Prometheus360 , which includes one of the world s largest gastrointestinal (GI) bioinformatics databases and sample biobanks, to identify novel therapeutic targets, develop therapeutic candidates to engage those targets, and develop genetics-based diagnostic tests designed to identify patients more likely to respond to our therapeutic candidates. We have generated a robust pipeline of therapeutic development programs for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases. 
 Our lead product candidate, PRA023, is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) that has been shown to block the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-like ligand 1A (TL1A), a target associated with both intestinal inflammation and fibrosis. PRA023 s dual mechanism of action, targeting both inflammation and fibrosis, also provides a strong rationale for advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for indications beyond IBD. 
 In July 2021, we initiated ARTEMIS-UC, a global Phase 2 randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial of PRA023 in patients with moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis (UC) and APOLLO-CD, a global Phase 2a open-label clinical trial in patients with moderate-to-severe Crohn s disease (CD), each utilizing our genetics-based diagnostic candidate designed to identify patients who are predisposed to increased expression of TL1A and therefore potentially more likely to respond to PRA023. 
 In December 2022, we reported topline results from the initial cohort of ARTEMIS-UC (Cohort 1) and results from APOLLO-CD demonstrating strong efficacy and favorable safety results in both studies. We believe these results position PRA023 to be a potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for patients suffering from UC and CD. 
 We plan to advance PRA023 into pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials for UC and CD in 2023 after we meet with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and foreign regulatory authorities and finalize our Phase 3 clinical trial strategy. The expansion cohort of ARTEMIS-UC (Cohort 2) is designed to further assess the treatment effect of PRA023 in patients who test positive on our diagnostic candidate, and we expect results in the second quarter of 2023. 
 In March 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial for PRA023 in Systemic Sclerosis-associated Interstitial Lung Disease (SSc-ILD). The FDA has granted fast track designation for PRA023 for the treatment of SSc-ILD. Topline results from our Phase 2 trial of PRA023 in Systemic Sclerosis-Associated Interstitial Lung Disease (ATHENA-SSc-ILD) are expected in the first half of 2024. We are evaluating potentially advancing PRA023 into clinical trials for other indications where there is a strong mechanistic rational and high unmet need, and plan to announce our fourth indication for PRA023 in 2023. 
 Our second product candidate, PRA052, is an anti-CD30L mAb. The CD30L-CD30 co-stimulatory pathway has been implicated in IBD by genetic, preclinical, and human translational data. We filed an investigational new drug application (IND) for PRA052 in the third quarter of 2022 and then initiated a Phase 1 single ascending dose/multiple ascending dose clinical trial in normal healthy volunteers in the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect topline results from the Phase 1 study in the fourth quarter of 2023. We are also developing a proprietary genetics-based diagnostic test for PRA052 to identify patients that are more likely to respond to CD30L inhibition. 
 We continue to explore additional potential indications for our development programs and evaluate numerous other drug targets, identified through Prometheus360, for therapeutic utility for potential drug discovery development. We may also explore and evaluate entering into strategic collaborations for specific therapeutic indications or geographic territories in order to maximize the value of PRA023 and our other product candidates. The research and development of therapeutic product candidates and diagnostics comprises our therapeutics business segment. 
 78 

On June 30, 2019, we acquired from Nestl Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. (PLI), which marketed and conducted several laboratory developed tests useful to gastroenterologists in monitoring their IBD patients disease state. Prior to our acquisition of PLI in June 2019, we had devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing our Prometheus360 platform, discovering and identifying potential product candidates, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and conducting research and preclinical studies, and providing other general and administrative support for these operations. 
 On December 31, 2020, we completed the spinoff of PLI by making an in-kind distribution of 100 of our interest in PLI to our stockholders of record on December 30, 2020. Except as specifically indicated, the discussion of our operations excludes the operations of PLI, which are reported as a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report and in the following discussion. 
 We do not expect to generate any revenue from therapeutic product sales until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostics, which we expect will take a number of years and may never occur. 
 We have incurred operating losses in each year since inception. Our net losses, including those generated from PLI, were 141.8 million, 90.2 million and 37.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 331.1 million. We expect our expenses and operating losses will increase substantially as we conduct our ongoing planned preclinical studies and clinical trials, continue our research and development activities, develop and validate diagnostics, utilize third parties to manufacture our product candidates and related raw materials, hire additional personnel, protect our intellectual property and incur additional costs associated with being a public company, including audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance premiums, and investor relations costs. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities, as well as the generation of any services and collaboration revenue. 
 From inception and to the date of our initial public offering (IPO) in March 2021, we had raised a total of 175.6 million to fund our operations from gross proceeds from the sale and issuance of convertible preferred stock and 7.5 million from proceeds under our loan and security agreement (Loan Agreement) with Oxford Finance LLC and its affiliates (Oxford)(Oxford Loan). In March 2021, we completed our IPO with the sale of 11,500,000 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,500,000 additional shares, at an initial public offering price of 19.00 per share and received net of approximately 199.8 million. In July 2021, we voluntarily prepaid the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Oxford Loan of 7.5 million plus an additional 0.5 million consisting of the prepayment penalty, accrued interest, and final payment due under the terms of the Loan Agreement and Oxford released all liens against our assets and terminated our other applicable obligations. In December 2022, we completed the sale of an aggregate of 4,545,455 shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of 110.00 per share for net proceeds of 470.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 2,540,348 shares of common stock under our Open Market Sale Agreement (Sale Agreement) at a weighted-average price of 35.19 per share resulting in net proceeds of 85.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 695.8 million. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostics, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, including royalty payments under our license and collaboration agreements. As we continue to advance our pipeline of diagnostic products, we expect to incur additional costs associated with conducting clinical studies to demonstrate the utility of our products and support reimbursement efforts. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential additional collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 License and Collaboration Agreements 
 Our Collaboration with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center 
 In September 2017, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center (Cedars-Sinai), as amended and restated (the Cedars-Sinai Agreement), pursuant to which Cedars-Sinai granted us an exclusive, worldwide license with 
 79 

respect to certain patents, information and materials related to therapeutic targets and diagnostic products, to conduct research, develop, and commercialize therapeutic and diagnostic products for human use. The licensed technology includes information and materials arising out of Cedars-Sinai s database and biobank, as well as exclusive access to this database and biobank, which is an integral part of our Prometheus360 platform. As upfront consideration for the license agreement, we issued to Cedars-Sinai 257,500 shares of fully vested common stock and 335,000 shares of restricted common stock, which shares fully vested in September 2020. We are obligated to pay Cedars-Sinai low- to mid-single digit percentage royalties on net sales of therapeutic and diagnostic products covered under the agreement, including any related diagnostic products, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Cedars-Sinai Agreement. In August 2021, we amended and restated the Cedars-Sinai Agreement to, among other things, add a joint steering committee and cover new intellectual property. 
 Our Collaboration with Dr. Falk Pharma 
 In July 2020, we entered into a co-development and manufacturing agreement (the Falk Agreement) with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH (Falk), pursuant to which we will co-develop and commercialize, exclusively in our respective territories, our PRA052 therapeutic product candidate and diagnostic test. Under the Falk Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct such development activities under an agreed development plan and we are responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the United States and the rest of the world, other than the Falk territory. Falk is responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, the countries of the European Economic Area (excluding Malta and the Republic of Cyprus), Australia and New Zealand (Falk territory). Falk has agreed to fund 25 of our third-party development costs set forth in the development plan. Under the agreement, Falk paid us an upfront payment of 2.5 million and made a second payment of 2.5 million following the parties mutual agreement on the development plan. In addition, in June 2021, Falk made a milestone payment of 10 million to us upon the selection of a clinical candidate for our PRA052 program and, in December 2021, Falk made the final milestone payment of 5 million to us, based on our development of a companion diagnostic candidate for the PRA052 program. Falk is also obligated to pay us a mid-single to low-double digit royalty on net sales of all products incorporating antibodies covered by the agreement in the Falk territory and we agreed to pay Falk a low-single digit royalty on net sales for such products in our territory, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Falk Agreement. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Collaboration revenue 
 We currently derive all of our revenue from our collaboration agreement. For the foreseeable future, we expect to generate revenue from services performed under the Falk Agreement. We may receive a combination of upfront payments and milestone payments under our current and/or future collaboration agreements. 
 We do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of therapeutic products unless and until such time that our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostics have advanced through clinical development and regulatory approval, if ever. We expect that any revenue we generate, if at all, will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter as a result of the timing and amount of payments relating to such services and milestones and the extent to which any of our therapeutic product candidates are approved and successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete preclinical and clinical development of therapeutic product candidates or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenues, and our results of operations and financial position would be adversely affected. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist of external and internal costs associated with our research and development activities, including our discovery and research efforts, the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates and the development and validation of our diagnostics. Our research and development expenses include: 
 external costs, including expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants and our scientific advisors; and 

internal costs, including: 

o employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation; 

o the costs of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing and manufacturing preclinical study materials; and 

80 

o facilities, information technology and depreciation, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and depreciation of equipment. 

The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by program for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

PRA023 

73,151 

42,802 

PRA052 

22,641 

10,602 

Other preclinical programs 

17,056 

9,023 

Total research and development 

112,848 

62,427 

We expect our research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to progress our Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials of PRA023 globally, advance PRA052 through a Phase 1 clinical trial, develop diagnostic candidates, and continue to advance several preclinical research and development programs. The process of conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We may never succeed in achieving marketing approval for any of our product candidates. 
 The timelines and costs with research and development activities are uncertain and can vary significantly for each product candidate and development program and are difficult to predict. We anticipate we will make determinations as to which programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each program on an ongoing basis in response to preclinical and clinical results, regulatory developments, ongoing assessments as to each program s commercial potential, and our ability to maintain or enter into new collaborations, to the extent we determine the resources or expertise of a collaborator would be beneficial for a given program. We will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future. In addition, we cannot forecast which development programs may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 Our development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the number and scope of preclinical and IND-enabling studies; 

per patient trial costs; 

the number of trials required for approval; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of patients that participate in the trials; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

the number, costs and timing of developing diagnostics and scope of validation studies; 

potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient participation in the trials and follow-up; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing our product candidates; 

the phase of development of our product candidates; and 

the efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates and effectiveness of our diagnostics. 

General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for employees in our finance, accounting, legal, human resources, business development and support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include allocated facility, information technology and depreciation related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses and professional fees for auditing, tax, intellectual property and legal 
 81 

services. Costs related to filing and pursuing patent applications are recognized as general and administrative expenses as incurred since recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase for the foreseeable future to support our increased research and development activities. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest expense incurred in connection with our borrowings under the Loan Agreement and non-cash interest expense associated with the deferred purchase payments for PLI. 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt consists of the unamortized debt issuance costs, prepayment penalty and final payment due under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 Change in fair value of preferred stock purchase liability 
 In connection with the issuance of our Series D convertible preferred stock in 2020, the investors agreed to buy, and we agreed to sell, additional shares of such preferred convertible stock at the original issue price upon the achievement of pre-defined milestones. These contractual obligations were required to be accounted for as liabilities and remeasured to fair value at each reporting date, with any change in the fair value reported as a component of other income (expense). In January 2021, with the issuance of the Series D-2 convertible preferred stock, this contractual obligation was settled and the preferred stock purchase right liability was remeasured to fair value on the purchase date and recorded to convertible preferred stock, which was then subsequently reclassified to permanent equity in connection with the IPO. 
 Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 
 Changes in the fair value of preferred stock warrant liabilities relates to warrants for the purchase of convertible preferred stock issued in connection with our Loan Agreement. These warrants were converted into warrants for the purchase of common stock in connection with our IPO and were reclassified into stockholders equity. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 This section provides an analysis of our financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

82 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Collaboration revenue 

6,809 

3,129 

3,680 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

112,848 

62,427 

50,421 

General and administrative 

39,739 

28,505 

11,234 

Total operating expenses 

152,587 

90,932 

61,655 

Loss from operations 

(145,778) 

(87,803) 

(57,975) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest income 

4,026 

108 

3,918 

Interest expense 

(861) 

861 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

(554) 

554 

Change in fair value of preferred stock purchase right liability 

(980) 

980 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

(105) 

105 

Total other income (expense), net 

4,026 

(2,392) 

6,418 

Net loss 

(141,752) 

(90,195) 

(51,557) 

Revenue 
 Revenue was 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 3.7 million is mainly due to increase in revenue generated under the Falk Agreement. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 112.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 62.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 50.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by a 15.6 million increase in clinical trial expenses related to our global Phase 2 clinical trials of PRA023, a 11.8 million increase in expense related to our contract manufacturing activities to support our clinical trials, a 7.9 million increase in expenses related to personnel costs due to additional headcount to support increased development and clinical trial activities, and a 5.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, with the remainder due to increases in expenses related to research and development expenses for our other pre-clinical development programs and for ongoing development activities associated with our two most advanced programs, PRA023 and PRA052. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 39.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 28.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by a 4.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, a 2.5 million increase in personnel costs, a 1.5 million increase in consulting expenses, and a 1.0 million increase in facility expenses to support our expanded operations. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Interest income 
 Interest income was 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 3.9 million was primarily due to higher interest rates and investment in marketable securities. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense was zero for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to interest expense of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to the payoff of debt under the Loan Agreement in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 consists of the unamortized debt issuance costs, prepayment penalty and final payment due under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 83 

Change in Fair Value of Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Right Liability 
 The change in fair value of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability decreased 1.0 million. In January 2021, with the issuance of the Series D-2 convertible preferred stock, this contractual obligation was settled and the preferred stock purchase right liability was remeasured to fair value on the purchase date and reclassified to permanent equity. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 From our inception to the date of our IPO, we received aggregate gross proceeds of 175.6 million from the sale of convertible preferred stock, 7.5 million from borrowings under our Loan Agreement with Oxford and 8.2 million from amounts received under the Falk and Takeda Agreements. In March 2021, we completed our IPO with the sale of 11,500,000 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,500,000 additional shares, at an initial public offering price of 19.00 per share and received gross proceeds of 218.5 million, which resulted in net proceeds to us of approximately 199.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 15.3 million and offering-related transaction costs of approximately 3.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of 695.8 million. 
 Oxford Loan and Security Agreement 
 In January 2020, we entered into the Loan Agreement with Oxford, which provided for total borrowings of up to 25.0 million, of which 7.5 million was drawn upon execution of the agreement. In July 2021, we voluntarily prepaid the aggregate outstanding principal balance of 7.5 million plus an additional 0.5 million consisting of the prepayment penalty, final payment, and accrued interest due under the terms of the Loan Agreement, and the Loan Agreement was terminated in accordance with its terms. All liens and security interests securing the Oxford Loan were released upon termination. No additional amounts remain available for borrowing. 
 Under the Loan Agreement, interest accrued at an annual rate equal to the sum of (I) the greater of (a) the 30-day U.S. LIBOR rate reported the last business day of the month that immediately preceded the month in which the interest will accrue, and (b) 2.01 , plus (II) 5.98 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the annual rate was at no time to be less than 7.99 . From March 1, 2020 through February 28, 2023, we were required to make interest only payments. 
 In connection with execution of the Loan Agreement, we issued Oxford a warrant to purchase 112,500 shares of our Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share, exercisable at any time following issuance. The preferred stock warrant has a term of ten years. The warrant became exercisable for an aggregate of 14,884 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.558 per share upon the completion of our IPO. In December 2022, Oxford cashless exercised the warrant for 13,849 shares. 
 Open Market Sale Agreement 
 On April 1, 2022, we entered into the Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC (the Agent), pursuant to which we may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million in at the market offerings through the Agent. Sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, or as otherwise agreed with the Agent. The Agent will receive a commission from us of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Sale Agreement. 
 We are not obligated to sell, and the Agent is not obligated to buy or sell, any shares of common stock under the Sale Agreement. No assurance can be given that we will sell any shares of common stock under the Sale Agreement, or, if we do, as to the price or amount of shares of common stock that we sell or the dates when such sales will take place. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 2,540,348 shares of common stock under the Sale Agreement at a weighted-average price of 35.19 resulting in net proceeds of approximately 85.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, we may sell up to an additional 60.6 million of shares of our common stock under the Sale Agreement. 
 Public Offering of Common Stock 
 On December 8, 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement (Underwriting Agreement) with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, SVB Securities LLC and Jefferies LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, Underwriters), 
 84 

relating to the issuance and sale of 4,545,455 shares of our common stock. In addition, under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 681,818 additional shares of common stock at 110.00 per share. On December 13, 2022, we completed the sale of an aggregate of 4,545,455 shares of our common stock at a price of 110.00 per share. The net proceeds to us from the offering were approximately 470.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and public offering expenses. In January 2023, the Underwriters exercised the option to purchase an additional 483,256 shares resulting in net proceeds of approximately 50.1 million after deducting offering costs. 
 Future Capital Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments in the amount of 695.8 million. Based upon our current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. However, our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of conducting preclinical studies and testing product candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress and expenses in these studies and trials is uncertain. 
 Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: 
 the type, number, scope, progress, expansions, results, costs and timing of, discovery, preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates which we are pursuing or may choose to pursue in the future; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing for our product candidates and commercial manufacturing if any product candidate is approved; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of developing our diagnostics, and the outcome of regulatory review; 

the success of our current and any future collaborations, including the timing and amount of payments made to us under the Falk Agreement or any future collaboration agreements; 

the costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our patents and other intellectual property rights; 

the additional costs we may incur as a result of operating as a public company, including our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the timing and amount of payments that we must make to the licensors and other third parties from whom we have in-licensed intellectual property rights related to our Prometheus360 platform and product candidates; 

the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as our preclinical and clinical activities increase; 

the costs and timing of maintaining our sales and marketing capabilities and any expansion thereof, including if any product candidate is approved; 

our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products and diagnostics; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; and 

costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 

Other than our collaboration agreements, we have no other committed sources of capital. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, if ever, we expect to finance our future cash needs primarily through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Any future debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through other collaborations or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt 
 85 

financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates to third parties that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) 

Operating activities 

(123,254) 

(63,505) 

Investing activities 

(403,779) 

(1,136) 

Financing activities 

562,202 

267,694 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

35,169 

203,053 

Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was 123.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash used in operating activities of 63.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 59.7 million was primarily the result of the increase in net loss of 51.6 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 14.0 million, partially offset by increases in noncash charges of 5.8 million. The increase in net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by a 16.3 million decrease in deferred revenue as a result of milestone payments received under the Falk Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 5.8 million increase in noncash charges was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 403.8 million and 1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by proceeds from maturities of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 562.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 267.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 589.4 million from the sale of our common stock in public offerings, offset by payments of 32.9 million in public offering costs, 5.0 million from stock option exercises, and 0.7 million from issuance of common stock under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received proceeds of 218.5 million from the sale of our common stock in our IPO, proceeds of 73.7 million from the sale of shares of our Series D-2 convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs, and proceeds of 0.4 million from the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan offset by 8.0 million used in repayment of debt and 17.3 million in financing costs. 
 Critical Accounting Polices and Estimates 
 This management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities revenue and expenses. 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. 
 86 

While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe the following accounting policies and estimates to be most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 To date, all of our revenue has been derived from our collaboration agreements with Falk and Takeda. The terms of these arrangements include payments to us for the following: non-refundable, upfront license fees; development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments; payments for research, and royalties on net sales of licensed products. 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). In accordance with ASC 606, we perform the following steps in determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under each of these agreements: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when, or as satisfy each performance obligation. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 With respect to our assessment of the Falk and Takeda Agreements, we identified one performance obligation for each deliverable under the agreement since the delivered elements are not distinct within the context of the contract. Accordingly, we will recognize revenue for the transaction price in an amount proportional to the collaboration expenses incurred and the total estimated collaboration expenses over the period over which it expects to deliver its performance obligations. We included certain milestones in the transaction price as they were deemed not probable of significant reversal at the inception of the agreement. Due to the uncertainty in the achievement of the developmental and commercial milestones, the variable consideration associated with these future milestone payments has been fully constrained (excluded) from the transaction price until such time that we conclude that it is probable that a significant reversal of previously recognized revenue will not occur. 
 Amounts received prior to satisfying the above revenue recognition criteria were recognized as deferred revenue until all applicable revenue recognition criteria were met. Deferred revenue represented the portion of payments received that have not been earned. Refer to Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for quantitative disclosures related to revenue recognition. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense for employee and non-employee stock option grants and restricted stock units is recorded at the estimated fair value of the award as of the grant date and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (usually the vesting period) of the stock-based award, and forfeitures are recognized as incurred. Stock-based compensation expense for employee stock purchases under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, is recorded at the estimated fair value of the purchase as of the plan enrollment date and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the applicable six-month ESPP offering period. 
 We estimate the fair value of our stock-based awards using the Black-Scholes model. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected term and expected dividend yield. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require judgment to develop. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for information concerning certain of the specific assumptions we used in applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value 
 87 

of our stock options granted in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Stock-based compensation totaled approximately 20.9 million, 10.7 million, and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock units was 105.8 million which is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 3.25 years. 
 Common Stock Valuations 
 Prior to our IPO in March 2021, the fair value of the common stock underlying our equity awards was determined on each grant date by our board of directors, taking into account input from management and independent third-party valuation analyses. Following the completion of our IPO, the fair value of our common stock is based on the closing price as reported on the date of grant on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Research and Development and Clinical Trial Accruals 
 We are required to make estimates of our accrued expenses resulting from our obligations under contracts with CROs, manufacturers, vendors and consultants, in connection with conducting research and development activities. The financial terms of these contracts vary from contract to contract and may result in payment flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided under such contracts. We reflect research and development expenses in our financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which services and efforts are expended. 
 We account for these expenses according to the progress of the preclinical study as measured by the timing of various aspects of the study or related activities. In accruing for these activities, we obtain information from various sources and estimates level of effort or expense allocated to each period. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We have obligations related to our operating lease for office and laboratory space in San Diego, California. In March 2021, we executed a non-cancellable lease agreement for office and laboratory space, which commenced in March 2022. The lease was subsequently amended in October 2021 to allow for occupancy of an additional floor. The amended lease commenced in September 2022 for the expansion premises with an initial term of 127.5 months and an option to extend the lease term for an additional five-year term. Initial monthly rental payments are approximately 0.3 million with rent escalation and we are also responsible for certain operating expenses and taxes throughout the lease term. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business for contract research services, contract manufacturing services, professional services and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination after a notice period, and, therefore, are cancelable contracts. Any related cancellation fees are not reasonably possible to estimate if and when these provisions would be triggered and, therefore, the amounts are not fixed and determinable at this time. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consist of cash held in readily available checking and money market accounts, as well as high-quality U.S. government and agency securities, corporate debt securities, and commercial paper. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of United States interest rates. To minimize our exposure due to adverse shifts in interest rates, we ensure that the average maturity of our investments does not exceed 12 months. If a 1 change in interest rates were to have occurred on December 31, 2022, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. Due to the short holding period of our investments, we have concluded that we do not have a material financial market risk exposure. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 88 

Our expenses are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we have entered into a limited number of contracts with vendors for research and development services that are denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our contracts denominated in foreign currencies. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements, and we have not had a formal hedging program with respect to foreign currency. A hypothetical 1 increase or decrease in exchange rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial results. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our financial results during the periods presented. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 89 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Clinical Trial Accruals 
 
 As described in Note 2 and Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes costs incurred pursuant to contracts with clinical research organizations CROs that conduct and manage clinical trials on the Company s behalf as research and development expenses. When accruing for these services, the Company estimates the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period based on communication with the CROs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded 4.4 million for accrued clinical trial expenses for the estimated costs incurred but not yet billed or paid. 
 
 We identified the auditing of the Company s accrued clinical trial expenses as a critical audit matter. Due to the long duration of clinical trials and the timing of invoicing received from CROs, the estimate of the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort expended each period requires significant management judgment. Auditing these elements involved subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of the audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the accuracy of the Company s clinical trial accrual by inspecting the Company s contractual agreements with certain CROs and any change orders. 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of the Company s clinical trial accrual by confirming directly with certain CROs the amounts due at December 31, 2022 and total clinical trial expenses incurred on behalf of the Company for services provided during 2022. 

Testing the completeness of the Company s clinical trial accruals by (i) evaluating publicly available information (such as press releases, investor presentations and public databases that track clinical trials) and board of directors materials, and (ii) inquiring of the Company s clinical staff to gain an understanding of the status of significant clinical trials. 

90 

Discontinued Operations 
 
 As described in Note 7, in December 2020, the Company completed a spin-off of Prometheus Laboratories, Inc., which has been presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 San Diego, California 
 February 28, 2023 

91 

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par value amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, non-current 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Common stock par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; shares and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Collaboration revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expense 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

() 

Change in fair value of preferred stock purchase right liability 

() 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Loss from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 93 

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Pr eferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated Other 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Comprehensive Loss 

Deficit 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock for cash, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock upon release of escrow of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

Issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock for deferred purchase price 

Issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock for cash, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock for deferred purchase price 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services 

Vesting of common shares issued to founders 

Vesting of common shares issued for licensing rights 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Impact of spinoff of diagnostic services business 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock for cash, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock for settlement of deferred purchase price 

Reclassification of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common stock at initial public offering 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares of common stock in initial public offering for cash, net of issuance costs of 

Reclassification of convertible preferred stock warrants 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock in public offerings, net of issuance costs of 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Cashless exercise of common stock warrant 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expenses 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities, net 

() 

Noncash lease expense 

Change in fair value of preferred stock purchase right liability 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

Common stock issued in exchange for services 

Noncash interest expense 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Payments made to PLI 

() 

Payable to PLI 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities discontinued operations 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Payments of stock issuance costs 

() 

Repayment of debt 

() 

Proceeds from sale of common stock in initial public offering 

Proceeds from sale of common stock in public offerings, gross 

Payment of public offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon stock option exercises 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period continuing operations 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents cash at end of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period continuing operations 

Supplemental disclosures 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest expense on Oxford debt 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common stock upon completion of initial public offering 

Reclassification of preferred stock purchase right liability to equity due to issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock 

Reclassification of warrant liability to equity due to conversion from preferred stock warrant to common stock warrant upon completion of initial public offering 

Issuance of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock for the settlement of deferred purchase price 

Acquisition-related consideration held in escrow 

() 

Issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock for deferred purchase price 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Public offering costs incurred, but not paid included in accrued expenses and accounts payable 

Costs incurred, but not paid, in connection with capital expenditures included in accounts payable 

Preferred stock purchase right liability 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLI DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 under the name Precision IBD, Inc. and is headquartered in San Diego, California. The Company changed its name to Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. on October 1, 2019. The Company s business is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapeutic and diagnostic products for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases, starting first with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). In June 2019, the Company acquired Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. (PLI) and the related intangible assets used by PLI. PLI was wholly owned by Nestl Health Science US Holdings, Inc. and the related intangible assets were owned by Societ Des Produits Nestl S.A (together, Nestl (see Note 7). PLI markets and conducts several laboratory developed tests useful to gastroenterologists in monitoring their IBD patients disease state and informing their therapeutic decisions. On December 31, 2020, the Company completed the spinoff of PLI by making an in-kind distribution of of its interest in PLI to the Company s stockholders of record on December 30, 2020 (see Note 7). Reverse Stock Split On March 5, 2021, the (the Reverse Stock Split). The par value and the authorized shares of the common stock were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All issued and outstanding common stock and the conversion prices and ratio of the convertible preferred stock have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. Initial Public Offering On March 16, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering (IPO) with the sale of shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares, at an initial public offering price of per share and received gross proceeds of million, which resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately million and offering-related transaction costs of approximately million. In addition, in connection with the completion of the IPO, all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into shares of the Company s common stock; outstanding warrants to purchase shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock; and the Company s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to authorize shares of common stock and shares of undesignated preferred stock. Liquidity The Company has incurred net losses since inception, experienced negative cash flows from operations, and as of December 31, 2022, has an accumulated deficit of million . The Company has historically financed its operations primarily through private placements of convertible preferred stock, proceeds from the Company's IPO in March 2021 and proceeds from the sale of its common stock through a public offering and an at the market offering. The Company expects operating losses and negative cash flows from operations to continue for the foreseeable future. The Company believes its current capital resources will be sufficient for the Company to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. The Company will be required to raise additional capital, however, there can be no assurance as to whether additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. If sufficient funds on acceptable terms are not available when needed, it would have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition and could force the Company to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates or testing products that the Company would otherwise plan to develop. 

 96 

segment. The Company operates solely in the United States. 
 
 realized gains and losses from sales of marketable securities during any of the periods presented. At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the unrealized loss is other-than-temporary. When the Company determines that a decline in the fair value below its cost basis is other-than-temporary, the Company recognizes an impairment loss in the period in which the other-than-temporary decline occurred. There have been other-than-temporary impairments recognized during any of the periods presented. The Company excludes accrued interest from the fair value and amortized cost basis of marketable securities. As of December 31, 2022 , million of accrued interest receivable related to marketable securities has been recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 t record any credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 . Repairs and maintenance charges that do not increase the useful life of the assets are charged to operating expenses as incurred. 

million change in fair value into other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 , and weighted-average shares subject to repurchase or forfeiture from the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Dilutive common stock equivalents are comprised of convertible preferred stock, options and restricted stock units outstanding under the Company s stock option plan, warrants to purchase common or convertible preferred stock and ESPP shares pending issuance. Basic and diluted net loss attributable to common holders per share is presented in conformity with the two- class method required for participating securities as the convertible preferred stock are considered participating securities. The Company s participating securities do not have a contractual obligation to share in the Company s losses. As such, the net loss was attributed entirely to common stockholders. Accordingly, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted shares outstanding. 

Common stock options issued and outstanding 

Restricted stock units 

Warrants to purchase common stock outstanding 

Warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock outstanding 

ESPP shares pending issuance 

Total 

Commercial paper 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt securities 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Total short-term investments 

Total assets measured at fair value 

The Company had financial instruments measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021. The Company determines the fair value of its marketable securities based on one or more valuations from its investment accounting and reporting service provider. The investment service provider values the securities using a hierarchical security pricing model that relies primarily on valuations provided by an industry-recognized valuation service. Such valuations may be based on trade prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 inputs) or valuation models using inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs), such as quoted prices for similar assets, yield curves, volatility factors, credit spreads, default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments or debt, and broker and dealer quotes, as well as other relevant economic measures. There were transfers within the hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . At December 31, 2020, Level 3 liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of warrants to purchase shares of convertible preferred stock and a preferred stock purchase right liability. The Company had Level 3 liabilities at December 31, 2022 as the liabilities for the warrants to purchase shares of convertible preferred stock and the preferred stock purchase right was remeasured and reclassified to stockholders equity upon the closing of the Company s IPO in March 2021 and the issuance of shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock in January 2021, respectively. Convertible Preferred Stock Warrant Liability The convertible preferred stock warrant liability was recorded at fair value utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model using significant unobservable inputs consistent with the inputs used for the Company s stock-based compensation expense adjusted for the preferred stock warrants expected term and the fair value of the underlying preferred stock. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Preferred Stock Purchase Right Liability Upon issuance of the shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock in January 2021, the liability was remeasured using a valuation model that considered: (i) the risk-free rate commensurate with the expected milestone timing of ; (ii) the probability of the Series D-2 tranche of ; (iii) volatility of ; (iv) consideration received for the Series D-1 preferred stock; (v) the number of shares to be issued to satisfy the preferred stock purchase right and at what price; and (vi) certain implied and provided assumptions needed to calibrate the Series D-1 value and the Series D-2 purchase right, and as a result of closing the sale of shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock, a charge of million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. Activity of Liabilities Using Fair Value Level 3 Measurements 

Acquisition-related consideration released from escrow 

() 

Issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock warrants 

Issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock purchase right liability 

Change in fair value 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Change in fair value 

Conversion/Settlement during 2021 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Commercial paper 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Commercial paper 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

U.S. government and agency securities 

() 

Total short-term investments 

() 

Total marketable securities 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 , ne of the marketable securities held have been in an unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months. The Company does not intend to sell these investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis. Accordingly, allowance for credit losses was recorded. There were marketable securities as of December 31, 2021. 

 104 

Prepaid contract manufacturing expenses 

Prepaid research and development expenses 

Other prepaid expenses 

Total 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment and furniture 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

Accrued salaries and payroll taxes 

Accrued ESPP 

Accrued severance 

Total 

Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued contract manufacturing expenses 

Accrued research and development expenses 

Accrued legal expenses 

Payable to PLI 

Unvested early exercise liability 

Accrued other 

Total 

105 

shares of fully vested common stock, and (ii) shares of unvested restricted common stock, all of which is vested as of December 31, 2020. The fair value of all of the shares were measured at the date of issuance. The shares of unvested restricted common stock had vesting conditions tied to continuing services required of certain Cedars-Sinai employees pursuant to consulting agreements with the Company. One third of the restricted shares were released from restriction annually on the anniversary of the Cedars-Sinai Agreement over a period. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay Cedars-Sinai low- to mid-single digit percentage royalties on net sales of products covered under the Cedars-Sinai Agreement. The term of, and the Company s royalty obligations under, the Cedars-Sinai Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the later of from the date of first commercial sale or when there is no longer a valid patent claim covering such licensed product in such country. Co-Development and Manufacturing Agreement with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH In July 2020, the Company entered into a Co-Development and Manufacturing Agreement (the Falk Agreement) with Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH (Falk), pursuant to which the parties will co-develop and commercialize, exclusively in their respective territories, therapeutic product candidates targeting members of the TNF super family for the treatment of UC and CD under the Company s PRA052 program. Under the Falk Agreement, the Company is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct development activities under an agreed development plan and the Company is responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the United States and the rest of the world, other than the Falk territory. Falk is responsible for regulatory approvals and commercialization of any products in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, the countries of the European Economic Area (excluding Malta and the Republic of Cyprus), Australia and New Zealand (Falk territory). Falk agreed to fund of the Company s third-party development costs set forth in the development plan. Under the agreement, Falk paid the Company an upfront payment of million and made a second payment of million following the parties mutual agreement on the development plan. In addition, in June 2021, Falk made a milestone payment to the Company of million upon the selection of a clinical candidate for the PRA052 program and, in December 2021, Falk made the final milestone payment of million, based on the Company s development of a diagnostic candidate for the PRA052 program. Falk is also obligated to pay the Company a mid-single to low-double digit royalty on net sales of all products incorporating antibodies covered by the agreement in the Falk territory, and the Company agreed to pay Falk a low-single digit royalty on net sales for such products in the Company s territory. The Company has identified one performance obligation for all the deliverables under the Falk Agreement. Accordingly, the Company is recognizing revenue for the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation in an amount proportional to the collaboration expenses incurred and the total estimated collaboration expenses over the period over which it expects to satisfy its performance obligation. The Company included the upfront payment and all milestone payments in the transaction price as it was deemed not probable of significant reversal at the inception of the agreement. In connection with the Falk Agreement, the Company recognized revenue of million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and had deferred revenue of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This deferred revenue balance is expected to be recognized proportionally as expenses are incurred over the estimated term. Companion Diagnostic Development Agreement with Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. In March 2019, the Company entered into a Companion Diagnostics Development and Collaboration Agreement (the Takeda Agreement) with Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda. In March 2022, the Company and Takeda mutually agreed to terminate the agreement, effective April 2022. In connection with the Takeda Agreement, the Company recognized revenue of million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, and had deferred revenue of and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amounts received 

Revenue recognized 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Amounts received/credited 

() 

Revenue recognized 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Amounts received 

Revenue recognized 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company recognized revenue of million and million out of the beginning deferred revenue balance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to recognize million of the deferred revenue balance in 2023 . 

 of the common stock of PLI and the related intangible assets used by PLI for total consideration of approximately million, consisting of the issuance of million shares of the Company s Series C convertible preferred stock with a fair value of million, the present value of million in deferred cash payments due as follows: million due on June 30, 2020 and million due on June 30, 2021, and acquisition-related contingent consideration consisting of shares of the of the Company s Series C convertible preferred stock with a fair value of million. The deferred cash payments totaling million were not contingent upon any event and to reflect the interest component were discounted at . In June 2020, million of deferred cash payments were converted to shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and in October 2020, million of deferred cash payments were converted to shares of Series D convertible preferred stock. In addition, in January 2021, million of deferred cash payments were converted to shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock. The acquisition-related contingent consideration stipulated certain revenue thresholds for the Anser test during the first calendar year following the acquisition. The shares were released from escrow on June 30, 2020. In December 2020, in order to achieve the Company s strategic objectives, the Company s board of directors approved the spinoff of PLI by making an in-kind distribution of of its interest in PLI to the Company s stockholders of record on December 30, 2020. In connection with the spinoff, which was effected on December 31, 2020, the Company assigned PLI specific intellectual property to PLI; entered into a transition services agreement whereby the Company agreed to provide PLI with certain transition services including general and administrative, finance and clinical operations support; and entered into a sublease agreement under which the Company occupied approximately square feet in the PLI facility for a term of , which was subsequently extended for six months through June 2022. Post spinoff, the Company retained obligations under the Oxford Loan (see Note 8) and for the deferred cash payments to Nestl . 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of diagnostic services revenue 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Restructuring 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Goodwill impairment charge 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Interest income 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

() 

108 

million, of which million was drawn upon execution of the agreement. In July 2021, we voluntarily prepaid the aggregate outstanding principal balance of million plus an additional million consisting of the prepayment penalty, final payment, and accrued interest due under the terms of the Loan Agreement, and the Loan Agreement was terminated in accordance with its terms. All liens and security interests securing the Oxford Loan were released upon termination. No additional amounts remain available for borrowing. Under the Loan Agreement, interest accrued at an annual rate at the greater of (a) the 30-day U.S. LIBOR rate reported the last business day of the month that immediately precedes the month in which the interest will accrue, or (b) , plus , with a minimum annual rate of . From March 1, 2020 through February 28, 2023, the Company was required to make interest only payments. In connection with execution of the Loan Agreement, the Company issued Oxford a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of per share, exercisable at any time following issuance. The preferred stock warrant has a term of . The warrant became exercisable for an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share upon the completion of the Company s IPO. In December 2022, Oxford cashless exercised the warrant for shares. 

 109 

shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. Convertible Preferred Stock In connection with the completion of the Company s IPO on March 16, 2021, all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into shares of the Company s common stock and outstanding warrants to purchase shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock In March 2020, the Company sold shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and received net cash proceeds totaling million. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock In October 2020, the Company entered into a Series D convertible preferred stock purchase agreement (Series D SPA) under which it issued shares of Series D-1 convertible preferred stock, for cash, at a price of per share, for net proceeds of million (the Initial Series D Closing). In addition, shares of Series D-1 convertible preferred stock were issued to Nestl in satisfaction of a deferred purchase price obligation of million. The Series D SPA contained provisions that potentially obligated the Company to issue an additional shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock at per share in an additional closing, of which was issuable to Nestl for satisfaction of deferred purchase price obligations of million, upon the approval by the Company s board of directors, or at the option of the investors who participated in the Initial Series D Closing, or upon the achievement of certain milestones as defined in the Series D SPA, which purchase right terminates upon certain specified events, including an initial public offering of the Company, if any. The Company determined its obligation to issue additional shares of the Company s Series D-2 convertible preferred stock in the Initial Series D Closing represented a freestanding financial instrument that required liability accounting. This freestanding preferred stock purchase right liability for the additional closing was recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of the Initial Series D Closing, the estimated fair value of the preferred stock purchase right liability was million. In January 2021, shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock were issued, of which, were issued to Nestl for the satisfaction of deferred purchase price obligations of million. Upon the closing of the sale of these shares, the preferred stock purchase right liability was remeasured to fair value and the change in fair value of million was recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The liability was then reclassified to stockholders equity. Sale Agreement On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement (the Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC (the Agent ), pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million in at the market offerings through the Agent. Sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, or as otherwise agreed with the Agent. The Agent will receive a commission from the Company of of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Sale Agreement. The Company is not obligated to sell, and the Agent is not obligated to buy or sell, any shares of common stock under the Sale Agreement. No assurance can be given that the Company will sell any shares of common stock under the Sale Agreement, or, if it does, as to the price or amount of shares of common stock that it sells or the dates when such sales will take place. The Company and the Agent may each terminate the Sale Agreement at any time upon specified prior written notice. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of its common stock under the Sale Agreement at a weighted-average price of resulting in net proceeds of approximately million. Public Offering In December 2022, the Company completed the sale of an aggregate of shares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of per share. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and public offering expenses payable by the Company. Equity Incentive Plan In 2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan), which as amended, had shares of common stock reserved for issuance. Under the 2017 Plan, the Company could grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other awards to individuals who are employees, non-employee directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries. The maximum term of the options granted under the 2017 Plan was no more than . The 2017 Plan allowed for the early exercise of all stock options granted if authorized by the board of directors at the time of grant. In February 2021, the board of directors adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan), which became effective in connection with the IPO. Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, the Company ceased granting awards under the 2017 Plan. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and other stock or cash-based awards to individuals who are then employees, officers, non-employee directors or consultants of the Company. The number of shares initially available for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan is the sum of (1) shares of common stock, plus (2) any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2017 Plan as of the effective date of the 2021 Plan that become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan thereafter in accordance with its terms. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will be increased annually on the first day of each fiscal year during the term of the 2021 Plan, beginning with the 2022 fiscal year, by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) of the shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year or (b) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance increased by at January 1, 2022, and at December 31, 2022, shares remain available for issuance under the 2021 Plan, including the automatic increase of on January 1, 2022. The maximum term of options granted under the 2021 Plan is and grants generally vest at from the vesting commencement date and ratably each month thereafter for a period of months, subject to continuous service. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled/forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

T he aggregate intrinsic values presented in the table above were calculated as the difference between the closing price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022 and the exercise price of stock options that had strike prices below the closing price. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million , million , and million respectively. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected Term The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding. Due to the lack of historical exercise history, the expected term of the Company s employee stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. Expected Volatility The estimated volatility was based on the historical volatility of the common stock of a group of publicly traded companies deemed comparable to the Company. Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is the implied yield in effect at the time of the option grant based on U.S. Treasury securities with contract maturities similar to the expected term of the Company s stock options. Dividend Rate The Company has not paid any cash dividends on common stock since inception and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, an expected dividend yield of zero was used. Restricted Stock Units 

Cancelled 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

The Company s current restricted stock units vest from the grant date or annually over four years, subject to continued service. The fair-value of each restricted stock unit is determined on the grant date using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic value of restricted stock units is the value of the shares awarded at the closing price of the Company's common stock at December 31, 2022. Early Exercise Liability The unvested shares of the early-exercised options are held in escrow until the stock option becomes fully vested or until the employee s termination, whichever occurs first. The right to repurchase these shares lapses over the vesting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the early exercise liability was approximately and , respectively. For accounting purposes, the early exercise of options is not considered to be a substantive exercise until the underlying awards vest. 

Vested during the period 

() 

() 

Unvested at end of year 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2021, the Company s board of directors approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP), which became effective upon the pricing of the Company s IPO on March 16, 2021. The ESPP permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. Initially, a total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be annually increased on the first day of each fiscal year during the term of the ESPP, beginning with the 2022 fiscal year, by an amount equal to the lessor of: (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year; or (ii) such other amount as the Company s board of directors may determine. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP increased by at January 1, 2022. Stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the ESPP was million and million , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has issued shares under the ESPP. The Company had an outstanding liability of million at December 31, 2022, which is included in accrued compensation on the consolidated balance sheets, for employee contributions to the ESPP for shares pending issuance at the end of the offering period. At December 31, 2022, shares remain available for issuance under the ESPP. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Discontinued operations 

Total stock-based compensation 

As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock units is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Stock Option Modification In August 2021, in connection with the passing of the Company s former Chairman of the board of directors, the Company fully accelerated all of the former Chairman s outstanding equity awards, which resulted in a charge of million to stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 

Warrants to purchase common stock outstanding 

Restricted stock units 

Shares available for issuance under equity incentive plan 

Shares available for issuance under the ESPP 

Total 

113 

with an option to the lease for an additional term. The lease provides for initial monthly rental payments of approximately million with rent escalation and the Company is also responsible for certain operating expenses and taxes throughout the lease term. In addition, the Company received million of tenant improvements, all of which were deemed to be owned by the landlord. Under the relevant guidance, the Company recognized an operating lease right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability of million each based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date, using the Company s assumed incremental borrowing rate, and amortizes the ROU asset and lease liability over the lease term. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In October 2021, the Company executed an amendment to the lease agreement to expand the leased premises First Floor Lease ). The amended lease extends the initial term of the original lease to months following the commencement date of the expansion premises, with an option to the lease term for an additional term. In , the Company took control of the expansion premises and the amended lease term commenced with an approximately -month term for the expansion premises and the original premises. The Company recognized ROU assets and lease liabilities of million on the Company s condensed balance sheet related to the expansion premises. The First Floor Lease provides for initial monthly rental payments for the expansion premises of an additional approximately million with rent escalation and the Company is also responsible for certain operating expenses and taxes throughout the lease term. In addition, the Company received an additional million of tenant improvements for the expansion premises, all of which was deemed to be owned by the landlord. In connection with the PLI spinoff on December 31, 2020, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for approximately square feet in the PLI facility. The sublease agreement was for with an option to renew for an additional year. for and expired on June 30, 2022 in accordance with its terms. No further payment obligations exist after the termination date. 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022 the weighted-average remaining lease term of the Company s operating lease was months and the weighted-average discount rate on the Company s operating lease was . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Imputed interest 

() 

Lease liability 

Less current portion of lease liability 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Litigation From time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Regardless of outcome, legal proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on the company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. Indemnification Agreements In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to vendors, lessors, business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters including, but not limited to, losses arising out of breech of such agreements or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with officers and members of its board of directors that will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is, in many cases, unlimited. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications. At December 31, 2022 , claims exist under indemnification arrangements and accordingly, amounts have been accrued in its consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 . 

 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, the income tax expense from continuing operations was and is recorded in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.) 

() 

() 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Permanent items 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Forfeiture of state operating losses 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Purchase price accretion 

Return to provision adjustment 

() 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of loss and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Capitalized research and development 

Research tax credits 

Lease liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

A valuation allowance is required to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. A full review of all positive and negative evidence needs to be considered. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. Management determined it more likely than not that the deferred tax assets are not realizable due to our historical loss position. The valuation allowance increased by million and million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, respectively, due primarily to the generation of current year operating losses. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of million and million, respectively. The federal and state NOLs will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized. The federal net operating loss carryover includes million of net operating losses generated in 2018 and after. Federal net operating losses generated in 2018 and after carryover indefinitely and may generally be used to offset up to of future taxable income. The Company has research credit carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 . The federal credits begin to expire in and the state credits can be carried forward indefinitely. Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company's NOL and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than occurs within a period. Based on the annual limitations associated with the change dates, the Company determined that all of the Company's federal and state NOLs and credits generated prior to theses change dates, with the exception of federal research and development credits and state NOLs, will be fully available within the carryover period, subject to an annual limitation on NOLs and credits generated prior to January 29, 2021. The Company s research and development credits have been reduced by to reflect the impact of the ownership changes and the Company s state NOLs have been reduced by . Due to the existence of a full valuation allowance offsetting the credit, the reduction to the carryover balance did not impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company's use of federal and state NOL and credit carryforwards could be further limited by the provisions of section 382 depending on the timing and amount of additional equity securities that have or will be issued subsequent to December 31, 2022. If an ownership change(s) occur subsequent to December 31, 2022 the amount of remaining tax attribute carryforwards available to offset taxable income and income tax expense in future years may be restricted or eliminated. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company's effective tax rate. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. Income tax positions must meet a more likely than not recognition at the effective date to be recognized. Due to the existence of the full valuation allowance, future changes in unrecognized tax benefits will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company does not foresee material changes to its liability for uncertain tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

Increase (decrease) related to prior year positions 

() 

Increase related to current year positions 

Balance at the end of the year 

The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in the provision. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , interest or penalties were required to be recognized relating for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company files tax returns in the United States and California. The Company is not currently under examination in any of these jurisdictions and all of the Company s tax years remain effectively open to examination due to net operating loss carryforwards. On March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act). The Cares Act is an emergency economic stimulus package that includes spending and tax breaks to strengthen the United States economy and fund a nationwide effort to curtail the effect of COVID-19. While the CARES Act provides sweeping tax changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of the more significant provisions which are expected to impact the Company s financial statements include removal of certain limitations on utilization of net operating losses, increasing the loss carryback period for certain losses to , and increasing the ability to deduct interest expense, as well as amending certain provisions of the previously enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Due to the loss position of the U.S. entities, many provisions of the CARES Act do not impact the Company and the CARES Act did not have an impact on the Company s income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Inflation Reduction Act 2022 which incorporates a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT) was signed on August 16, 2022. The changes will affect for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The new tax will require companies to compute two separate calculations for federal income tax purposes and pay the greater of the new minimum tax or their regular tax liability. The Company will be monitoring the impacts of the act to determine if this will have a impact for the Company for years beginning after December 31, 2022. As of year end, it is not expected to have a material impact for the Company. 

 common stock shares at par value of per share, and (ii) unvested restricted common stock shares at par value of per share. The parties also entered into additional license agreements as well as research agreements, under which the parties can provide research services to each other at pricing specified in the individual statements of work. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company incurred million in costs under the research agreements. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 , services were provided under the research agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred compensation related expenses for employee who is an immediate family member of a former member of the Company s board of directors. These expenses totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred compensation related expenses for employees, each of whom is an immediate family member of a different former member of the Company s board of directors. These expenses totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively, of which million is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and million is included in research and development expenses, respectively. The Company has an ongoing collaboration with Regents of the University of California, where a former member of its board of directors was employed until April 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred million in expense related to this collaboration that was recorded in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred million in expense related to this collaboration that was recorded in Loss from discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2020. As disclosed in Note 7, in January 2021, deferred purchase price obligations of million due to Nestl was satisfied with the issuance of shares of Series D-2 convertible preferred stock in January 2021. As a result of the PLI spinoff on December 31, 2020, the Company entered into a transition services agreement under which it assumed a million liability related to the payout of PLI employee bonuses for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was paid in the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the related party liability amount is million and is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, pursuant to this agreement, the Company provided PLI certain transitional services, including general and administrative, finance and clinical operations support, and PLI provided the Company with certain transitional services, including providing for the use of facilities under a sublease, in each case for specified monthly service fees. The transition services agreement was terminated in June 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid PLI million and million, respectively, in accordance with the terms of this agreement. 

 million, million and , respectively. 

 shares of the Company's common stock at per share. The exercise of the option resulted in net proceeds of million to the Company after deducting for offering costs. 

 118 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Under the supervision and with participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 BDO USA, LLP has audited the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in its report dated February 28, 2023, which is included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

119 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 120 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regardi ng Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 121 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Definitive Proxy Statement), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Executive Officers, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, which is available on our website at www.prometheusbiosciences.com. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics contains general guidelines for conducting the business of our company consistent with the highest standards of business ethics and is intended to qualify as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 406 of Regulation S-K. In addition, we intend to promptly disclose (1) the nature of any amendment to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions and (2) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of our code of ethics that is granted to one of these specified officers, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver on our website in the future. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation and Other Information, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, Board Independence and Committees of the Board of Directors and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Independent Registered Public Accountants Fees, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 122 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financi al Statement Schedules. 
 The financial statements, financial statement schedules and exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 
 (a)(1) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ; ; PCAOB ID# 
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 92 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 93 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 94 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 95 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 96 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statements schedules are omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed Herewith 

Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/17/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/17/2021 
 
 3.2 

4.1 
 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/8/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders 
 
 S-1 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/9/2022 
 
 4.4 

10.1 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, by and between Jefferies LLC and the Registrant 
 
 S-3ASR 
 
 4/1/2022 
 
 1.2 

10.2# 
 
 Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan and forms of grant notices and agreements thereunder 

X 

10.3# 
 
 Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/8/2021 
 
 10.3 

10.4# 
 
 Amended Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/9/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.5# 
 
 Annual Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/9/2022 
 
 10.4 

10.6# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, by and between Mark C. McKenna and the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.5 

10.7# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, by and between Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. and the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.6 

10.8# 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated February 7, 2021, by and between Mark Stenhouse and the Registrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/8/2021 
 
 10.9 

10.9# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers 
 
 S-1 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.9 

10.10 
 
 Co-development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2020, by and between Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH and the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.17 

123 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, dated August 6, 2021, by and between Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and the Registrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between SNH Medical Office Properties Trust and the Registrant, dated March 24, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/13/2021 
 
 10.10 

10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, by and between SNH Medical Office Properties Trust and the Registrant, dated October 29, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/12/2021 
 
 10.2 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted for confidentiality purposes. 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 124 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark C. McKenna 

Mark C. McKenna 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark C. McKenna Mark C. McKenna 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Joseph C. Papa Joseph C. Papa 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Helen C. Adams Helen C. Adams 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Fred Hassan Fred Hassan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Martin Hendrix, Ph.D. Martin Hendrix, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ James Laur James Laur 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Judith L. Swain, M.D. Judith L. Swain, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Mary Szela Mary Szela 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

125 

<EX-10>
 2
 rxdx-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 ARTICLE I. Purpose 

The Plan s purpose is to enhance the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI. 
 ARTICLE II. Eligibility 

Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. 
 ARTICLE III. Administration and Delegation 

3.1 Administration . The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrator s determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any Award. 

3.2 Appointment of Committees . To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board may abolish any Committee or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority at any time. 

ARTICLE IV. Stock Available for Awards 

4.1 Number of Shares . Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and the terms of this Article IV, Awards may be made under the Plan covering up to the Overall Share Limit. As of the Plan s effective date, the Company will cease granting awards under the Prior Plan; however, Prior Plan Awards will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. 

4.2 Share Recycling . If all or any part of an Award or Prior Plan Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award will, as applicable, become or again be available 

1 

for Award grants under the Plan. Further, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award or Prior Plan Award and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award or Prior Plan Award being exercised or purchased and/or creating the tax obligation) will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards or Prior Plan Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. 

4.3 Incentive Stock Option Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 50,000,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

4.4 Substitute Awards . In connection with an entity s merger or consolidation with the Company or the Company s acquisition of an entity s property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above); provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Employees or Directors prior to such acquisition or combination. 

4.5 Non-Employee Director Compensation . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Administrator may establish compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from time to time determine the terms, conditions and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it shall deem relevant from time to time, provided that, commencing with the first calendar year following the year in which the Company s initial public offering occurs, the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director during any calendar year of the Company may not exceed 1,000,000 (which limit shall not apply to the compensation for any non-employee Director of the Company who serves in any capacity in addition to that of a non-employee Director for which he or she receives additional compensation or any compensation paid to any non-employee Director during the calendar year in which the effective date occurs). The Administrator may make exceptions to this limit for individual non-employee Directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the Administrator may determine in its discretion, provided that the non-employee Director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous compensation decisions involving non-employee Directors. 

2 

ARTICLE V. Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 

5.1 General . The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations in the Plan, including any limitations in the Plan that apply to Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, the exercise price of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. 

5.2 Exercise Price . The Administrator will establish each Option s and Stock Appreciation Right s exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

5.3 Duration . Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the end of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, violates the non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other similar restrictive covenant provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the right of the Participant and the Participant s transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant shall terminate immediately upon such violation, unless the Company otherwise determines. 

5.4 Exercise . Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company a written notice of exercise, in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

5.5 Payment Upon Exercise . Subject to Section 10.8, any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by: 

(a) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or by check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted; 

(b) if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participant s delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator; 

3 

(c) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their fair market value; 

(d) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Option s exercise valued at their fair market value on the exercise date; 

(e) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or 

(f) to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the above payment forms approved by the Administrator. 

ARTICLE VI. Restricted Stock; Restricted Stock Units 

6.1 General . The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject to the Company s right to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such shares) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant to Service Providers Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine and set forth in the Award Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan. 

6.2 Restricted Stock . 

(a) Dividends . Participants holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. 

(b) Stock Certificates . The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 

6.3 Restricted Stock Units. 

(a) Settlement . The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participant s election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. 

(b) Stockholder Rights . A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

4 

(c) Dividend Equivalents . If the Administrator provides, a grant of Restricted Stock Units may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock Units with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

ARTICLE VII. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards 

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal (which may be based on the Performance Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VIII. Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events 

8.1 Equity Restructuring . In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Award s exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 8.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 

8.2 Corporate Transactions . In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change) and either automatically or upon the Participant s request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles: 

5 

(a) To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; and provided further that, Awards held by members of the Board will be settled in Shares on or immediately prior to the applicable event if the Administrator takes action under this clause (a); 

(b) To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; 

(c) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; 

(d) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards and/or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article IV hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; 

(e) To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 

(f) To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event. 

8.3 Effect of Non-Assumption in a Change in Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participant s Awards are not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with a substantially similar award by (a) the Company, or (b) a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary (an Assumption ), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Awards shall become fully vested, exercisable and/or payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards shall lapse, in which case, such Awards shall be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in Control consideration payable to other holders of Common Stock (i) which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to holders of Common Stock under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may provide, and (ii) determined by reference to the number of shares subject to such Awards and net of any applicable exercise price; provided that to the extent that any Awards constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A without the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents); and provided, further, that if the amount to which a Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. The Administrator shall determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control. 

6 

8.4 Administrative Stand Still . In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to sixty days before or after such transaction. 

8.5 General . Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 above or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Award s grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Company s right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Article VIII. 

ARTICLE IX. General Provisions Applicable to Awards 

9.1 Transferability . Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award Agreement or otherwise for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrator s consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participant s authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. 

9.2 Documentation . Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. 

9.3 Discretion . Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 

9.4 Termination of Status . The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participant s Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant s legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. 

9.5 Withholding . Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with such Participant s Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations based on the applicable statutory withholding rates (or such other 

7 

rate as may be determined by the Company after considering any accounting consequences or costs) from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. In the absence of a contrary determination by the Company (or, with respect to withholding pursuant to clause (ii) below with respect to Awards held by individuals subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, a contrary determination by the Administrator), all tax withholding obligations will be calculated based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates. Subject to Section 10.8 and any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations (i) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part by delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value, (iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iv) to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the number of Shares which may be so delivered or retained pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery or retention no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America)); provided, however, to the extent such Shares were acquired by Participant from the Company as compensation, the Shares must have been held for the minimum period required by applicable accounting rules to avoid a charge to the Company s earnings for financial reporting purposes; provided, further, that, any such Shares delivered or retained shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Share to the extent rounding up to the nearest whole Share does not result in the liability classification of the applicable Award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (ii) above by the Company s retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participant s behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participant s acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participant s authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. 

9.6 Amendment of Award; Repricing . The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option. The Participant s consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, reduce the exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

8 

9.7 Conditions on Delivery of Stock . The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Company s satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Company s inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. 

9.8 Acceleration . The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 

9.9 Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options . The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value on the Option s grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock Options will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (i) two years from the grant date of the Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the 100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4, will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

ARTICLE X. Miscellaneous 

10.1 No Right to Employment or Other Status . No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement. 

10.2 No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates . Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. 

9 

10.3 Effective Date and Term of Plan . Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will become effective on the Pricing Date and will remain in effect until the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (ii) the date the Company s stockholders approved the Plan, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. If the Plan is not approved by the Company s stockholders, the Plan will not become effective, no Awards will be granted under the Plan and the Prior Plan will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Plan will be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders within twelve (12) months after the date of the Board s adoption of the Plan. 

10.4 Amendment of Plan . The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided that no amendment, other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected Participant s consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after Plan termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 

10.5 Provisions for Foreign Participants . The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. 

10.6 Section 409A . 

(a) General . The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participant s consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Award s grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Award s tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 10.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 

(b) Separation from Service . If an Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participant s Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the Participant s Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service. 

(c) Payments to Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator 

10 

determines) due to his or her separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employee s death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participant s separation from service will be paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. 

10.7 Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plan s administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrator s approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such person s own fraud or bad faith. 

10.8 Lock-Up Period . The Company may, at the request of any underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during a period of up to one hundred eighty days following the effective date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or such longer period as determined by the underwriter. 

10.9 Data Privacy . As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participant s name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance number or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data ). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participant s country, or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 10.9 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. The Company may cancel Participant s ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrator s discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or 

11 

withdraws the consents in this Section 10.9. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

10.10 Severability . If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 

10.11 Governing Documents . If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply. 

10.12 Governing Law . The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any state s choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction s laws other than the State of Delaware. 

10.13 Claw-back Provisions . All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit the Participant actually or constructively receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be subject to any claw-back policy adopted by the Company (or any Subsidiary) to comply with Applicable Laws (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder) as set forth in such claw-back policy or the Award Agreement. 

10.14 Titles and Headings . The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the Plan s text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

10.15 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

10.16 Relationship to Other Benefits . No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

10.17 Broker-Assisted Sales . In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 9.5: (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably practicable; (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participant s applicable obligation, the Participant 

12 

may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participant s obligation. 

ARTICLE XI. Definitions 

As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings: 
 11.1 Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Board s powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee. 

11.2 Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 

11.3 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 

11.4 Award Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

11.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

11.6 Cause with respect to a Participant, means Cause (or any term of similar effect) as defined in such Participant s employment or consulting agreement with the Company if such an agreement exists and contains a definition of Cause (or term of similar effect), or, if no such agreement exists or such agreement does not contain a definition of Cause (or term of similar effect), then Cause shall include, but not be limited to: (i) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company or any willful breach of a written agreement or covenant between the Participant and the Company, including without limitation a material breach of any employment, confidentiality, non-compete, non-solicit or similar agreement; (ii) the Participant s commission of, indictment for or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Participant to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude (or any similar crime in any jurisdiction outside the United States); (iii) the Participant s gross negligence or willful misconduct or the Participant s willful or repeated failure or refusal to substantially perform duties and responsibilities to the Company or deliberate violation of a Company policy; (iv) any act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or dishonesty committed by the Participant against the Company; or (v) any acts, omissions or statements by a Participant which the Company reasonably determines to be materially detrimental or damaging to the reputation, operations, prospects or business relations of the Company. 

11.7 Change in Control means and includes each of the following: 

(a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 

13 

14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or 

(b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 

(c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

(i) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 

(ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided , however , that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 
 11.8 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 

14 

11.9 Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a Committee member s failure to qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 

11.10 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

11.11 Company means Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 

11.12 Consultant means any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or its parent or Subsidiary to render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company; (ii) renders services not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities; and (iii) is a natural person. 

11.13 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participant s rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participant s effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participant s estate. 

11.14 Director means a Board member. 

11.15 Disability means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as amended. 

11.16 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 

11.17 Employee means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

11.18 Equity Restructuring means a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other Company securities) or the share price of Common Stock (or other Company securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 

11.19 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

11.20 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (ii) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (iii) in any case the Administrator may determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 

15 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award granted on the Pricing Date, the Fair Market Value shall mean the initial public offering price of a Share as set forth in the Company s final prospectus relating to its initial public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

11.1 Good Reason shall mean (a) a change in the Participant s position with the Company (or its subsidiary employing the Participant) that materially reduces the Participant s authority, duties or responsibilities, (b) a material diminution in the Participant s level of base compensation, except in connection with a general reduction in the base compensation of the Company s personnel with similar status and responsibilities or (c) a relocation of the Participant s place of employment by more than 50 miles, provided that such change, reduction or relocation is effected by the Company (or its subsidiary employing the Participant) without the Participant s consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only exist if Participant shall have provided the Company with written notice within sixty (60) days of the initial occurrence of any of the foregoing events or conditions, and the Company or any successor or affiliate fails to eliminate the conditions constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such event or condition from Participant. Participant's resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within six (6) months following the initial occurrence of one of the foregoing events or conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a party to a written employment or consulting agreement with the Company (or its subsidiary) in which the term good reason is defined, then Good Reason shall be as such term is defined in the applicable written employment or consulting agreement. 

11.21 Greater Than 10 Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 

11.22 Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 

11.23 Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option. 

11.24 Option means an option to purchase Shares. 

11.25 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

11.26 Overall Share Limit means the sum of (i) 3,600,000 Shares; (ii) any shares of Common Stock which are subject to Prior Plan Awards which become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Article IV; and (iii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (A) 5 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such smaller number of Shares as is determined by the Board. 

11.27 Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award. 

11.28 Performance Criteria mean the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include the following: net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but not 

16 

limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders equity; total stockholder return; return on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends); regulatory achievements or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models; division, group or corporate financial goals; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other legal matters; strategic partnerships and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition activity; investment sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the Company s performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, or based upon performance relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other companies. The Committee may provide for exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence which the Committee determines should appropriately be excluded, including (a) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other unusual, infrequently occurring or non-recurring charges or events, (b) asset write-downs, (c) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (d) acquisitions or divestitures, (e) reorganization or change in the corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, (f) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company, Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit or not within the reasonable control of management, (g) foreign exchange gains and losses, (h) a change in the fiscal year of the Company, (i) the refinancing or repurchase of bank loans or debt securities, (j) unbudgeted capital expenditures, (k) the issuance or repurchase of equity securities and other changes in the number of outstanding shares, (l) conversion of some or all of convertible securities to Common Stock, (m) any business interruption event (n) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or (o) the effect of changes in other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results. 

11.29 Plan means this 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 

11.30 Pricing Date means the date upon which the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the registered underwritten public offering of shares of Common Stock becomes effective. 

11.31 Prior Plan means the Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 

11.32 Prior Plan Award means an award outstanding under the Prior Plan as of the Pricing Date. 

11.33 Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

11.34 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date, subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

17 

11.35 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

11.36 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder. 

11.37 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

11.38 Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director. 

11.39 Shares means shares of Common Stock. 

11.40 Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V. 

11.41 Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 

11.42 Substitute Awards shall mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 

11.43 Termination of Service means the date the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. 

18 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 
 Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice have the meanings given to them in the 2021 Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (the Company ). 
 The Company has granted to the participant listed below Participant the stock option described in this Grant Notice (the Option ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement attached as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. 

Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Exercise Price per Share: 

Shares Subject to the Option: 

Final Expiration Date: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 [To be specified in individual award agreements] 

Type of Option 
 [Incentive Stock Option/Non-Qualified Stock Option] 

By accepting the Option, whether in writing, electronically or through an electronic stock plan administration system used by the Company, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement. 
 Internet Availability of Plan Materials. The Company will furnish materials relating to the Plan, including the Plan, the Company s annual report on Form 10-K and proxy statement and other information provided to the Company s stockholders (the Plan Materials to Participant electronically, instead of mailing printed copies of these materials to each person eligible to participate in the plans. This process is designed to expedite Participant s receipt of the Plan Materials, reduce the costs of printing and distributing these materials, and help conserve natural resources. The Plan Materials are available electronically through the Company s electronic stock plan administration system and also on the Company s website at https://www.prometheusbiosciences.com . However, if Participant would prefer to receive printed copies of the Plan Materials or information provided to the Company s stockholders without charge, please contact: Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., Attn: Secretary, 3050 Science Park Road, San Diego, California 92121, Telephone: 858-422-4300. 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 PARTICIPANT 

By: 

Name: 

[Participant Name] 

Title: 

Exhibit A 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan. 
 ARTICLE I. GENERAL 

1.1 Grant of Option . The Company has granted to Participant the Option effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ). 

1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The Option is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control. 

ARTICLE II. PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY 

2.1 Commencement of Exercisability . The Option will vest and become exercisable according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule except that any fraction of a Share as to which the Option would be vested or exercisable will be accumulated and will vest and become exercisable only when a whole Share has accumulated. The Option shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional Shares. Notwithstanding anything in the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, the Option will immediately expire and be forfeited as to any portion that is not vested and exercisable as of Participant s Termination of Service for any reason. 

2.2 Duration of Exercisability . The Vesting Schedule is cumulative. Any portion of the Option which vests and becomes exercisable will remain vested and exercisable until the Option expires. The Option will be forfeited immediately upon its expiration. 

2.3 Expiration of Option . Subject to Section 5.3 of the Plan, the Option may not be exercised to any extent by anyone after, and will expire on, the first of the following to occur: 

(a) The final expiration date in the Grant Notice, which shall in no event be more than ten (10) years from the Grant Date; 

(b) If this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and the Participant, at the time the Option was granted, was a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, the expiration of five (5) years from the Grant Date; 

(c) Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of three (3) months from the date of Participant s Termination of Service, unless Participant s Termination of Service is for Cause or by reason of Participant s death or Disability; 

(d) Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of one (1) year from the date of Participant s Termination of Service by reason of Participant s death or Disability; and 

(e) Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, Participant s Termination of Service for Cause. 

(f) With respect to any unvested portion of the Option, the date that is thirty (30) days following Participant s Termination of Service for any reason other than as a result of Participant s discharge by the Company for Cause, or such shorter period as may be determined by the Administrator. 

ARTICLE III. EXERCISE OF OPTION 

3.1 Person Eligible to Exercise . During Participant s lifetime, only Participant may exercise the Option. After Participant s death, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time the Option expires, be exercised by Participant s Designated Beneficiary as provided in the Plan. 

3.2 Partial Exercise . Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised, in whole or in part, according to the procedures in the Plan at any time prior to the time the Option or portion thereof expires, except that the Option may only be exercised for whole Shares. 

3.3 Tax Withholding . 

(a) The Company has the right and option, but not the obligation, to treat Participant s failure to provide timely payment in accordance with the Plan of any withholding tax arising in connection with the Option as Participant s election to satisfy all or any portion of the withholding tax by requesting the Company retain Shares otherwise issuable under the Option. 

(b) Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Option, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Option. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the awarding, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s tax liability. 

ARTICLE IV. OTHER PROVISIONS 

4.1 Adjustments . Participant acknowledges that the Option is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan. 

4.2 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Company s Secretary at the Company s principal office or the Secretary s then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant (or, if Participant is then deceased, to the person entitled to exercise the Option) at Participant s last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Company s personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation. 

4.3 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

A- 2 

4.4 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

4.5 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

4.6 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Option will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b 3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, this Agreement will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

4.7 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including any exhibit hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

4.8 Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision of the Grant Notice or this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the provision will be severable from, and the illegality or invalidity of the provision will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of the Grant Notice or this Agreement. 

4.9 Limitation on Participant s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the Option, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the Option, as and when exercised pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4.10 Not a Contract of Employment . Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant. 

4.11 Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 

4.12 Incentive Stock Options . If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option: 

(a) Participant acknowledges that to the extent the aggregate fair market value of shares (determined as of the time the option with respect to the shares is granted) with respect to which stock options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code, including the Option, are exercisable for the first time by Participant during any calendar year exceeds 100,000 or if for 

A- 3 

any other reason such stock options do not qualify or cease to qualify for treatment as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code, such stock options (including the Option) will be treated as non-qualified stock options. Participant further acknowledges that the rule set forth in the preceding sentence will be applied by taking the Option and other stock options into account in the order in which they were granted, as determined under Section 422(d) of the Code. Participant acknowledges that amendments or modifications made to the Option pursuant to the Plan that would cause the Option to become a Non-Qualified Stock Option will not materially or adversely affect Participant s rights under the Option, and that any such amendment or modification shall not require Participant s consent. Participant also acknowledges that if the Option is exercised more than three (3) months after Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee, other than by reason of death or Disability, the Option will be taxed as a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

(b) Participant will give prompt written notice to the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any Shares acquired under this Agreement if such disposition or other transfer is made (a) within two (2) years from the Grant Date or (b) within one (1) year after the transfer of such Shares to Participant. Such notice will specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by Participant in such disposition or other transfer. 

A- 4 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK Unit Grant Notice 
 Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice have the meanings given to them in the 2021 Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (the Company ). 
 The Company hereby grants to the participant listed below Participant the Restricted Stock Units described in this Grant Notice (the RSUs ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. 

Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Number of RSUs: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 [To be specified in individual grant agreements] 

By accepting the RSUs, whether in writing, electronically or through an electronic stock plan administration system used by the Company, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement. 
 Internet Availability of Plan Materials. The Company will furnish materials relating to the Plan, including the Plan, the Company s annual report on Form 10-K and proxy statement and other information provided to the Company s stockholders (the Plan Materials to Participant electronically, instead of mailing printed copies of these materials to each person eligible to participate in the plans. This process is designed to expedite Participant s receipt of the Plan Materials, reduce the costs of printing and distributing these materials, and help conserve natural resources. The Plan Materials are available electronically through the Company s electronic stock plan administration system and also on the Company s website at https://www.prometheusbiosciences.com . However, if Participant would prefer to receive printed copies of the Plan Materials or information provided to the Company s stockholders without charge, please contact: Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., Attn: Secretary, 3050 Science Park Road, San Diego, California 92121, Telephone: 858-422-4300. 
 
 1 

PROMETHEUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 PARTICIPANT 

By: 

Name: 

[Participant Name] 

Title: 

2 

exhibit a 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan. 
 Article I. general 

1.1 Award of RSUs . The Company has granted the RSUs to Participant effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ). Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share, as set forth in this Agreement. Participant will have no right to the distribution of any Shares until the time (if ever) the RSUs have vested. 

1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control. 

1.3 Unsecured Promise . The RSUs will at all times prior to settlement represent an unsecured Company obligation payable only from the Company s general assets. 

Article II. VESTING; forfeiture AND SETTLEMENT 

2.1 Vesting; Forfeiture . The RSUs will vest according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule ), except that any fraction of an RSU that would otherwise be vested will be accumulated and will vest only when a whole RSU has accumulated. Except as provided in the Grant Notice, in the event of Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, all unvested RSUs will immediately and automatically be cancelled and forfeited, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator or provided in a binding written agreement between Participant and the Company. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, Participant will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs. 

2.2 Settlement . 

(a) RSUs will be paid in Shares as soon as administratively practicable after the vesting of the applicable RSU, but in no event more than sixty (60) days after the applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may delay any payment under this Agreement that the Company reasonably determines would violate Applicable Law until the earliest date the Company reasonably determines the making of the payment will not cause such a violation (in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii)), provided the Company reasonably believes the delay will not result in the imposition of excise taxes under Section 409A. 

(b) All distributions shall be made by the Company in the form of whole shares of Common Stock. 

(c) Neither the time nor form of distribution of Shares with respect to the RSUs may be changed, except as may be permitted by the Administrator in accordance with the Plan and Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 

3 

Article III. TAXATION AND TAX WITHHOLDING 

3.1 Tax Withholding . 

(a) The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing Shares issuable with respect to the RSUs to Participant or his or her legal representative unless and until Participant or his or her legal representative will have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with the vesting, exercise or settlement of the RSUs, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the RSUs (the Tax Withholding Obligation ). Subject to Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax Withholding Obligation, including, without limitation, the authority to deduct such amounts from other compensation payable to Participant by the Company. 

(b) Unless Participant elects to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by some other means in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, with respect to the Tax Withholding Obligation arising as a result of the vesting, exercise or settlement of the RSUs, to treat Participant s failure to provide timely payment in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan as Participant s election to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by requesting the Company to withhold a net number of vested Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the RSUs having a then-current fair market value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation (provided that if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any such action by the Company will require the approval of the Administrator) in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan. 

3.2 Participant Responsibility; No Company Liability . Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the RSUs, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any Tax Withholding Obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the tax treatment to Participant in connection with the awarding, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and its Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the RSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant s tax liability. 

3.3 Representation . Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participant s own tax advisors the tax consequences of this Award and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. 

Article IV. other provisions 

4.1 Award Not Transferable; Other Restrictions . Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, the Award will be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 9.1 of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, Participant hereby expressly acknowledges that Section 10.8 Lock-Up Period and Section 10.13 Clawback Provisions of the Plan are expressly incorporated into this Agreement and are applicable to the Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

4.2 Adjustments . Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan. 

4 

4.3 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Company s Secretary at the Company s principal office or the Secretary s then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant at Participant s last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Company s personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation. 

4.4 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

4.5 Conformity to Securities Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the RSUs will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b 3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Laws or any such exemptive rule described in the preceding sentence. 

4.6 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

4.7 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended by the Company in accordance with Section 9.6 of the Plan. 

4.8 Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision of the Grant Notice or this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the provision will be severable from, and the illegality or invalidity of the provision will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of the Grant Notice or this Agreement. 

4.9 Limitation on Participant s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the RSUs, as and when settled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

4.10 Rights as a Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book-entry form) will have been issued and recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, 

5 

and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). Except as otherwise provided herein, after such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, the right to receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

4.11 Not a Contract of Employment . Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant. 

4.12 Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 

4.12	 Governing Law . The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made thereunder, including the RSUs, shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding choice-of-law principles of the law of any state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such state. 
 4.13	 Section 409A . 
 	(a)	Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice, the Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Code (together with any Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Grant Date, Section 409A ). The Administrator may, in its discretion, adopt such amendments to the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 	(b)	This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs hereunder shall be distributed to Participant no later than the later of: (A) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third month following Participant s first taxable year in which such RSUs are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (B) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third month following first taxable year of the Company in which such RSUs are no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. 
 
 6 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 rxdx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-264091) and Form S-8 (No. 333-254252) of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc., of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 rxdx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark C. McKenna, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark C. McKenna 

Mark C. McKenna 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 rxdx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 rxdx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mark C. McKenna 

Mark C. McKenna 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 rxdx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Keith W. Marshall, Ph.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rxdx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rxdx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rxdx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 rxdx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 rxdx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

