<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1786108_0000950170-23-005807.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>67735362</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>381883</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6114798</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>33620408</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7427062</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>18832655</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005807.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005807
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trinity Capital Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001786108
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39958
		FILM NUMBER:		23698769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 N. 1ST ST.
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480.374.5350

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 N. 1ST ST.
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005807.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 trin-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 w20112 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock 0.001 par value per share) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately , based on the closing sale price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date of 14.47 per share. 
 As of March 1, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock 0.001 par value per share) outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

PCAOB Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 FORM 10 K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE NO. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 

PART I 
 
 6 

Item 1 
 Business 
 6 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 66 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 66 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 66 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 66 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 69 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 70 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 86 

Note 1 
 Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 133 

Note 2 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 135 

Note 3 
 Investments 
 141 

Note 4 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 144 

Note 5 
 Borrowings 
 150 

Note 6 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 156 

Note 7 
 Stockholder s Equity 
 157 

Note 8 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 160 

Note 9 
 Earnings Per Share 
 162 

Note 10 
 Income Taxes 
 162 

Note 11 
 Financial Highlights 
 164 

Note 12 
 Related Party Transactions 
 166 

Note 13 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 167 

Note 14 
 Subsequent Events 
 167 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 168 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 168 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 168 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 170 

PART III 
 
 171 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 171 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 171 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 171 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 171 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 171 

PART IV 
 
 172 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 172 

SIGNATURES 
 
 176 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believes, can, could, may, predicts, potential, should, will, estimate, plans, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, intends and similar words or phrases. Accordingly, these statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of several factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 our limited operating history as a business development company BDC ); 

our future operating results; 

our dependence upon our management team and key investment professionals; 

our ability to manage our business and future growth; 

risks related to investments in growth stage companies, other venture capital-backed companies and generally U.S. companies; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives, including due to the impact of supply chain disruptions, interest rate and inflation rate environments; 

the use of leverage; 

risks related to the uncertainty of the value of our portfolio investments; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, including as a result of supply chain disruptions, the interest rate and inflation rate environments or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

uncertainty surrounding the financial and/or political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, China, and other countries; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

risks related to changes in interest rates and inflation rates, our expenses, and other general economic conditions and the effect on our net investment income; 

the effect of the decommissioning of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the implementation of alternatives to LIBOR, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ); 

the impact of changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation thereof), including tax laws, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020, and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, on our operations and/or the operations of our portfolio companies; 

risks related to market volatility, including general price and volume fluctuations in stock markets; 

our ability to make distributions; and 

our ability to maintain our status as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and qualify annually for tax treatment as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Additionally, there may be other risks that are otherwise described from time to time in the reports that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Any forward-looking statements in this annual 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 report on Form 10-K should be considered in light of various important factors, including the risks and uncertainties listed above, as well as others. All forward-looking statements are necessarily only estimates of future results, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from expectations, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the risk factors discussed throughout this annual report on Form 10-K. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Because we are an investment company, the forward-looking statements and projections contained in this annual report on Form 10-K are excluded from the safe harbor protections provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 Except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms we, us, our, and the Company, refer to Trinity Capital Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Item 1. Business 
 Organization 
 Trinity Capital Inc. Trinity Capital ), incorporated in Maryland on August 12, 2019, is an internally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Because we are internally managed, all of our executive officers and employees are employed by Trinity Capital. Therefore, we do not pay any external investment advisory fees, but instead directly incur the operating costs associated with employing investment and portfolio management professionals. 
 We have elected to be treated, currently qualify and intend to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In order to maintain our treatment as a RIC, we are generally required to distribute at least annually to our stockholders at least the sum of 90 of our investment company taxable income (which generally includes our net ordinary taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses) and 90 of our net tax-exempt income (if any). We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on these distributed amounts but will pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates tax on any retained amounts. 
 On January 16, 2020, we completed a private equity offering (the Private Common Stock Offering of shares of our common stock, pursuant to which we issued and sold 8,333,333 shares of our common stock for total aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 125.0 million, inclusive of an over-allotment option that was exercised in full on January 29, 2020. 
 Concurrent with the closing of the Private Common Stock Offering, we completed a private debt offering (the 144A Note Offering and together with the Private Common Stock Offering, the Private Offerings of 125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our unsecured 7.00 Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), inclusive of an over-allotment option that was exercised in full on January 29, 2020. 
 On January 16, 2020, through a series of transactions (the Formation Transactions ), we acquired Trinity Capital Investment, LLC, Trinity Capital Fund II, L.P. Fund II ), Trinity Capital Fund III, L.P., Trinity Capital Fund IV, L.P. and Trinity Sidecar Income Fund, L.P. (collectively, the Legacy Funds and all of their respective assets, including their respective investment portfolios (the Legacy Portfolio ), as well as Trinity Capital Holdings, LLC Trinity Capital Holdings ), a holding company whose subsidiaries managed and/or had the right to receive fees from certain of the Legacy Funds. We used a portion of the proceeds from the Private Offerings to complete these transactions. 
 In the Formation Transactions, the Legacy Funds were merged with and into Trinity Capital, and we issued 9,183,185 shares of our common stock for an aggregate amount of approximately 137.7 million and paid approximately 108.7 million in cash to the Legacy Funds investors, which included the general partners/managers of the Legacy Funds (the Legacy Investors ). Our senior management team, led by Steven L. Brown, comprises the majority of the senior management team that managed the Legacy Funds and sourced the Legacy Portfolio. 
 As part of the Formation Transactions, we also acquired 100 of the equity interests of Trinity Capital Holdings for an aggregate purchase price of 10.0 million, which was comprised of 533,332 shares of our common stock, totaling approximately 8.0 million, and approximately 2.0 million in cash. In connection with the acquisition of such equity interests, we also assumed a 3.5 million severance related liability with respect to a former member of certain general partners of certain Legacy Funds. As a result of the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital Holdings, a Delaware limited liability company, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Since its acquisition, Trinity Capital Holdings has not engaged in any operations. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 On January 29, 2021, our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol TRIN, and we completed our initial public offering of 8,006,291 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001, inclusive of an over-allotment option that was exercised in full on February 2, 2021 IPO ). 
 TrinCap Funding, LLC TCF ), a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on August 5, 2021 as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to serve as a bankruptcy-remote entity for purposes of securing lending in conjunction with a 300 million credit agreement, as amended, with KeyBank, National Association KeyBank (such credit facility, the KeyBank Credit Facility ). TCF is included as a consolidated subsidiary of the Company in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a specialty lending company that provides debt, including loans and equipment financings, to growth stage companies, including venture-backed companies and companies with institutional equity investors. Our investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation through our investments. We seek to achieve our investment objective by making investments consisting primarily of term loans and equipment financings and, to a lesser extent, working capital loans, equity and equity-related investments. Our equipment financings involve loans for general or specific use, including acquiring equipment, that are secured by the equipment or other assets of the portfolio company. In addition, we may obtain warrants or contingent exit fees at funding from many of our portfolio companies, providing an additional potential source of investment returns. The warrants entitle us to purchase preferred or common ownership shares of a portfolio company, and we typically target the amount of such warrants to scale in proportion to the amount of the debt or equipment financing. Contingent exit fees are cash fees payable upon the consummation of certain trigger events, such as a successful change of control or initial public offering of the portfolio company. In addition, we may obtain rights to purchase additional shares of our portfolio companies in subsequent equity financing rounds. 
 We target investments in growth stage companies with institutional investor support, experienced management teams, promising products and offerings, and large expanding markets. We define growth stage companies as companies that have significant ownership and active participation by sponsors and expected annual revenues of up to 100 million. These companies typically are private companies that have begun to have success selling their products to the market and need additional capital to expand their operations and sales. Despite often achieving growing revenues, these types of companies typically have limited financing options to fund their growth. Equity, being dilutive in nature, is generally the most expensive form of capital available, while traditional bank financing is rarely available, given the lifecycle stage of these companies. Financing from us bridges this financing gap, providing companies with growth capital, which may result in improved profitability, less dilution for all equity investors, and increased enterprise value. Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, we are not limited to investing in any particular industry or geographic area and seek to invest in under-financed segments of the private credit markets. 
 Our loans and equipment financings may have initial interest-only periods of up to 24 months and generally fully amortize over a total term of up to 60 months. These investments are typically secured by a blanket first position lien, a specific asset lien on mission-critical assets and/or a blanket second position lien. We may also make direct equity and equity-related investments in conjunction with our debt investments. We target growth stage companies that have recently issued equity to raise cash to offset potential cash flow needs related to projected growth, have achieved positive cash flow to cover debt service, or have institutional investors committed to providing additional funding. A loan or equipment financing may be structured to tie the amortization of the loan or equipment financing to the portfolio company s projected cash balances while cash is still available for operations. As such, the loan or equipment financing may have a reduced risk of default. We believe that the amortizing nature of our investments will mitigate risk and significantly reduce the risk of our investments over a relatively short period. We focus on protecting and recovering principal in each investment and structure our investments to provide downside protection. 
 Our loans and equipment financings generally range from 2 million to 50 million, and we generally limit each loan or equipment financing to approximately five percent or less of our total assets. We believe investments of this scale are generally sufficient to support near-term growth needs of most growth stage companies. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following illustrates the lifecycle stage at which we seek to invest in our portfolio companies, although we may, at our discretion, invest in other lifecycle stages. 
 
 Human Capital Resources and Management Team 
 We are an internally managed BDC employing 57 dedicated professionals as of December 31, 2022, including 35 investment, origination and portfolio management professionals, all of whom have experience working on investment and financing transactions for growth- and early-stage companies. All of our employees are located in the United States. 
 Our management team has prior management experience, including with early-stage tech startups, and employs a highly systematized investment approach. Our senior management team, led by Steven L. Brown, comprises the majority of the senior management team that managed the Legacy Funds and sourced the Legacy Portfolio. 
 All investment decisions are made by the Investment Committee, whose members consist of Steven L. Brown, Gerald Harder, Kyle Brown, Ron Kundich and a vertical market leader (on a rotating basis throughout the year). We consider these individuals to be our portfolio managers. The Investment Committee approves proposed investments by majority consent in accordance with investment guidelines and procedures established by the Investment Committee. 
 Our employees drive the success of our business and investment strategy, including achieving our investment objective. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and training programs to develop our employees skills and expertise. We are committed to providing a safe, harassment-free work environment guided by principles of fair and equal treatment and focused on employee engagement. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Potential Competitive Advantages 
 We believe that we are one of only a select group of specialty lenders that has our depth of knowledge, experience, and track record in lending to growth stage companies. Further, we are one of an even smaller subset of specialty lenders that offers both loans and equipment financings. Our other potential competitive advantages include: 
 In-house engineering and operations expertise to evaluate growth stage companies business products and plans. 
 We have a history of employing technology experts, including those with engineering and operations expertise, who have developed proven technology and hold patents in their names, as well as executives and other employees who have experience with the products and business plans of growth stage companies. The expertise, knowledge and experience of these individuals allows them to understand and evaluate the business plans, products and financing needs of growth stage companies, including the risks related thereto. 
 Direct origination networks that benefit from relationships with venture banks, institutional equity investors and entrepreneurs built during the term of operations of the Legacy Funds, which began in 2008. 
 We seek to be the first contact for venture bankers who focus on growth stage companies and who have a portfolio company that would benefit from term debt or equipment financings. We have established relationships with the major technology banks over the last 10 years in every major market across the United States and have established standard intercreditor and subordination agreements, which we believe make working with technology banks seamless in most regions across the United States. These banks often will provide revolving credit facilities to growth stage companies and we seek to provide term debt and/or equipment financings to their portfolio companies. 
 We also focus on sourcing deals from the partners of growth stage institutional investors, including growth stage venture capital firms and private equity firms. We focus on building relationships with investors who have raised recent funds and have the ability to provide ongoing support to their portfolio companies. 
 We receive referrals directly to the executive officers of growth stage companies from these various stakeholders. Most of these stakeholders have board seats on the portfolio companies referred to us, are intimately involved in the business of such portfolio companies and generally serve as our advocates when term sheets are negotiated. We also receive introductions to companies for potential investment opportunities from executive officers with whom we have had business relationships at former portfolio companies. 
 A dedicated staff of professionals covering credit origination and underwriting, as well as portfolio management functions. 
 We have a broad team of professionals focused on every aspect of the investment lifecycle. We have a credit origination and underwriting team that manages and oversees our investment process from identification of investment opportunity through negotiations of final term sheet and investment in a portfolio company. Our investment management and oversight activities are separate from our origination and underwriting activities. The team members serving our investment management and oversight functions have significant operating experience and are not associated with our origination function to avoid any biased views of performance. This structure helps our originators focus on identifying investment opportunities and building relationships with our portfolio companies. 
 A proprietary credit rating system and regimented process for evaluating and underwriting prospective portfolio companies. 
 Historically, our management team has received significant prospective investment opportunities. In order to quickly review investment opportunities and evaluate risks, we have developed a detailed and consistent credit rating system. This system allows our analysts to receive a full set of financial statements and projections and quickly fill out a rating sheet for each potential investment, which includes using a series of weighted calculations to provide an initial pass or fail rating on the potential investment, as well as identifying specific risks for further consideration. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Scalable software platforms developed during the term of operations of the Legacy Funds, which support our underwriting processes and loan monitoring functions. 
 We have an internally developed pipeline management tool which gives us a detailed look at our performance in real time. We believe our historical metrics generally predict our quarterly funding needs based upon the number of prospective investment opportunities we have at varying stages of our origination process. We believe this granular look at our underwriting process gives us the ability to increase or decrease marketing efforts in order to manage available capital and achieve our deployment goals. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that an attractive market opportunity exists for providing debt and equipment financings to growth stage companies for the following reasons: 
 Growth stage companies have generally been underserved by traditional lending sources. 

Unfulfilled demand exists for loans and equipment financings to growth stage companies due to the complexity of evaluating risk in these investments. 

Debt investments with warrants are less dilutive than traditional equity financing and complement equity financing from venture capital and private equity funds. 

Equity funding of growth stage companies, including venture capital backed companies, has increased steadily over the last ten years, resulting in new lending and equipment financing opportunities. 

The annual venture debt market in the U.S. surpassed 30 billion for the fourth consecutive year in 2022. We believe that the equipment financing market is even more fragmented, with the majority of equipment financing providers unable to fund investments for more than 10 million. We believe there are significant growth opportunities for us to expand our market share in the venture debt market and become a one-stop shop for loans and equipment financings for growth stage companies. 

Growth Stage Companies are Underserved by Traditional Lenders. 
 We believe many viable growth stage companies have been unable to obtain sufficient growth financing from traditional lenders, including financial services companies such as commercial banks and finance companies, because traditional lenders have continued to consolidate and have adopted a more risk-averse approach to lending. More importantly, we believe traditional lenders are typically unable to underwrite the risk associated with these companies effectively. 
 The cash flow characteristics of many growth stage companies include significant research and development expenditures and high projected revenue growth, thus often making such companies difficult to evaluate from a credit perspective. In addition, the balance sheets of many of these companies often include a disproportionately large amount of intellectual property assets, which can be difficult to value. Finally, the speed of innovation in technology and rapid shifts in consumer demand and market share add to the difficulty in evaluating these companies. 
 Due to the difficulties described above, we believe traditional lenders generally refrain from lending and/or providing equipment financing to growth stage companies, instead preferring the risk-reward profile of traditional fixed asset-based lending. We believe traditional lenders generally do not have flexible product offerings that meet the needs of growth stage companies. The financing products offered by traditional lenders typically impose restrictive covenants and conditions on borrowers, including limiting cash outflows and requiring a significant depository relationship to facilitate rapid liquidation. 
 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Unfulfilled Demand for Loans and Equipment Financings to Growth Stage Companies. 
 Private capital in the form of loans and equipment financings from specialty finance companies continues to be an important source of funding for growth stage companies. We believe that the level of demand for loans and equipment financings is a function of the level of annual venture equity investment activity and can be as much as 20 to 30 of such investment activity. We believe this market is largely served by a handful of venture banks, with whom our products generally do not compete, and a relative few term lenders and lessors. 
 We believe that demand for loans and equipment financings to growth stage companies is currently underserved, given the high level of activity in venture capital equity market for the growth stage companies in which we invest. We believe certain venture lending companies have begun to focus on larger investment opportunities, potentially creating additional opportunities for us in the near term. Our senior management team has seen a significant increase in the number of potential investment opportunities over the last ten years. 
 
 Debt Investments with Warrants Complement Equity Financing from Venture Capital and Private Equity Funds. 
 We believe that growth stage companies and their financial sponsors will continue to view debt, including loans and equipment financings, as an attractive source of capital because it augments the capital provided by venture capital and private equity funds. We believe that our debt investments, including loans and equipment financings, will provide access to growth capital that otherwise may only be available through incremental equity investments by new or existing equity investors. As such, we intend to provide portfolio companies and their financial sponsors with an opportunity to diversify their capital sources. Generally, we believe many growth stage companies target a portion of their capital to be debt and equipment financing in an attempt to minimize ownership dilution to existing investors and company founders. In addition, because growth stage companies generally reach a more mature stage prior to reaching a liquidity event, we believe our investments could provide the capital needed to grow or recapitalize during the extended growth period sometimes required prior to liquidity events. 
 
 Investment Philosophy, Strategy and Process 
 Overview 
 We lend money in the form of term loans and equipment financings and, to a lesser extent, working capital loans to growth stage companies. Investors may receive returns from three sources the loan s interest payments or equipment financing payments and the associated contractual fees; the final principal payment; and, contingent upon a successful change of control or initial public offering, proceeds from the equity positions or contingent exit fees obtained at loan or equipment financing origination. 
 We primarily seek to invest in loans and equipment financings to growth stage companies that have generally completed product development and are in need of capital to fund revenue growth. We believe a lack of profitability often limits these companies ability to access traditional bank financing and our in-house engineering and operations experience allows us to better understand this risk and earn what we believe to be higher overall returns and better risk-adjusted returns than those associated with traditional bank loans. Leveraging the experience of our investment professionals, we seek to target companies at their growth stage of development and seek to identify financing opportunities ignored by the traditional direct lending community. 
 Subject to the requirements under the 1940 Act, which requires that we invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, we may also engage in other lending activities by investing in assets that are not qualifying assets under the requirements of the 1940 Act, including asset-backed lending, which may constitute up to 30 of our total assets. 
 We believe good candidates for loans and equipment financings appear in all business sectors. We are not limited to investing in any particular industry or geographic area and seek to invest in under-financed segments of the private credit markets. We believe in diversification and do not intend to specialize in any one sector. Our portfolio companies are selected from a wide range of industries, technologies and geographic regions. Since we focus on investing in portfolio companies alongside venture capital firms and technology banks, we anticipate that most of our opportunities will come from sectors that those sources finance. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 

Characteristics of Target Portfolio Companies 
 We seek to invest in a cross-section of growth stage companies. In addition to the criteria discussed in this annual report on Form 10-K, we may consider other factors such as portfolio company size, industry, historical revenue growth, management s revenue growth projections, relevant operating margins, competition, management capabilities and geographic concentration. We will evaluate prospective portfolio companies quantitatively and qualitatively, and determine investments based on the key factors, including the following items: 
 Recent, concurrent, or future funding by a venture capital firm; 

Strong, experienced and flexible management team; 

Successful, market-proven product and/or service with some proprietary characteristics; 

Application of proven technologies that enable their customers to reduce costs, improve strategic positioning or fundamentally change the competitive nature of their industries; 

Detailed business plan with multi-year projections that cover the full term of our investment; and 

A defined exit strategy with identified potential acquirers. 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 

Investment Structure 
 We seek to structure portfolio investments to mitigate risk and provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors while meeting portfolio companies financing needs. Typically, our loans, equipment financings and equity and equity-related investments take one of the following forms: 
 Term Debt and Working Capital Loans . Term debt and working capital loans typically have initial interest-only periods of up to 24 months and may then fully amortize over a total term of up to 60 months. The annual stated interest rate on these loans typically has ranged from 8 to 16 . 

Equipment Financings . Typically, an equipment financing is structured as fully amortizing over a period of up to 60 months. The specific terms of each equipment financing depend on the creditworthiness of the portfolio company and the projected value of the financed assets. Occasionally, we offer an initial period at a lower finance factor to companies with stronger creditworthiness, which is analogous to an interest-only period on a term loan. Annual interest rates on equipment financings typically have ranged from 7 to 16 . 

Additional Deal Considerations. Additional deal considerations typically have included upfront fees of up to 2 of the invested principal, upfront structuring fees of approximately one-half month of finance payments for equipment financings, an upfront deposit of up to three months for equipment financings, and have final payments on average of 7 of invested principal. 

Equity and Equity-Related Securities . We may also seek to obtain warrants entitling us to purchase preferred or common ownership shares of a portfolio company. We typically target the amount of such warrants to scale in proportion to the amount of the debt or equipment financing. We also attempt to structure such warrants so that the exercise price of the warrants will either be the price paid by venture capital investors in the most recent financing round or a current option price set by the portfolio company. Our typical exercise period for warrants is seven to 10 years. In addition, we may obtain rights to purchase additional shares of our portfolio companies in subsequent equity financing rounds. 

Concentration Limits; Security 
 We endeavor to maintain reasonable limits of concentration to specific industries, technologies and geographic regions. By their nature, these limits are subjective and are applied solely at the discretion of management. 
 In all our loans, we seek to take a security position in all of the assets of the portfolio company, including intellectual property, if available. From time to time, we may agree to take a security position in less than the total amount of assets. In the case of equipment financings, for instance, the security interest may extend only to the asset(s) financed. 
 In addition, we seek to enter into standard intercreditor agreements with the major technology banks that we anticipate engaging with, making workout situations much easier and less contentious. Where and when possible, we will execute deposit account control agreements with our portfolio companies giving us ongoing access to their bank accounts for purposes of ensuring access to our collateral in a default. In all cases, we seek to put in place Uniform Commercial Code filings to perfect our position, and to update these filings frequently to reflect changes in our collateral. 
 
 Investment Process 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 

Investment Originations; New Deals Referred 
 We have a multi-channel sourcing strategy focused primarily on growth stage venture capital firms, private equity firms, technology banks and, to a lesser extent, brokers who focus on our business. We have established relationships with the major technology banks and have established standard intercreditor and subordination agreements, which make working with technology banks seamless in most regions across United States. 
 We continue to expand our originations team internally in order to continue to focus on building relationships with individuals at top tier venture capital firms as well as building out connections to a nationwide network of technology bankers. We have developed proprietary internal systems and technology to give our originations and marketing team real time information about the broader market and our investment pipeline, which we leverage to attempt to become and maintain our relationship as the first call for our referral sources. 
 
 Initial Rating 
 The following illustrates our transaction rating methodology for term loans. 
 
 The following illustrates our transaction rating methodology for equipment financings. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 

Our initial rating of every opportunity is based on six factors: 
 (1) the portfolio company s investors, specifically their ability and likelihood to provide ongoing financial support as needed; 

(2) the experience and strength of the portfolio company s management team and board of directors; 

(3) the portfolio company s products or services and the market needs that they fulfill; 

(4) the portfolio company s historical and projected financial performance, including a review of revenue potential, growth, gross margins and other metrics; 

(5) debt structure and cash life; and 

(6) other factors such as intellectual property, collateral, corporate governance, or other items that are deemed to be relevant by the due diligence team. 

Investment opportunities that score an acceptable initial rating are moved on for further consideration. 
 Preliminary Due Diligence and Executive Summary 
 The next phase of the due diligence process involves a structured call with the management team of the prospective portfolio company. Following the management call, if the opportunity still appears to be worthy of consideration, an executive summary memorandum is prepared by the due diligence team for consideration and voting by the Investment Committee. The executive summary memorandum is distributed to the Investment Committee, and the deal terms for the investment are defined. If approved by the Investment Committee, we issue a term sheet to the prospective portfolio company. 
 
 Confirmatory Due Diligence and On-Site Meeting 
 If the term sheet offered by us is accepted by the prospective portfolio company, the process of obtaining additional confirmatory due diligence begins. The confirmatory due diligence process typically includes calls with the venture capital partners responsible for the equity financing of the portfolio company, as well as key customers, suppliers, partners, or other stakeholders as may be deemed relevant by the due diligence team. Additional financial analysis is performed, in order to confirm the cash life assumptions that were made prior to term sheet issuance. In 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the case of an equipment financing, or term loan in which fixed assets make up a significant portion of our collateral, the due diligence team completes an analysis of the equipment or fixed assets being financed, which may include calls to the original manufacturer and/or any dealers, resellers, or refurbishing companies, to evaluate the value of the equipment at inception, as well as the useful life and anticipated value throughout the life of our holding period. Occasionally, we may engage the assistance of an appraiser to assist in valuations. 
 The final step in the confirmatory diligence process generally involves an on-site meeting, at which members of our due diligence team meet with the management team of the prospective portfolio company for a final review of the portfolio company s financial performance and forward-looking plans. This meeting is typically held at the business offices of the portfolio company; however, occasionally the meeting will be held via video teleconference if travel to the portfolio company is not possible. One or more members of the Investment Committee will attend the on-site meeting if possible. 
 
 Underwriting Report and Investment Committee Vote 
 Assuming that the confirmatory due diligence process reveals no issues that would cause the due diligence team to recommend against the proposed investment, the due diligence team prepares an Investment Underwriting Report IUR ), which is distributed to the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee then meets to discuss and review the deal terms and IUR regarding the proposed investment and a vote takes place. A majority of the Investment Committee is required to approve the transaction. 
 
 Investment Management and Oversight 
 Our investment management and oversight activities are separate from our origination and underwriting activities. The team members serving our investment management and oversight functions have significant operating experience and are not associated with our origination function to avoid any biased views of performance. Beyond the dedicated portfolio management team, all of our management team members and investment professionals are typically involved at various times with our portfolio companies and investments. Our portfolio management team reviews our portfolio companies monthly or quarterly financial statements and compares actual results to the portfolio companies projections. Additionally, the portfolio management team may initiate periodic calls with the portfolio company s venture capital partners and its management team and may obtain observer rights on the portfolio company s board of directors. Our management team and investment professionals anticipate potential problems by monitoring reporting requirements and having frequent calls with the management teams of our portfolio companies. 
 
 Investment Risk Rating System 
 Our portfolio management team uses an ongoing investment risk rating system to characterize and monitor our outstanding loans and equipment financings. Our portfolio management team monitors and, when appropriate, recommends changes to the investment risk ratings. Our Investment Committee reviews the recommendations and/or changes to the investment risk ratings, which are submitted on a quarterly basis to the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 From time to time, we will identify investments that require closer monitoring or become workout assets. We will develop a workout strategy for workout assets and our Investment Committee will monitor the progress against the strategy. We may incur losses from our investing activities; however, we work with our troubled portfolio companies in order to recover as much of our investments as is practicable, including possibly taking control of the portfolio company. The risk rating system allows for early detection of issues and escalation to avoid credit losses. 
 For our investment risk rating system, we review seven different criteria and, based on our review of such criteria, we assign a risk rating on a scale of 1 to 5, as set forth in the following illustration. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s debt investment portfolio had a weighted average risk rating score of 2.8. 
 
 Managerial Assistance 
 As a BDC, we are required to offer, and provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We may, from time to time, receive fees for these services. In the event that such fees are received, we expect that they will be incorporated into our operating income and passed through to our stockholders, given the nature of our structure as an internally managed BDC. See Regulation as a Business Development Company Significant Managerial Assistance for additional information. 
 
 Competition 
 Our prospective markets are highly competitive and are characterized by competitive factors that vary based upon product and geographic region. Competitors vary and may include captive and independent finance companies, other BDCs, equity and debt focused public and private funds, commercial banks and thrift institutions, industrial banks, community banks, leasing companies, hedge funds, insurance companies, mortgage companies, manufacturers and vendors, and other financing providers. There has been substantial competition for attractive investment opportunities in the venture capital business, in particular. 
 These lenders will typically offer lower finance rates than non-bank finance companies (including us), but will require cash depository relationships, blanket liens and will often have certain performance and cash covenants, all of which make their lending program less flexible and, we believe, less attractive to borrowers. We compete, in part, on the basis of pricing, terms and structure. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 
 Regulation 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in t he Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act and are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Although we have not made a determination whether to take advantage of any or all of these exemptions, we expect to remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our IPO or until the earliest of: 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion; 

December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of the shares of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months; or 

the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 

In addition, we will take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. The 1940 Act requires a majority of the members of the board of directors of a BDC be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 The 1940 Act defines a majority of the outstanding voting securities as the lesser of (i) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if the holders of more than 50 of our outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50 of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Qualifying Assets. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. satisfies any of the following: 

i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 

iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; 

(2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company controlled by us; 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy 

18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements; 

(4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company; 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities; or 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance. A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. However, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments. Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be qualifying assets. 
 Issuance of Derivative Securities. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options, restricted stock or rights to purchase shares of capital stock that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of capital stock that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase capital stock cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. This amount is reduced to 20 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock if the amount of warrants, options or rights issued pursuant to an executive compensation plan would exceed 15 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. We have received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to issue restricted stock and stock options to our employees, officers and directors subject to the above conditions and the conditions of such exemptive relief, among others. See SEC Exemptive Application and Relief below and Note 8. Equity Incentive Plans to our consolidated financial statements included with this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio. We are generally permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our Common Stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In connection with the organization of the Company, the Board and our initial sole stockholder authorized us to adopt the 150 asset coverage ratio. This means we are permitted to borrow 2 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Code of Ethics. We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. 
 Affiliated Transactions. We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. 
 Other. We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 We are also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We are also required to designate a chief compliance officer and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 
 SEC Exemptive Application and Relief 
 On May 27, 2021, we received exemptive relief from the SEC that allows us to issue (i) restricted stock and stock options to our employee directors, executive officers and other employees under the 2019 Trinity Capital Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan and (ii) restricted stock to our non-employee directors under the Trinity Capital Inc. 2019 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of such exemptive relief and such equity incentive plans. These equity incentive plans were approved by our Board on October 17, 2019, and by our stockholders on June 17, 2021 at our 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. See Note 8. Equity Incentive Plans to our consolidated financial statements included with this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 On December 14, 2022, we received exemptive relief from the SEC that allows us to organize, as a direct wholly owned portfolio company, a subsidiary that intends to operate as an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it will provide investment management and other services to one or more privately-offered pooled investment vehicles, registered management investment companies, BDCs and/or investment accounts, and receive advisory fees for such services. 
 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected to be treated, currently qualify, and intend to operate in a manner so as to qualify annually, as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to stockholders as distributions. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain RIC tax benefits, we generally must timely distribute to stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, 

20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of income we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of net ordinary income for each calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized in preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). While we intend to distribute any net ordinary income and capital gain net income in order to avoid imposition of this 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may not be successful in avoiding entirely the imposition of this tax. In that case, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to the business of investing in such stock or securities (the 90 Income Test ); and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

o at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

o no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the (i) securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest and deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received the corresponding cash amount. 
 Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds, to sell assets and to make taxable distributions of our stock and debt securities in order to satisfy distribution requirements. Our ability to dispose of assets to meet distribution requirements may be limited by (i) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (ii) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC and become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. In addition, we may be prohibited under the terms of any existing or future credit facilities from making distributions unless certain conditions are satisfied. If we are prohibited from making distributions, we may fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax decisions in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, a stockholder may receive a larger capital gain distribution than it would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 If we are unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC in the future, and certain remedial procedures are not satisfied, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such income at regular corporate rates (and also would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to stockholders. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would distributions be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain holding period requirements and other limitations under the Code, corporate stockholders may be eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to such dividend; non-corporate stockholders may be able to treat such distributions as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we would be required to distribute all previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period during which we failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that we intend to requalify as a RIC. If we fail to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on any net built-in gains with respect to certain assets that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1 N 1st Street, 3rd Floor, Phoenix, AZ 85004. We maintain a website on the Internet at www.trinitycap.com. We make available, free of charge, on our website our proxy statement, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider that information to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 We file annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC under the Exchange Act. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, who file documents electronically with the SEC. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure contacts of our senior management team and investment professionals, including the members of the Investment Committee, who evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our investments. Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of these individuals. The departure of any of these individuals or competing demands on their time in the future could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. Further, if these individuals do not maintain their existing relationships with financial institutions, sponsors and investment professionals and do not develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio or achieve our investment objective. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources (including deposits) that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to offer. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We believe that some competitors may make loans with rates that are comparable or lower than our rates. We may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. In addition, we believe a significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the market for investments in small, fast-growing, private companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financing sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. 
 those experienced during portions of the last three fiscal years for any substantial length of time could make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential for liquidity events involving these investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). As a result, volatility in the capital markets can adversely affect our investment valuations. Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required and to value such investments. Consequently, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we carry our investments. An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a prolonged period of market illiquidity may cause us to reduce the volume of loans and debt securities we originate and/or fund and adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 No person or entity from which we borrow money will have a veto power or a vote in approving or changing any of our fundamental policies. If we issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in your best interest. Holders of our common stock will directly or indirectly bear all of the costs associated with offering and servicing any preferred stock that we issue. In addition, any interests of preferred stockholders may not necessarily align with the interests of holders of our common stock and the rights of holders of shares of preferred stock to receive distributions would be senior to those of holders of shares of our common stock. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We will also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities.) 

(1) Assumes (i) 1,126.4 million in total assets, (ii) 620.0 million in outstanding principal indebtedness, (iii) 459.7 million in net assets as of December 31, 2022 and (iv) weighted average interest rate, excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), of 6.2 as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information regarding our borrowings. 
 
 continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lenders or their designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any security interests and/or negative covenants required by any credit facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under any credit facility were to decrease, we may be required to secure additional assets in an amount sufficient to cure any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under the credit facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make distributions. In addition, we may be subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under a credit facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business. 
 
 expense, even though our interest income from investments is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum interest rates. If general interest rates rise, there is a risk that the portfolio companies in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our portfolio companies, which could adversely affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from such fixed-rate investments. The elimination of LIBOR or any other changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. In addition, while the majority of our portfolio company debt investments are based on the Prime rate and not LIBOR, in connection with the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate credit agreements extending beyond 2022 with our portfolio companies that utilize LIBOR, if any, to provide for an alternative reference rate, to the extent they do not already provide for as much upon the cessation of LIBOR, which may have an adverse effect on our overall financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility generally bear interest at a rate related to LIBOR, but its terms provide for the replacement of LIBOR with SOFR no later than July 1, 2023 or the date that the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR rates, if earlier. In addition, the transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in our accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing, liability management and other aspects of our business. We are assessing the impact of a transition from LIBOR; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of the transition at this time. 
 
 the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 

 the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow; 

 the markets in which the portfolio company does business; and 

 changes in the interest rate and inflation rate environments and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future and other relevant factors. 

 We expect that most of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and require disclosures about the level of disaggregation along with the inputs and valuation techniques we use to measure fair value. This means that our portfolio valuations are based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. Inputs into the determination of fair value of our portfolio investments require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We employ the services of one or more independent service providers to review the valuation of these securities. The types of factors that the Board may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty in the value of our portfolio investments, a fair value determination may cause net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize upon one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing shares of our common stock based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the value of the investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling shares during a period in which the net asset value understates the value of investments will receive a lower price for their shares than the value the investment portfolio might warrant. We will adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio to reflect the determination of the Board of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statements of operations as net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investments changes in regulatory and governmental programs, periodic downturns, below investment grade ratings, which could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in us. We invest primarily in growth stage companies, many of which may have narrow product lines and small market shares, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as to general economic downturns, compared to more mature companies. The revenues, income (or losses), and projected financial performance and valuations of growth stage companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. For these reasons, investments in our portfolio companies, if rated by one or more ratings agency, would typically be rated below investment grade, which refers to securities rated by ratings agencies below the four highest rating categories. Our target growth stage companies are geographically concentrated and are therefore highly susceptible to materially negative local, political, natural and economic events. In addition, high growth industries are generally characterized by abrupt business cycles and intense competition. Overcapacity in high growth industries, together with cyclical economic downturns, may result in substantial decreases in the value of many growth stage companies and/or their ability to meet their current and projected financial performance to service our debt. Furthermore, growth stage companies also typically rely on venture capital and private equity investors, or initial public offerings, or sales for additional capital. Venture capital firms in turn rely on their limited partners to pay in capital over time in order to fund their ongoing and future investment activities. To the extent that venture capital firms limited partners are unable or choose not to fulfill their ongoing funding obligations, the venture capital firms may be unable to continue operationally and/or financially supporting the ongoing operations of our portfolio companies which could materially and adversely impact our financing arrangement with the portfolio company. These companies, their industries, their products and customer demand and the outlook and competitive landscape for their industries are all subject to change, which could adversely impact their ability to execute their business plans and generate cash flow or raise additional capital that would serve as the basis for repayment of our loans. Therefore, our growth stage companies may face considerably more risk of loss than do companies at other stages of development. 
 
 either event, we could suffer a loss on our investment and might lose future revenues, and we might also have adverse tax consequences. 
 
 Various social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Such events, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China, other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, the war between Russia and Ukraine, and the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. These market and economic disruptions could negatively impact the operating results of our portfolio companies. 

In addition, investing in small, fast-growing, private companies involves a number of significant risks, including the following: these companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. This failure to meet obligations may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

 they typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions, market conditions, and general economic downturns; 

 they are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

 they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion, or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers and directors may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 

 they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding debt upon maturity. 

Second Lien Secured Loans. In structuring our loans, we may subordinate our security interest in certain assets of a borrower to another lender, usually a bank, such that we hold a second lien secured loan. In these situations, all of the risks identified above regarding senior secured loans would be present and additional risks inherent in holding a junior security position would also be present, including that our second lien secured loans generally would be subordinated to senior loans and other creditors may rank senior to us in the event of default, insolvency or liquidation. In addition, these securities may not be protected by all of the financial covenants, such as limitations upon additional indebtedness, typically protecting such senior debt. In the event a portfolio company cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet senior debt service, we may suffer a partial or total loss of our investment in a second lien secured loan. Equity and Equity-Related Investments. When we invest in secured loans, we may acquire equity and equity-related securities as well. In addition, we may invest directly in the equity and equity-related securities of portfolio companies. The equity and equity-related interests we receive may not appreciate in value and may in fact decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity and equity-related interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity and equity-related interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 

agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first-priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first-priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; the approval of amendments to collateral documents; releases of liens on the collateral; and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. In addition, a bankruptcy court may choose not to enforce an intercreditor agreement or other agreement with creditors. We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. We may also make subordinated investments that rank below other obligations of the obligor in right of payment. Subordinated investments are generally more volatile than secured loans and are subject to greater risk of default than senior obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or in general economic conditions. If we make a subordinated investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged, and its relatively high loan-to-value ratio may create increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to service all of its debt obligations. 
 companies and our investment returns. Furthermore, if any of our portfolio companies fail to comply with applicable regulations, they could be subject to significant penalties and claims that could materially and adversely affect their operations, which would also impact our ability to realize value since our exit from the investment may be subject to the portfolio company obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. Our portfolio companies may be subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the regulatory approval process for their products and, even if approved, these products may not be accepted in the marketplace. Further, industries within the energy sector are cyclical with fluctuations in commodity prices, and demand for and production of commodities is driven by a variety of factors. The highly cyclical nature of the industries within the energy sector may lead to volatile changes in commodity prices. Commodity price fluctuation may adversely affect the earnings of companies in which we may invest. The value of our investments in our portfolio companies may decline if they are not able to commercialize their technology, products, business concepts or services. See If our portfolio companies are unable to commercialize their technologies, products, business concepts or services, the returns on our investments could be adversely affected. for additional risks related to investments in technology companies, including green technology. We may invest in technology-related companies that do not have venture capital or private equity firms as equity investors, and these companies may entail a higher risk of loss than do companies with institutional equity investors, which could increase the risk of loss of our investment. Our portfolio companies may require substantial additional equity financing to satisfy their continuing working capital and other cash requirements and, in most instances, to service the interest and principal payments on our investment. Portfolio companies that do not have venture capital or private equity investors may be unable to raise any additional capital to satisfy their obligations or to raise sufficient additional capital to reach the next stage of development. Portfolio companies that do not have venture capital or private equity investors may be less financially sophisticated and may not have access to independent members to serve on their boards, which means that they may be less successful than portfolio companies sponsored by venture capital or private equity firms. Accordingly, financing these types of companies may entail a higher risk of loss than would financing companies that are sponsored by venture capital or private equity firms. 
 
 decline to approve an investment for the joint venture that we otherwise want the joint venture to make. A joint venture may also use investment leverage which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. Generally, the amount of borrowing by the joint venture is not included when calculating our total borrowing and related leverage ratios and is not subject to asset coverage requirements imposed by the 1940 Act. If the activities of the joint venture were required to be consolidated with our activities because of a change in rules governing U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or SEC staff interpretations, it is likely that we would have to reorganize any such joint venture. 

valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. Further, many of our investments will likely have a principal amount outstanding at maturity, which could result in a substantial loss to us if the borrower is unable to refinance or repay. 

expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes (potentially at confiscatory levels), less liquid markets, less available information than is generally the case in the U.S., higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. Although we expect that all or substantially all of our investments will be U.S. dollar denominated, any investments denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. As discussed below, we may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that such strategies will be effective or without risk to us. To the extent that these investments are denominated in a foreign currency, we may engage in hedging transactions. Engaging in either hedging transactions or investing in foreign securities would entail additional risks to our stockholders. We may, for example, use instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors, forward contracts or currency options or borrow under a credit facility in foreign currencies to minimize our foreign currency exposure. In each such case, we generally would seek to hedge against fluctuations of the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in market interest rates or currency exchange rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions would not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of the positions declined. However, such hedging could establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions could also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions increased. Moreover, it might not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that was so generally anticipated that we would not be able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. While we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged could vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we might not seek to establish a perfect correlation between the hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation could prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it might not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities would likely fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. In addition, income derived from hedging transactions that is distributed to non-U.S. stockholders may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Changes to the regulations applicable to the financial instruments we use to accomplish our hedging strategy could affect the effectiveness of that strategy. See We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts we have entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposed requirements relating to real-time public and regulatory reporting of OTC derivative transactions, enhanced documentation requirements, position limits on an expanded array of derivatives, and record keeping requirements. Taken as a whole, these changes could significantly increase the cost of using uncleared OTC derivatives to hedge risks, including interest rate and foreign exchange risk; reduce the level of exposure we are able to obtain for risk management purposes through OTC derivatives (including as the result of the CFTC imposing position limits on additional products); reduce the amounts available to us to make non-derivatives investments; impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives; and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by us, all of which could adversely impact our investment returns. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

asset value and our stock may also be discounted in the market. This characteristic of closed-end investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share of common stock may decline. We cannot predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below net asset value. In addition, if our common stock trades below its net asset value, we will generally not be able to sell additional shares of our common stock to the public at its market price without first obtaining the approval of a majority of our stockholders (including a majority of our unaffiliated stockholders) and our independent directors for such issuance. 
 
 securities, or the availability of securities for future sales, will have on the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time. 

All distributions declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our distribution reinvestment plan will generally be automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock if the investor does not elect to opt out of the plan. As a result, stockholders that opt out of our distribution reinvestment plan may experience accretion to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium to net asset value and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount to net asset value. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the distribution payable to stockholders. 
 Risks Related to the Notes and the Convertible Notes 
 
 rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes or the Convertible Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, (3) indebtedness or other obligations of ours that are guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore are structurally senior to the Notes or the Convertible Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or other obligations incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes or the Convertible Notes with respect to the assets of those subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligations that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from incurring additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings; 

 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the Notes or the Convertible Notes , including subordinated indebtedness, except that we have agreed that, for the period of time during which each of such notes are outstanding, we will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions. These provisions generally prohibit us from declaring any cash dividend or distribution upon any class of our capital stock, or purchasing any such capital stock if our asset coverage were below 150 at the time of the declaration of the dividend or distribution or the purchase and after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution, or purchase. Under this covenant, we will be permitted to declare a cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions, but only up to such amount as is necessary for us to maintain our status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Furthermore, this covenant will permit us to continue paying dividends or distributions and the restrictions will not apply unless and until such time as our asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act, except to the extent modified by this covenant) has not been in compliance with the minimum asset coverage required by Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions for more than six consecutive months. For the purposes of determining asset coverage as used above, any and all indebtedness of the Company, including any outstanding borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility and any successor or additional credit facility, will be deemed a senior security of us; 

 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 

 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and lease back transactions; 

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

 make investments; or 

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

 In addition, under the indenture governing the 2025 Notes, we are not required to offer to purchase the 2025 Notes in connection with a change of control or any other event. Such limitation does not apply to the August 2026 Notes, the December 2026 Notes or the Convertible Notes under their respective governing indentures. See We may not be able to repurchase either of the August 2026 Notes or the December 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and We may not have, or have the ability to raise, the funds necessary to purchase the Convertible Notes as required upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion or purchase of the Convertible Notes. Furthermore, the Notes and the Convertible Notes and the terms of their respective indentures do not protect holders of such notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow, or liquidity. Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Notes and the Convertible Notes may have important consequences for the holders of such notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes and the Convertible Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Notes and the Convertible Notes to the extent such a trading market develops for such notes. Certain of our current debt instruments include more protections for their holders than the Notes and the Convertible Notes, including under the respective indentures of such notes. In addition, other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the Notes and the Convertible Notes, including under the respective indentures of such notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels and prices of the Notes and the Convertible Notes to the extent such a market develops for such notes. 
 
 reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes being redeemed. 

performance and prospects and other factors. If a market is made for any of such notes, any such market-making may be discontinued at any time. In addition, any market-making activity, if any, will be subject to limits imposed by law. Accordingly, we can provide no assurance that a liquid trading market, if any, will develop for such notes, that a holder will be able to sell any of such notes at a particular time, or that the price a holder may receive when it sells any of such notes will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for such notes may be harmed. Accordingly, a holder may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in such notes for an indefinite period of time. The 2025 Notes are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TRINL. We cannot provide any assurances that an active trading market will develop or be maintained for the 2025 Notes, that a holder will be able to sell its 2025 Notes, or that the price a holder may receive when it sells its 2025 Notes will be favorable. The 2025 Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. The underwriters of the public offering of the 2025 Notes have advised us that they intend to make a market in the 2025 Notes, but they are not obligated to do so. Such underwriters may discontinue any market-making in the 2025 Notes at any time at their sole discretion. 

of our common stock on a national securities exchange for any 30 consecutive trading days exceeds 120 of the conversion price, as may be adjusted. Upon such conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes, equal to the conversion rate, and a forced conversion make-whole payment, if any, in cash, as described Convertible Notes Indenture. In this circumstance, the holders may not be able to reinvest the proceeds therefrom in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Convertible Notes. 

departure of key personnel; 

 general economic trends and other external factors; and 

 loss of a major funding source. 

 Under the Convertible Notes Registration Rights Agreement, we have agreed to file a resale registration statement for the Convertible Notes and any shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. Under the Convertible Notes Registration Rights Agreement, we are required to register the resale of the Convertible Notes and such shares under the Securities Act. Until any such resale registration statement has been declared effective, holders of the Convertible Notes and such shares may not offer or sell the Convertible Notes and such shares except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an effective registration statement. The SEC, however, has broad discretion to determine whether any registration statement will be declared effective and may delay or deny the effectiveness of any such resale registration statement filed by us for a variety of reasons. Our ability to have declared effective by the SEC a registration statement pertaining to the resale of the Convertible Notes and/or any shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes on a timely basis will depend upon our ability to resolve any issues that may be raised by the SEC. No assurance can be given as to when any such resale registration statement with respect to the Convertible Notes and/or any shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes will become effective. Failure to have any such resale registration statement become effective could adversely affect the liquidity and price of the Convertible Notes and/or any shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, as applicable. 

of: the original issue price for the Convertible Notes and that portion of any OID that does not constitute unmatured interest for purposes of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Any OID that was not amortized as of the date of the bankruptcy filing would constitute unmatured interest. Accordingly, holders of the Convertible Notes under these circumstances may receive a lesser amount than they would be entitled to under the terms of the Convertible Notes Indenture, even if sufficient funds are available. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks financial covenants under loan and credit agreements, each of which could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making annual distributions necessary to receive RIC tax treatment. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify to be taxed as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our entire taxable income at corporate tax rates without regard to any distributions made by us. In order to be taxed as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset-diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments are in private or thinly traded public companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to be taxed as a RIC for any reason and become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, the resulting taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distributions to stockholders and the amount of our distributions and the amount of funds available for new investments. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 
 
 instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expenses for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even if we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, make a partial share distribution, or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, and choose not to make a qualifying share distribution, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate tax rates. 
 
 General Risk Factors Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. The SEC has proposed rules that, among other matters, would establish a framework for reporting of climate-related risks. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would become effective (if at all). Compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we or our portfolio companies conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 operations and cash flows. We incur significant additional annual expenses related to these steps and, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. The systems and resources necessary to comply with public company reporting requirements will increase further once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following an IPO or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 

In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for global lawmakers and regulators, and some jurisdictions have proposed or enacted laws requiring companies to notify regulators and individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Compliance with such laws and regulations may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we fail to comply with the relevant and increasing laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Currently, we lease office space in Phoenix, Arizona for our corporate headquarters. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of any future legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 5. Mar ket for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq on January 29, 2021 under the symbol TRIN in connection with our IPO, which closed on February 2, 2021. Prior to our IPO, the shares of our common stock were offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. As such, there was no public market for shares of our common stock during year ended December 31, 2020. Since our IPO, our common stock has traded at prices both above and below our net asset value per share. 
 1, 2023, we had approximately 82 stockholders of record, which does not include stockholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 

Price Range 

Class and Period 
 
 Net Asset Value (1) 

High 

Low 

High Sales Price Premium (Discount) to Net Asset Value (2) 
 
 Low Sales Price Premium (Discount) to Net Asset Value (2) 
 
 Cash Dividend Per Share (3) 

Year Ending December 31, 2023 

First Quarter (through March 1, 2023) 

Year Ending December 31, 2022 

Fourth Quarter 

() 

0.61 
 
 (5) 

Third Quarter 

() 

0.60 
 
 (5) 

Second Quarter 

() 

0.57 
 
 (5) 

First Quarter 

0.55 
 
 (5) 

Year Ending December 31, 2021 

Fourth Quarter 

() 

0.36 

Third Quarter 

() 

0.33 

Second Quarter 

() 

0.29 

First Quarter (4) 

0.28 

(1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. 

 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less net asset value, divided by net asset value (in each case, as of the applicable quarter). 

 (3) Represents the dividend or distribution declared in the relevant quarter. 

 (4) Shares of our common stock began trading on Nasdaq on January 29, 2021, under the trading symbol TRIN . 

 (5) Consists of a quarterly dividend and a supplemental dividend. 

Not determined at time of filing. 

Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. At times, our shares of common stock have traded at prices both above and below our net asset value per share. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value per share or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above, or below net asset value per share. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 Our amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan DRIP provides for the reinvestment of distributions in the form of common stock on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder has elected to receive distributions in cash. As a result, if we declare a cash distribution, our stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP by the opt out date will have their cash distribution automatically reinvested into additional shares of our common stock. The share requirements of the DRIP may be satisfied through the issuance of common shares or through open market purchases of common shares by the DRIP plan administrator. Newly issued shares will be valued based upon the final closing price of our common stock on the valuation date determined for each distribution by the Board. 
 Our DRIP is administered by our transfer agent on behalf of our record holders and participating brokerage firms. Brokerage firms and other financial intermediaries may decide not to participate in our DRIP but may provide 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 a similar distribution reinvestment plan for their clients. Issuances under the plan are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On November 14, 2022, the Board authorized a stock repurchase plan permitting the Company to repurchase up to 25.0 million of common stock until November 11, 2023, or until 25.0 million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. Under the repurchase program, the Company may, but is not obligated to, repurchase up to an additional 23.0 million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Information relating to repurchases of our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Total Number of 
 
 Approximate Dollar 

Shares Purchased as 
 
 Value of Shares that 

Part of Publicly 
 
 May Yet Be Purchased 

Average Price 
 
 Announced Plans or 
 
 Under the Stock 

Period 
 
 Paid per Share 
 
 Programs 
 
 Repurchase Program 

October 1 through October 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

November 1 through November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

25,000,000 

December 1 through December 31, 2022 

10.77 

185,722 

23,000,012 

Total 

10.77 

185,722 

23,000,012 

Distribution Policy 
 In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we must distribute to our stockholders, in respect of each taxable year, dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to the Annual Distribution Requirement. Upon satisfying this requirement in respect of a taxable year, we generally will not be subject to corporate taxes on any income we distribute to our stockholders as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 However, as a RIC we will be subject to a 4 non-deductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income and gains unless we make distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a timely manner to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. We will not be subject to this excise tax on any amount on which we incurred U.S. federal corporate income tax (such as the tax imposed on a RIC s retained net capital gains). Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, we may choose to carry over taxable income in excess of current taxable year distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes from such taxable income into the next taxable year and incur a 4 excise tax on such taxable income, as required. The maximum amount of excess taxable income that may be carried over for distribution in the next taxable year under the Code is the total amount of distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes paid in the following taxable year, subject to certain declaration and payment guidelines. To the extent we choose to carry over taxable income into the next taxable year, distributions declared and paid by us in a taxable year may differ from our taxable income for that taxable year as such distributions may include the distribution of current taxable year taxable income, the distribution of prior taxable year taxable income carried over into and distributed in the current taxable year, or returns of capital. 
 We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. Our ability to make distributions will be limited by the asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act. See Item 1. Business Regulation. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Board maintains a variable distribution policy with the objective of distributing four quarterly distributions in an amount that approximates 90-100 of our taxable quarterly income or potential annual income for a particular taxable year. 
 We maintain an opt-out dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distribution on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our Board authorizes, and we declare a cash distribution, then our stockholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distribution automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash distributions. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, we issued 187,923, 281,149 and 271,414 shares, respectively, of common stock to stockholders in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 187,923 shares of common stock for a total of approximately 3.0 million under the DRIP. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 281,149 shares of common stock for a total of approximately 4.1 million under the DRIP. 
 
 On January 13, 2023, we issued 54,185 shares of our common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, which related to the dividend declared on December 15, 2022. These issuances were not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following stock performance graph compares the cumulative stockholder return of an investment in our common stock, the NASDAQ Financial 100 Index, the S P 500 and the S P BDC Index. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and distributions. It assumes that distributions paid are reinvested in like securities prior to any tax effect. 
 
 The stock price performance included in the above performance graph is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. The performance graph and other information furnished under Part II. Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 
 Item 6. [ Reserved] 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms we, us, our, and the Company refer to Trinity Capital Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 This discussion contained forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section entitled Risk Factors. Please also see the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a specialty lending company providing debt, including loans and equipment financings, to growth stage companies, including venture capital-backed companies and companies with institutional equity investors. We are an internally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a BDC and a RIC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. 

Our History 
 Trinity Capital Inc. was incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland on August 12, 2019 and commenced operations on January 16, 2020. Prior to January 16, 2020, we had no operations, except for matters relating to our formation and organization as a BDC. 
 On January 16, 2020, through the Formation Transactions, we acquired the Legacy Funds and all of their respective assets, including the Legacy Portfolio, as well as Trinity Capital Holdings, a holding company whose 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 subsidiaries managed and/or had the right to receive fees from certain of the Legacy Funds. In order to complete these transactions, we used a portion of the proceeds from the Private Offerings. 
 The Legacy Funds were merged with and into the Company, and we issued 9,183,185 shares of our common stock for an aggregate amount of approximately 137.7 million and paid approximately 108.7 million in cash to the Legacy Investors, which included the general partners, managers or managing members of the Legacy Funds, to acquire the Legacy Funds and all of their respective assets, including the Legacy Portfolio. Our senior management team, led by Steven L. Brown, comprises the majority of the senior management team that managed the Legacy Funds and sourced the Legacy Portfolio. 
 As part of the Formation Transactions, we also acquired 100 of the equity interests of Trinity Capital Holdings for an aggregate purchase price of 10.0 million, which was comprised of 533,332 shares of our common stock, totaling approximately 8.0 million, and approximately 2.0 million in cash. In connection with the acquisition of such equity interests, the Company also assumed a 3.5 million severance related liability with respect to a former member of certain general partners of certain Legacy Funds. In connection with the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings, approximately 13.5 million (consisting of the aggregate purchase price and severance related liability assumed) was expensed to Costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and Legacy Funds in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result of the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital Holdings became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 On February 2, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 8,006,291 shares of our common stock at a price of 14.00 per share, inclusive of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, which was exercised in full. Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on January 29, 2021 under the symbol TRIN. Proceeds from this offering were primarily used to pay down a portion of our existing indebtedness outstanding. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and pursuant to Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. The Company follows accounting and reporting guidance as determined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), in FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 946, Financial Services Investment Companies . 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. Valuation of investments, income recognition, realized / unrealized gains or losses and U.S. federal income taxes are considered to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. For additional information, please refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. The Company s investments are carried at fair value in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC 946 and measured in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the observability of inputs used to measure fair value, and provides disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires the Company to assume that each of the portfolio investments is sold in a hypothetical transaction in the principal or, as applicable, most advantageous market using market participant assumptions as of the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. The Company values its investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s Board in accordance with the provisions of ASC 820 and the 1940 Act. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The SEC recently adopted new Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 ), which establishes a framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. As adopted, Rule 2a-5 permits boards of directors to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule 31a-4 ), which provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. While the Company's Board has not elected to designate a valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions to its valuation policies and procedures to comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 
 While the Board is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of the Company s investments, the Company has engaged independent valuation firms to provide the Company with valuation assistance with respect to its investments. The Company engages independent valuation firms on a discretionary basis. Specifically, on a quarterly basis, the Company identifies portfolio investments with respect to which an independent valuation firm assists in valuing certain investments. The Company selects these portfolio investments based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the potential for material fluctuations in valuation results, size, credit quality and the time lapse since the last valuation of the portfolio investment by an independent valuation firm. 
 Investments recorded on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities are categorized based on the inputs to the valuation techniques as follows: 
 Level 1 Investments whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in an active market that the Company has the ability to access (examples include investments in active exchange-traded equity securities and investments in most U.S. government and agency securities). 
 Level 2 Investments whose values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or model inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the investment. 
 Level 3 Investments whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement (for example, investments in illiquid securities issued by privately held companies). These inputs reflect management s own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the investment. 
 Given the nature of lending to venture capital-backed growth stage companies, substantially all of the Company s investments in these portfolio companies are considered Level 3 assets under ASC 820 because there is no known or accessible market or market indexes for these investment securities to be traded or exchanged. The Company uses an internally developed portfolio investment rating system in connection with its investment oversight, portfolio management and analysis and investment valuation procedures. This system takes into account both quantitative and qualitative factors of the portfolio companies. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. 
 Fair value estimates are made at discrete points in time based on relevant information. These estimates may be subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, consisting of cash, investments, receivables, payables and other liabilities approximate the fair values of such items due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 Income Recognition 
 Interest Income 
 The Company recognizes interest income on an accrual basis and recognizes it as earned in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. OID initially includes the estimated fair value of detachable warrants obtained in conjunction with the origination of debt securities, and is accreted into interest income over the term of the loan as a yield enhancement based on the 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 effective yield method. Interest income from PIK represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance recorded on an accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. 
 In addition, the Company may also be entitled to an end-of-term EOT fee. EOT fees related to debt investments to be paid at the termination of the financing arrangements are accreted into interest income over the contractual life of the debt based on the effective yield method. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had an EOT payments receivable of approximately 59.9 million and 46.7 million, respectively, which is included as a component of the cost basis of the Company s current debt securities. When a portfolio company pre-pays their indebtedness prior to the scheduled maturity date, the acceleration of the unaccreted OID and EOT is recognized as interest income. 
 Income related to application or origination payments, including facility commitment fees, net of related expenses and generally collected in advance, are accreted into interest income over the contractual life of the loan. The Company recognizes nonrecurring fees and additional OID and EOT received in consideration for contract modifications commencing in the quarter relating to the specific modification. 
 Fee Income 
 The Company recognizes one-time fee income, including, but not limited to, structuring fees, prepayment penalties, and exit fees related to a change in ownership of the portfolio company, as other income when earned. These fees are generally earned when the portfolio company enters into an equipment financing arrangement or pays off their outstanding indebtedness prior to the scheduled maturity. 
 Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity 
 Portfolio Composition 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio had an aggregate fair value of approximately 1,094.4 million and was comprised of approximately 802.9 million in secured loans, 246.0 million in equipment financings, and 45.5 million in equity and warrants, across 116 portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio had an aggregate fair value of approximately 873.5 million and was comprised of approximately 551.9 million in secured loans, 184.1 million in equipment financings, and 137.5 million in equity and warrants, across 94 portfolio companies. 
 A summary of the composition of our investment portfolio at cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments are shown in the following table as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair 

Fair 

Type 
 
 Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Secured Loans 

71.7 

73.3 

69.8 

63.2 

Equipment Financings 

23.1 

22.5 

23.0 

21.1 

Equity 

3.4 

1.3 

5.3 

11.5 

Warrants 

1.8 

2.9 

1.9 

4.2 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

73 
 
 Table of Contents 

The following table shows the composition of our investment portfolio by geographic region at cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair 

Fair 

Geographic Region 
 
 Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

United States 

West 

39.3 

40.3 

46.5 

50.7 

Northeast 

27.9 

28.4 

26.4 

24.5 

Mountain 

10.7 

11.2 

8.2 

8.1 

South 

8.9 

7.2 

7.6 

7.0 

Midwest 

5.1 

4.6 

3.7 

2.7 

Southeast 

1.0 

1.0 

0.1 

0.1 

International: 

Canada 

4.5 

4.6 

7.5 

6.9 

Western Europe 

2.6 

2.7 

0.0 

0.0 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Industry classifications have been updated to a preferred presentation. Set forth below is a table showing the industry composition of our investment portfolio at cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair 

Fair 

Industry 
 
 Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Green Technology 

12.3 

14.0 

10.0 

16.7 

Finance and Insurance 

9.9 

10.4 

9.1 

8.6 

Food and Agriculture Technologies 

8.8 

9.3 

9.4 

9.0 

Real Estate Technology 

8.9 

8.8 

8.0 

7.5 

Space Technology 

6.2 

6.5 

3.8 

3.5 

Life Sciences 

6.2 

6.5 

2.9 

2.7 

Consumer Products Services 

6.2 

6.4 

9.5 

8.7 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

5.3 

5.5 

8.0 

6.3 

Healthcare 

7.7 

5.3 

10.4 

9.0 

Automation Internet of Things 

4.7 

5.0 

6.8 

7.0 

Digital Assets Technology and Services 

5.3 

4.1 

6.2 

5.6 

Human Resource Technology 

3.5 

3.8 

0.6 

0.6 

Connectivity 

3.1 

3.1 

4.7 

4.1 

Transportation Technology 

2.7 

2.7 

1.5 

1.4 

SaaS 

2.5 

2.7 

3.5 

4.6 

Industrials 

2.1 

2.1 

0.0 

0.0 

Construction Technology 

2.1 

1.8 

3.3 

2.5 

Education Technology 

1.6 

1.3 

2.3 

2.2 

Supply Chain Technology 

0.9 

0.7 

0.0 

0.0 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the debt, including loans and equipment financings, in our portfolio had a weighted average time to maturity of approximately 3.2 and 3.4 years. Additional information regarding our portfolio is set forth in the consolidated schedule of investments and the related notes thereto included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is the risk of default or non-performance by portfolio companies, equivalent to the investment s carrying amount. Industry and sector concentrations will vary from period to period based on portfolio activity. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s ten largest portfolio companies represented approximately 31.7 and 36.1 , respectively, of the total fair value of the Company s investments in portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 16 and nine portfolio companies, respectively, that represented 5 or more of the Company s net assets. 
 Investment Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested approximately 381.1 million in 34 new portfolio companies and approximately 250.1 million in 32 existing portfolio companies, excluding deferred fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received an aggregate of 336.6 million in proceeds from repayments and sales of our investments, including proceeds of approximately 149.8 million from early repayments on our debt investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested approximately 395.3 million in 33 new portfolio companies and approximately 163.0 million in 24 existing portfolio companies, excluding deferred fees. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received an aggregate of approximately 290.2 million in proceeds from repayments of our debt investments, including proceeds of approximately 190.1 million from early repayments on our debt investments. 
 The following table provides a summary of the changes in the investment portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Beginning Portfolio, at fair value 

873,470 

493,651 

Purchases, net of deferred fees 

627,211 

554,832 

Non-cash conversion 

916 

Principal payments received on investments 

(124,018) 

(74,278) 

Proceeds from early debt repayments 

(149,769) 

(190,107) 

Sale of investments 

(62,767) 

(25,787) 

Accretion of OID, EOT, and PIK payments 

32,220 

21,238 

Net realized gain/(loss) 

32,853 

12,708 

Third party participation (1) 

(283) 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

(134,814) 

80,580 

Ending Portfolio, at fair value 

1,094,386 

873,470 

(1) Certain third parties had rights to 17,485 shares of Ology Bioservices common stock at a fair value of approximately 0.6 million as of December 31, 2020. During March 2021, these shares were reissued by Ology Bioservices directly to the third parties and the corresponding liability was removed from the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. The activity related to these shares and the related liability is recorded against unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). 

The level of our investment activity can vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt, including loans and equipment financings, and equity capital required by growth stage companies, the general economic environment and market conditions and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Portfolio Asset Quality 
 Our portfolio management team uses an ongoing investment risk rating system to characterize and monitor our outstanding loans and equipment financings. Our portfolio management team monitors and, when appropriate, recommends changes to the investment risk ratings. Our Investment Committee reviews the recommendations and/or changes to the investment risk ratings, which are submitted on a quarterly basis to the Board and its Audit Committee. 
 For our investment risk rating system, we review seven different criteria and, based on our review of such criteria, we assign a risk rating on a scale of 1 to 5, as set forth in the following illustration. 

The following table shows the distribution of our loan and equipment financing investments on the 1 to 5 investment risk rating scale range at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Investment Risk Rating 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Scale Range 
 
 Designation 
 
 Fair Value 

Total Portfolio 

Fair Value 

Total Portfolio 

4.0 - 5.0 
 
 Very Strong Performance 

2,729 

0.3 

84,785 

11.5 

3.0 - 3.9 
 
 Strong Performance 

239,872 

22.9 

236,466 

32.1 

2.0 - 2.9 
 
 Performing 

756,596 

72.1 

396,846 

53.9 

1.6 - 1.9 
 
 Watch 

39,315 

3.7 

13,427 

1.9 

1.0 - 1.5 
 
 Default/Workout 

10,317 

1.0 

4,444 

0.6 

Total 

1,048,829 

100.0 

735,968 

100.0 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our debt investments had a weighted average risk rating score of 2.8 and 3.0, respectively. 
 Debt Investments on Non-Accrual Status 
 When a debt security becomes 90 days or more past due, or if our management otherwise does not expect that principal, interest, and other obligations due will be collected in full, we will generally place the debt security on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on that debt security until all principal and interest due has been paid or we believe the borrower has demonstrated the ability to repay its current and future contractual obligations. Any uncollected interest is reversed from income in the period that collection of the interest receivable is determined to be doubtful. However, we may make exceptions to this policy if the investment has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, loans to two portfolio companies and equipment financings to two portfolio companies were on non-accrual status with a total cost of approximately 49.2 million, and a total fair value of approximately 17.8 million, or 1.7 , of the fair value of the Company s debt investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2021, loans to two portfolio companies were on non-accrual status with a total cost of approximately 12.9 million, and a total fair value of approximately 5.1 million, or 0.7 , of the fair value of the Company s debt investment portfolio. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A discussion of our portfolio composition and investment activity for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 is available in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022 and is available on the SEC s EDGAR database. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations encompasses our consolidated results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Investment Income 
 The following table sets forth the components of investment income (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Stated interest income 

105,367 

54,492 

Amortization of original issue discount 

23,766 

15,514 

Acceleration of amortization of original issue discount 

9,703 

6,621 

Prepayment penalty and related fees 

3,864 

2,564 

Other fee income 

2,800 

3,001 

Total investment income 

145,500 

82,192 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, total investment income was approximately 145.5 million, which represents an approximate effective yield of 15.1 on the average investments during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, total investment income was approximately 82.2 million, which represents an approximate effective yield of 15.4 on the average investments during the year. The increase in investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to higher stated interest income and amortization of OID and EOT based on an increased principal value of income producing debt investments and increased one-time non-recurring fee income, which fluctuates based on investment activity and early repayment activity. 
 Operating Expenses and Excise Taxes 
 Our operating expenses are comprised of interest and fees on our borrowings, employee compensation, excise tax, professional fees and general and administrative expenses. Our operating expenses totaled approximately 73.9 million and 43.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 is discussed with respect to each component of such expenses below. 
 Interest Expense and Other Debt Financing Costs 
 Our interest expense and other debt financing costs are primarily comprised of interest and fees related to our secured borrowings, the Notes and the Convertible Notes. Interest expense and other debt financing costs on our borrowings totaled approximately 34.1 million and 20.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our weighted average effective interest rate, comprised of interest and amortization of fees and discount, was approximately 6.2 and 7.1 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in interest 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to increases in borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility, as well as the additional issuance of our 2025 Notes. 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Employee compensation and benefits totaled approximately 27.2 million and 15.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in employee compensation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates primarily to the increased variable and share-based compensation from higher head count. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 57 and 41 employees, respectively. 
 
 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan 
 The Company s Board adopted and approved the 2019 Trinity Capital Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan on October 17, 2019 and the Company s stockholders approved the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan on June 17, 2021 at the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, with the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan becoming effective on June 17, 2021. Under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, awards of restricted stock, incentive stock options and non-statutory stock options (together with incentive stock options, Options may be granted to certain of the Company s executive officers, employee directors and other employees (collectively, the Employee Participants in accordance with the SEC exemptive order the Company received on May 27, 2021 (the SEC Exemptive Order ). While the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan contemplates grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units, Options, dividend equivalent rights, performance awards and other stock-based awards to the Employee Participants, the Company only sought and received exemptive relief from the SEC pursuant to the SEC Exemptive Order to grant awards of restricted stock and Options. As a result, the Company will only grant awards of such securities under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan. The Employee Participants will have the right to receive dividends on such awarded restricted stock, unless and until the restricted stock is forfeited. 
 Subject to certain adjustments under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan is 3,600,000 shares. The 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan is to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan. The 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan will terminate on the day prior to the tenth anniversary of the date it was initially adopted by the Board, unless terminated sooner by action of the Board or the Compensation Committee, as applicable. 
 For additional information regarding the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, please refer to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021, and the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. The following table summarizes issuances, vesting, and retirement of shares under the plan as well as the fair value of granted stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended 

Weighted Average 

Year Ended 

Weighted Average 

December 31, 2022 

Grant Date Fair Value 

December 31, 2021 

Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested as of Beginning of Period 

536,552 

16.48 

Shares Granted 

722,336 

17.22 

581,300 

16.48 

Shares Vested 

(213,949) 

16.56 

(44,748) 

16.48 

Shares Forfeited 

(3,218) 

16.85 

Unvested as of Ending of Period 

1,041,721 

16.98 

536,552 

16.48 

Fair Value of Granted Stock 

12,442 

9,580 

Compensation cost recognized 

5,747 

926 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 15.3 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. As of December 31, 2021, there was approximately 8.7 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs were expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.8 years. 
 
 Excise Taxes 
 Our excise taxes totaled approximately 2.4 million and 0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in excise tax was primarily due to an increase in estimated undistributed taxable income in 2022. 
 Professional Fees Expenses 
 Professional fees expenses, consisting of legal fees, accounting fees, third-party valuation fees, and talent acquisition fees totaled approximately 4.1 million and 2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in professional fees expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted primarily from consulting expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include insurance premiums, rent, taxes and various other expenses related to our ongoing operations. Our general and administrative expenses totaled approximately 6.1 million and 4.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to marketing and travel related expenses. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income totaled approximately 71.6 million and 39.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from an increase in total investment income as compared to total expenses, including excise tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized approximately 145.5 million in total investment income as compared to approximately 73.9 million in total expenses including excise tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recognized approximately 82.2 million in total investment income as compared to approximately 43.2 million in total expenses including excise tax expense. 
 Net Realized Gains and Losses 
 Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the sale or redemption of an investment or a financial instrument and the cost basis of the investment or financial instrument, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments written off during the period. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross realized gains primarily consisted of the sale of our equity positions in two portfolio companies, and our gross realized losses primarily consisted of the sale of our debt positions in three portfolio companies. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our gross realized gains primarily consisted of the sale of our debt positions in two portfolio companies, and our gross realized losses primarily consisted of the sale of our equity positions in three portfolio companies. 
 79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The net realized gains (losses) from the sales, repayments, or exits of investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments: 

Gross realized gains 

54,117 

16,514 

Gross realized losses 

(21,264) 

(3,806) 

Total net realized gains/(losses) on investments 

32,853 

12,708 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation / (Depreciation) from Investments 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) from investments primarily reflects the net change in the fair value of the investment portfolio and financial instruments and the reclassification of any prior period unrealized appreciation or depreciation on exited investments and financial instruments to realized gains or losses. 
 Net unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

21,498 

105,576 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

(94,262) 

(22,783) 

Third party participation (1) 

283 

Net unrealized appreciation/depreciation reclassified related to net realized gains or losses 

(62,050) 

(2,496) 

Total net unrealized gains/ (losses) on investments 

(134,814) 

80,580 

(1) Certain third parties had rights to 17,485 shares of Ology Bioservices common stock at a fair value of approximately 0.6 million as of December 31, 2020. During March 2021, these shares were reissued by Ology Bioservices directly to the third parties and the corresponding liability was removed from the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. The activity related to these shares and the related liability is recorded against unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our net unrealized depreciation totaled approximately 134.8 million, which included net unrealized depreciation of 5.4 million from our warrant investments, 89.7 million from our equity investments and 39.7 million from our debt investments. The net unrealized depreciation from our equity investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 stemmed primarily from the reclassification of our gross unrealized appreciation related to proceeds of approximately 69.9 million from the sale of two equity investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, our net unrealized appreciation totaled approximately 80.6 million. Our net unrealized appreciation for the year ended December 31, 2021 is attributable primarily to net unrealized appreciation of approximately 61.8 million from our equity investments, including warrants exercised during the period, and net unrealized appreciation of 19.1 million from our warrant investments, excluding those exercised during the period, partially offset by net unrealized depreciation from our debt investments. 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled approximately 30.4 million. Net increase in net assets resulting from operations during the year ended December 31, 2021, totaled approximately 132.3 million. 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations and Earnings Per Share 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, basic and diluted net decrease in net assets per common share was 0.96. For the year ended December 31, 2021, basic and diluted net increase in net assets per common share was 5.09 and 4.64, respectively. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 is available in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022 and is available on the SEC s EDGAR database. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from the net proceeds of offerings of our securities, including our IPO, the Private Offerings, the 2025 Notes offering, the Convertible Notes offering, the August 2026 Notes offering and the December 2026 Notes offering, borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility, and cash flows from our operations, including investment sales and repayments, as well as income earned on investments and cash equivalents. Our primary use of our funds includes investments in portfolio companies, payments of interest on our outstanding debt, and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incur. We also expect to use our funds to pay distributions to our stockholders. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our borrowings, including under the KeyBank Credit Facility or any future credit facility, as well as proceeds from the turnover of our portfolio to finance our investment objectives and activities. 
 From time to time, we may enter into additional credit facilities, increase the size of our existing KeyBank Credit Facility, or issue additional securities in private or public offerings. Any such incurrence or issuance would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions, and other factors. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 36.1 million, which is the net result of 235.7 million of cash used in operating activities and 0.2 million of cash used in investing activities partially offset by 199.8 million of cash provided by financing activities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 14.4 million, which is the net result of 241.7 million of cash used in operating activities and 1.2 million of cash used in investing activities partially offset by 228.5 million of cash provided by financing activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 10.6 million and 46.7 million, respectively, of which 5.6 million and 43.4 million, respectively, was held in the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Institutional Fund. Cash held in demand deposit accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured limit and therefore is subject to credit risk. All of the Company s cash deposits are held at large established high credit quality financial institutions, and management believes that the risk of loss associated with any uninsured balances is remote. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any restricted cash. As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash consisted of approximately 15.1 million related to the Credit Suisse Credit Facility covenants. In conjunction with the maturity of the Credit Suisse Credit Facility on January 8, 2022, the restrictions on our cash thereunder expired. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had approximately 162.5 million and 38.1 million, respectively, of available borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility, subject to its terms and regulatory requirements. Cash and cash equivalents, taken together with available borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility, as of December 31, 2022, are expected to be sufficient for our investing activities and to conduct our operations in the near term and long term. 
 Refer to Note 5 Borrowings in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our borrowings. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Asset Coverage Requirements 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to incur borrowings, issue debt securities or issue preferred stock, if immediately after the borrowing or issuance, the ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total indebtedness plus preferred stock, is at least 150 . On September 27, 2019, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) and our initial stockholder approved the application to us of the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, we are permitted to potentially borrow 2 for investment purposes of every 1 of investor equity. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was approximately 174.1 and our asset coverage ratio per unit was approximately 1,741. As of December 31, 2021, our asset coverage ratio was approximately 195.8 and our asset coverage ratio per unit was approximately 1,958. 
 Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company has entered into a capital commitment to i40,LLC in the amount of 21.4 million, as of December 31, 2022, and is obligated to fund Capital Contributions through June 2024 . We did not have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company s commitments and contingencies consist primarily of unfunded commitments to extend credit in the form of loans to the Company s portfolio companies. A portion of these unfunded contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are dependent upon the portfolio company reaching certain milestones before the debt commitment becomes available. Furthermore, the Company s credit agreements with its portfolio companies generally contain customary lending provisions that allow the Company relief from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying portfolio company experiences materially adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. Since a portion of these commitments may expire without being withdrawn, unfunded contractual commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As such, the Company s disclosure of unfunded contractual commitments includes only those which are available at the request of the portfolio company and unencumbered by milestones. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any outstanding unfunded commitments. The Company will fund future unfunded commitments from the same sources it uses to fund its investment commitments that are funded at the time they are made (which are typically through existing cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of representations and warranties, and general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Company; however, based on the Company s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 A summary of our contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 1 

year 

1 - 3 years 

4 - 5 years 

After 5 years 

Total 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

187,500 

187,500 

2025 Notes 

182,500 

182,500 

Convertible Notes 

50,000 

50,000 

August 2026 Notes 

125,000 

125,000 

December 2026 Notes 

75,000 

75,000 

Operating Leases 

1,151 

801 

415 

2,367 

Total Contractual Obligations 

1,151 

620,801 

415 

622,367 

82 
 
 Table of Contents 

Distributions 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of our tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as the Board may deem relevant from time to time. 
 The following table summarizes distributions declared and/or paid by the Company since inception: 

Declaration Date 
 
 Type 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Per Share Amount 

May 7, 2020 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 May 29, 2020 
 
 June 5, 2020 

0.22 

August 10, 2020 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 August 21, 2020 
 
 September 4, 2020 

0.27 

November 9, 2020 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 November 20, 2020 
 
 December 4, 2020 

0.27 

December 22, 2020 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 December 30, 2020 
 
 January 15, 2021 

0.27 

March 23, 2021 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 April 16, 2021 

0.28 

June 15, 2021 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 July 15, 2021 

0.29 

September 13, 2021 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 October 15, 2021 

0.33 

December 16, 2021 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 January 14, 2022 

0.36 

March 15, 2022 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 April 15, 2022 

0.40 

March 15, 2022 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 April 15, 2022 

0.15 

June 15, 2022 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 July 15, 2022 

0.42 

June 15, 2022 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 July 15, 2022 

0.15 

September 15, 2022 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 October 14, 2022 

0.45 

September 15, 2022 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 October 14, 2022 

0.15 

December 15, 2022 
 
 Quarterly 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 January 13, 2023 

0.46 

December 15, 2022 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 January 13, 2023 

0.15 

Total 

4.62 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A discussion of our financial condition, liquidity and capital resource for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 is available in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022 and is available on the SEC s EDGAR database. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 Certain members of management as well as employees of the Company hold shares of the Company s stock. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements are intended to provide our directors and executive officers with the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and the 1940 Act. Each indemnification agreement provides that we shall indemnify the director or executive officer who is a party to the agreement, or an Indemnitee, including the advancement of legal expenses, if, by reason of his or her corporate status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to or a witness in any threatened, pending, or completed proceeding, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and the 1940 Act. 
 Refer to Note 12 Related Party Transactions included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Recent Developments 
 During January 2023, the Company repurchased 91,691 of its outstanding common stock at a weighted average price of 10.91. The repurchased shares were immediately canceled and thus Trinity Capital holds no treasury stock. Under the repurchase program, the Company may, but is not obligated to, repurchase up to an additional 22.0 million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022 and through the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no material events or developments occurred that require reporting. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative a nd Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk and interest rate risk. Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the overall market conditions has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effect of the volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. 

our KeyBank Credit Facility, assuming that there are no changes in our investment and borrowing structure (in thousands): 

Interest 

Interest 

Net 

Income 

Expense 

Income/(Loss) 

Up 300 basis points 

21,165 

5,625 

15,540 

Up 200 basis points 

14,110 

3,750 

10,360 

Up 100 basis points 

7,059 

1,875 

5,184 

Down 100 basis points 

(7,015) 

(1,875) 

(5,140) 

Down 200 basis points 

(14,052) 

(3,750) 

(10,302) 

Down 300 basis points 

(20,654) 

(5,625) 

(15,029) 

Hedging 
 We do not currently engage in any hedging activities. However, we may, in the future, hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. We may also borrow funds in local currency as a way to hedge our non-U.S. denominated investments. 
 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 

Item 8. Consoli dated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 88 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 91 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 93 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 116 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 133 

86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Trinity Capital Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Trinity Capital Inc. (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the underlying investee companies, borrowers and others; when replies were not received from the underlying investee companies and borrowers, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 2, 2023 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Investments at fair value: 

Control investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Non-control / Non-affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Interest receivable 

Deferred credit facility costs 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

2025 Notes, net of and , respectively, of unamortized deferred financing costs 

August 2026 Notes, net of and , respectively, of unamortized deferred financing costs 

December 2026 Notes, net of and , respectively, of unamortized deferred financing costs 

Convertible Notes, net of and , respectively, of unamortized deferred financing costs and discount 

Credit Suisse Credit Facility 

Distribution payable 

Security deposits 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value per share authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Paid-in capital in excess of par 

Distributable earnings/(accumulated deficit) 

() 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME: 

Interest income: 

Control investments 

Affiliate investments 

Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 

Total interest income 

Fee income: 

Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 

Total fee income 

Total investment income 

EXPENSES: 

Interest expense and other debt financing costs 

Compensation and benefits 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 

Excise tax expense 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME 

NET REALIZED GAIN/(LOSS) FROM INVESTMENTS: 

Control investments 

() 

() 

Affiliate investments 

() 

Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 

() 

Net realized gain/(loss) from investments 

() 

NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED APPRECIATION/(DEPRECIATION) FROM INVESTMENTS: 

Control investments 

() 

Affiliate investments 

() 

() 

Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) from investments 

() 

() 

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE FORMATION COSTS 

() 

Costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and Legacy Funds 

() 

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME PER SHARE - BASIC 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME PER SHARE - DILUTED 

NET CHANGE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS PER SHARE - BASIC 

() 

() 

NET CHANGE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS PER SHARE - DILUTED (1) 

() 

() 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING - DILUTED 

(1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Distributable 

Paid In Capital 

Earnings / 

Common Stock 

in Excess of 

(Accumulated 

Total 

Shares 

Par Value 

Par Value 

Loss) 

Net Assets 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares related to Formation Transactions (1) 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan 

Distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

Equity component of convertible notes 

Tax reclassification 

() 

Net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Impact of adoption of ASU 2020-06 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan 

Issuance of common stock under ATM program, net of issuance costs 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of restricted stock awards 

() 

Retired shares for restricted stock vesting 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification 

() 

Net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Retired and forfeited shares of restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock repurchase and cancellation of shares 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification 

() 

Net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities: 

Net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operation to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: 

Purchase of investments, net of deferred fees 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) from investments, net of third party participation 

() 

Net realized gain/(loss) from investments 

() 

() 

Accretion of original issue discounts and end of term payments on investments 

() 

() 

() 

Costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and Legacy Funds 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)/Decrease in interest receivable 

() 

() 

() 

(Increase)/Decrease in receivable from sale of investments 

(Increase)/Decrease in other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Increase/(Decrease) in security deposits 

Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Increase/(Decrease) in due to related party 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by/(used in) investing activities: 

Formation Transactions of Legacy Funds, net of cash required 

() 

Acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings 

() 

Disposal/(Acquisition) of fixed assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by/(used in) financing activities 

Issuance of common stock 

Common stock issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Stock repurchase and cancellation of shares net of costs 

() 

Retirement of employee shares 

() 

() 

Cash distributions paid 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of debt 

Debt issuance cost paid 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings under Credit Facilities 

Repayments under Credit Facilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

91 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Supplemental and non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Cash paid for interest 

Shares issued to Trinity Capital Holdings 

Assumption of severance liability 

Shares issued to the Legacy Investors as part of the Formation Transactions 

Non-cash settlement of investments 

Accrued but unpaid distributions 

Distributions reinvested 

Income tax, including excise tax, paid 

Change to investments and net assets related to adoption of ASU 2020-06 

() 

Impact of recognizing the fair value of the conversion feature on the convertible debt 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities that sum to the total of the same such amounts on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Sch edule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Ambient Photonics, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Ambient Photonics, Inc. 

Rigetti Co, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Rigetti Co, Inc. 

Stratifyd, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Automation Internet of Things 

Connectivity (7) 

Vertical Communications, Inc. (21) 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

viaPhoton, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Connectivity 

Construction Technology (7) 

EquipmentShare, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total EquipmentShare, Inc. 

Sub-total: Construction Technology 

93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

Eterneva, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Eterneva, Inc. 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Fernished, Inc. 

Grandpad, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Grandpad, Inc. 

Happiest Baby, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Happiest Baby, Inc. 

Molekule, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Molekule, Inc. 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Quip NYC, Inc. 

Rinse, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

SI Tickets, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Super73, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Super73, Inc. 

UnTuckIt, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

VitaCup, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Consumer Products Services 

94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Digital Assets Technology and Services (7) 

Cleanspark, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Core Scientific, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing (18) 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing (18) 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing (18) 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing (18) 

; EOT 

Total Core Scientific, Inc. 

Sub-total: Digital Assets Technology and Services 

Education Technology (7) 

Medical Sales Training Holding Company 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Medical Sales Training Holding Company 

Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 

Sub-total: Education Technology 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

Bestow, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Bestow, Inc. 

Eqis Capital Management, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Openly Holdings Corp. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Petal Card, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan (12) 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Petal Card, Inc. 

Slope Tech, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (12)(14) 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

ZenDrive, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Finance and Insurance 

95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Athletic Brewing Company, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Athletic Brewing Company, LLC 

Bowery Farming, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate 

Daring Foods, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Daring Foods, Inc. 

DrinkPak, LLC 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Emergy, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Emergy, Inc. 

Miyoko's Kitchen 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Miyoko's Kitchen 

RoBotany, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing (14)(18) 

; EOT 

Sun Basket, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

The Fynder Group, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total The Fynder Group, Inc. 

Sub-total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Green Technology (7) 

Bolb, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Commonwealth Fusion Systems, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Commonwealth Fusion Systems, LLC 

Dandelion Energy, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Dandelion Energy, Inc. 

Electric Hydrogen Co. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Hi-Power, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Hi-Power, LLC 

SeaOn Global, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total SeaOn Global, LLC 

Edeniq, Inc. (21) 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Footprint International Holding, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Footprint International Holding, Inc. 

Mainspring Energy, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

RTS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate +PIK Interest Rate ; EOT (15) 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate +PIK Interest Rate ; EOT (15) 

Total RTS Holding, Inc. 

Sub-total: Green Technology 

97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Healthcare (7) 

Emerald Cloud Lab, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Dentologie Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Exer Holdings, LLC 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Exer Holdings, LLC 

FemTec Health, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (18) 

; EOT 

Secured Loan (18) 

(20) 
 
 .0 

Secured Loan (18) 

; EOT 

Total FemTec Health, Inc. (21) 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate or ceiling rate of ; EOT (8) 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate or ceiling rate of ; EOT (8) 

Total Lark Technologies, Inc. 

WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (14) 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Healthcare 

98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Human Resource Technology (7) 

Nomad Health, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Qwick, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Qwick, Inc. 

Sub-total: Human Resource Technology 

Industrials (7) 

3DEO, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total 3DEO, Inc. 

Sub-total: Industrials 

Life Sciences (7) 

Greenlight Biosciences Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Greenlight Biosciences Inc. 

Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 

Deerfield Imaging Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

RXAnte, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate 9. +PIK Fixed Interest Rate ; EOT (15) 

TMRW Life Sciences, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Life Sciences 

99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment (7) 

Drone Racing League, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Grabit Interactive Media, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

Variable interest rate Prime + or Floor rate ; EOT 

Incontext Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

PebblePost, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Vox Media Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Vox Media Holdings, Inc. 

Sub-total: Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

BlueGround US, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total BlueGround US, Inc. 

BoardRE, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Knockaway, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Knockaway, Inc. 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Orchard Technologies, Inc. 

Sub-total: Real Estate Technology 

100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Software as a Service SaaS (7) 

All Seated, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

BackBlaze, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total BackBlaze, Inc. 

Smartly, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Utility Associates, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (14) 

(15) 

The Tomorrow Companies, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: SaaS 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Hadrian Automation, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Hadrian Automation, Inc. 

Hermeus Corporation 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Hermeus Corporation 

Space Perspective, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Space Technology 

101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- United States, Continued 

Transportation Technology (7) 

NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 

Zuum Transportation, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Transportation Technology 

Total: Debt Securities- United States 

102 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities- Canada 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Invenia, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Invenia, Inc. (10) 

Sub-total: Automation Internet of Things 

Construction Technology (7) 

Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. (10) 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. 

Sub-total: Construction Technology 

Digital Assets Technology and Services (7) 

Hut 8 Holdings, Inc. (10) 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Sub-total: Digital Assets Technology and Services 

Supply Chain Technology (7) 

GoFor Industries, Inc. (10)(21) 
 
 Secured Loan (18) 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Supply Chain Technology 

Total: Debt Securities- Canada 

Debt Securities- Europe 

Industrials (7) 

Aledia, Inc. (10) 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Aledia, Inc. 

Sub-total: Industrials 

Space Technology (7) 

All.Space Networks, Limited. (10) 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Space Technology 

Total: Debt Securities- Europe 

Total: Debt Securities (19) 

103 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Ambient Photonics, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Everalbum, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Hologram, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Presto Automation, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Presto Automation, Inc. 

Stratifyd, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B-2 

Sub-Total: Automation Internet of Things 

Connectivity (7) 

Tarana Wireless, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Vertical Communications, Inc. (21) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

viaPhoton, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Connectivity (0.1 

Construction Technology (7) 

Project Frog, Inc. (21) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series AA-1 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Preferred Series CC 

Total Project Frog, Inc. 

Sub-total: Construction Technology 

104 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

BaubleBar, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Total BaubleBar, Inc. 

Boosted eCommerce, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Fernished, Inc. 

, 

Happiest Baby, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Madison Reed, Inc. 

Molekule, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Preferred Series 1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series 2 

Total Molekule, Inc. 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Portofino Labs, Inc. 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Rinse, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

SI Tickets, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Super73, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Trendly, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

VitaCup, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Sub-Total: Consumer Products Services 

105 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Education Technology (7) 

Medical Sales Training Holding Company 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Education Technology 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

DailyPay, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Dynamics, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Eqis Capital Management, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Class B 

Petal Card, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Petal Card, Inc. 

RealtyMogul, Co. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Slope Tech, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

ZenDrive, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Finance and Insurance 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Athletic Brewing Company, LLC 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Class B 

Bowery Farming, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Bowery Farming, Inc. 

Daring Foods, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

DrinkPak, LLC 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Emergy, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

GrubMarket, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

PSB Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total PSB Holdings, Inc. 

RoBotany, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

The Fynder Group, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Zero Acre Farms, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred 

Sub-Total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

106 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Green Technology (7) 

Bolb, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Edeniq, Inc. 
 
 Warrant (11)(14) 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant (11)(14) 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant (11)(14) 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant (11)(14) 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant (14) 

Preferred Series D 

Total Edeniq, Inc. (21) 

Footprint International Holding, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Footprint International Holding, Inc. 

Mainspring Energy, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Mainspring Energy, Inc. 

RTS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

Total RTS Holding, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Green Technology 

Healthcare (7) 

Dentologie Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Exer Holdings, LLC 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Hospitalists Now, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series D-2 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D-2 

Total Hospitalists Now, Inc. 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Lark Technologies, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Healthcare 

Human Resource Technology (7) 

BetterLeap, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Qwick, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Human Resource Technology 

107 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Industrials (7) 

3DEO, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total 3DEO, Inc. 

SBG Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Total SBG Labs, Inc. 

Sub-total: Industrials 

Life Sciences (7) 

Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Total Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 

RXAnte, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred A 

TMRW Life Sciences, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Class A 

Zosano Pharma Corporation 
 
 Warrant (9)(14) 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Life Sciences 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment (7) 

Drone Racing League, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Firefly Systems, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Grabit Interactive Media, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Incontext Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

PebblePost, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

108 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

Homelight, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Knockaway, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series X-1 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Knockaway, Inc. 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Real Estate Technology 

SaaS (7) 

All Seated, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Crowdtap, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Total Crowdtap, Inc. 

Gtxcel, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

Total Gtxcel, Inc. 

Lucidworks, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

Reciprocity, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Reciprocity, Inc. 

Resilinc, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Smartly, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Utility Associates, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Total Utility Associates, Inc. 

The Tomorrow Companies, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: SaaS 

109 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- United States, Continued 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Axiom Space, Inc. 

Hermeus Corporation 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Space Perspective, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Sub-Total: Space Technology 

Transportation Technology (7) 

NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Warrant 

Preferred Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Warrant 

Preferred Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Warrant 

Preferred Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Warrant 

Preferred Stock 

(13) 

Total NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Transportation Technology 

Total: Warrant Investments- United States 

110 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments- Canada 

Construction Technology (7) 

Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. (10) 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

(13) 

(13) 

Total Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Construction Technology 

Total: Warrant Investments- Canada 

Warrant Investments- Europe 

Industrials (7) 

Aledia, Inc. (10) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series D-3 

(13) 

(13) 

Sub-Total: Information 

Space Technology (7) 

All.Space Networks, Limited. (10) 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Space Technology 

Total: Warrant Investments- Europe 

Total: Warrant Investments- 

111 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Shares / Principal 

Series 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Equity Investments- United States 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Rigetti Co, Inc. 
 
 Equity (14) 

Common Stock 

Equity (14) 

Common Stock 

Total Rigetti Co, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Automation Internet of Things 

Connectivity (7) 

Tarana Wireless, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series 6 

Vertical Communications, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series 1 

Equity 

Convertible Note 

Total Vertical Communications, Inc. (21) 

Sub-Total: Connectivity 

Construction Technology (7) 

Project Frog, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series AA-1 

Equity 

Preferred Series BB 

Equity 

Common Stock 

Equity 

Preferred Series CC 

Total Project Frog, Inc. (21) 

Sub-Total: Construction Technology 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Sub-Total: Consumer Products Services 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

Dynamics, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series A 

Sub-Total: Finance and Insurance 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Emergy, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Pr vit Ventures, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

112 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Shares / Principal 

Series 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Equity Investments- United States, Continued 

Green Technology (7) 

Edeniq, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Equity 

Preferred Series C 

Equity 

Preferred Series D 

Total Edeniq, Inc. (21) 

Mainspring Energy, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series E-1 

RTS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D 

Sub-Total: Green Technology 

Healthcare (7) 

Emerald Cloud Lab, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series C 

FemTec, Inc. (21) 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D 

WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Equity 

Preferred Series P 

Equity 

Convertible Note 

Total WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. (21) 

Sub-Total: Healthcare (0.1 

Human Resource Technology (7) 

Nomad Health, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D-1 

Sub-Total: Human Resource Technology 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

Knockaway, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series Y 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Sub-Total: Real Estate Technology 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Convertible Note 

Hadrian Automation, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred A-4 

Sub-total: Space Technology 

Supply Chain Technology (7) 

3Q GoFor Holdings, LP (21) 
 
 Equity 

Preferred 

Sub-total: Supply Chain Technology 

Total: Equity Investments- United States 

Equity Investments- Canada 

Construction Technology (7) 

Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. (10) 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Construction Technology 

Total: Equity Investments- Canada 

Total: Equity Investments 

Total Investment in Securities 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Institutional Fund 

Other cash accounts 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Total Portfolio Investments and Cash and Cash Equivalents of total assets) 

(1) foreign domiciled portfolio companies, of which are based in Canada and of which are based in Europe. In total, these foreign domiciled portfolio investments represent of total net asset value based on fair value. The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

113 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 (2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) , the 1-month U.S. Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR was and SOFR 30 Day Forward Rate was 4.12 as of December 31, 2022 . 

(9) 

(10) of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2022 . Qualifying assets must represent at least of the Company s total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. Asset is not a U.S. entity. 

(11) cost basis as it was purchased at a fair value of as part of the Formation Transactions (as defined in Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation ). 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) 

(16) 

114 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 (17) 

(18) 

(19) 

(20) 

(21) Fair value as of December 31, 2022, along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in these control or affiliated investments are as follows: 

Net change in 

Unrealized 

Fair Value at 

Gross 

Gross 

Realized 

(Depreciation)/ 

Fair Value at 

Interest 

December 31, 2021 

Additions (1) 

Reductions (2) 

Gain/(Loss) 

Appreciation 

December 31, 2022 

Income 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Control Investments 

Edeniq, Inc. 

() 

3Q GoFor Holdings, LP 

() 

() 

() 

Project Frog, Inc. 

() 

() 

Vertical Communications, Inc. 

() 

WorkWell Prevention and Care Inc. 

() 

() 

Total Control Investments 

() 

() 

Affiliate Investments 

FemTec Health, Inc. 

() 

() 

Store Intelligence, Inc. 

() 

() 

Total Affiliate Investments 

() 

() 

() 

Total Control and Affiliate Investments 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Sch edule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Invenia, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Invenia, Inc. (10) 

Rigetti Co, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Rigetti Co, Inc. 

Stratifyd, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Automation Internet of Things 

Connectivity (7) 

Tarana Wireless, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Vertical Communications, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Sub-total: Connectivity 

Construction Technology (7) 

EquipmentShare, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total EquipmentShare, Inc. 

Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. (10) 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Project Frog, Inc. (22) 
 
 Secured Loan 

Sub-total: Construction Technology 

116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

Eterneva, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Grandpad, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Grandpad, Inc. 

Happiest Baby, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Happiest Baby, Inc. 

Molekule, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Molekule, Inc. 

BaubleBar, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Portofino Labs, Inc. 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Super73, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Super73, Inc. 

UnTuckIt, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

VitaCup, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Consumer Products Services 

117 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Digital Assets Technology and Services (7) 

Core Scientific, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Core Scientific, Inc. 

Hut 8 Holdings, Inc. (10) 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Sub-total: Digital Assets Technology and Services 

Education Technology (7) 

Medical Sales Training Holding Company 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Medical Sales Training Holding Company 

Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 5.0 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 

Sub-total: Education Technology 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

DailyPay, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total DailyPay, Inc. 

Petal Card, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan (12)(14) 

or Floor rate 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Petal Card, Inc. 

ZenDrive, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Finance and Insurance 

118 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Athletic Brewing Company, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Daring Foods, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Daring Foods, Inc. 

Emergy, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Emergy, Inc. 

Health-Ade, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Health-Ade, LLC 

Miyoko's Kitchen 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Miyoko's Kitchen 

Robotany, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

The Fynder Group, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Bowery Farming, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate 

Gobble, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Gobble Inc. 

Sun Basket, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

119 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Green Technology (7) 

Bolb, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Commonwealth Fusion Systems, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Commonwealth Fusion Systems, LLC 

Dandelion Energy, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Dandelion Energy, Inc. 

Footprint International Holding, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Footprint International Holding, Inc. 

Hi-Power, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

SeaOn Environmental, LLC 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Edeniq, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

Mainspring Energy, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total Mainspring Energy, Inc. 

RTS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Sub-total: Green Technology 

Healthcare (7) 

Emerald Cloud Lab, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Gobiquity, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Exer Holdings, LLC 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

FemTec Health, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Total FemTec Health, Inc. (22) 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Lark Technologies, Inc. 

WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

Total WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. (22) 

Sub-total: Healthcare 

120 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Human Resource Technology (7) 

Qwick, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Human Resource Technology 

Life Sciences (7) 

Greenlight Biosciences Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Greenlight Biosciences Inc. 

Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 

Zosano Pharma Corporation 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Zosano Pharma Corporation 

Sub-total: Life Sciences 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment(7) 

Firefly Systems, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Firefly Systems, Inc. 

Group Nine Media, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Incontext Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

; EOT 

PebblePost, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Smule, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (15) 

Store Intelligence, Inc. (22) 
 
 Secured Loan (18) 

; EOT 

Whip Networks, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Whip Networks, Inc. 

Sub-total: Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

121 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

Wanderjaunt, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total Wanderjaunt, Inc. 

BoardRE, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Knockaway, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Knockaway, Inc. 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Orchard Technologies, Inc. 

Sub-total: Real Estate Technology 

122 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate (4) 
 
 Principal Amount (5) 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Debt Securities, Continued 

SaaS (7) 

BackBlaze, Inc. 
 
 Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Equipment Financing 

; EOT 

Total BackBlaze, Inc. 

Reciprocity, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total Reciprocity, Inc. 

Utility Associates, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan (18) 

(20) 

Sub-total: SaaS 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Space Technology 

Transportation Technology (7) 

NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 12.0 

Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Total NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 

Zuum Transportation, Inc. 
 
 Secured Loan 

or Floor rate ; EOT 

Sub-total: Transportation Technology 

Total: Debt Securities (13) 

123 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments 

Automation Internet of Things (7) 

Presto Automation, Inc. (f/k/a E La Carte, Inc.) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Preferred Series AA-1 

Total Presto Automation, Inc. (f/k/a E La Carte, Inc.) 

Egomotion Corporation 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Total Egomotion Corporation 

Everalbum, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Hologram, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Rigetti Co, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Stratifyd, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B-2 

Sub-Total: Automation Internet of Things 

Connectivity (7) 

Tarana Wireless, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Vertical Communications, Inc. (22) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Sub-Total: Connectivity 

Construction Technology (7) 

Nexii Building Solutions, Inc. (10) 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

(21) 

(21) 

Project Frog, Inc. (22) 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series AA 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Preferred Series CC 

Total Project Frog, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Construction Technology 

124 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments, Continued 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

BaubleBar, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Total BaubleBar, Inc. 

Boosted eCommerce, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Happiest Baby, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Madison Reed, Inc. 

Molekule, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C-1 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Portofino Labs, Inc. 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Super73, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Trendly, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

VitaCup, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Sub-Total: Consumer Products Services 

Education Technology (7) 

Medical Sales Training Holding Company 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Yellowbrick Learning, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Education Technology 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

Continuity, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

DailyPay, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Dynamics, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Petal Card, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Petal Card, Inc. 

RealtyMogul, Co. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

ZenDrive, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Finance and Insurance 

125 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments, Continued 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Bowery Farming, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Bowery Farming, Inc. 

Daring Foods, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Gobble, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Gobble, Inc. 

GrubMarket, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Robotany, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

PSB Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Sun Basket, Inc) 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total PSB Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Sun Basket, Inc) 

The Fynder Group, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

Green Technology (7) 

Bolb, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Edeniq, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

Total Edeniq, Inc. (22) 

Footprint International Holding, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Mainspring Energy, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Mainspring Energy, Inc. 

RTS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Sub-Total: Green Technology 

Healthcare (7) 

Exer Holdings, LLC 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

(21) 

Hospitalists Now, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series D-2 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D-2 

Total Hospitalists Now, Inc. 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Lark Technologies, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Healthcare 

126 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments, Continued 

Human Resource Technology (7) 

Qwick, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Human Resource Technology 

Industrials (7) 

SBG Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A-1 

Total SBG Labs, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Industrials 

Industrials, Continued (7) 

Life Sciences (7) 

Greenlight Biosciences Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Total Pendulum Therapeutics, Inc. 

Zosano Pharma Corporation 
 
 Warrant (9) 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Life Sciences 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment (7) 

Figg, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Firefly Systems, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Incontext Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

PebblePost, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

BoardRE, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Knockaway, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

(21) 

(21) 

Total Knockaway, Inc. 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Real Estate Technology 

127 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Series 
 
 Shares 

Strike Price 

Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Warrant Investments, Continued 

SaaS (7) 

Crowdtap, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Warrant 

Preferred Series B 

Total Crowdtap, Inc. 

Gtxcel, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C 

Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

Total Gtxcel, Inc. 

Lucidworks, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series D 

RapidMiner, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series C-1 

Reciprocity, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Reciprocity, Inc. 

Resilinc, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Utility Associates, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

Total Utility Associates, Inc. 

Sub-Total: SaaS 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Common Stock 

Warrant 

Common Stock 

Total Axiom Space, Inc. 

Sub-Total: Space Technology 

Transportation Technology (7) 

NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 
 Warrant 

Preferred Series A 

(21) 

(21) 

Sub-Total: Transportation Technology 

Total: Warrant Investments (13) 

128 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Shares / Principal 

Series 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Equity Investments 

Connectivity (7) 

Vertical Communications, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series 1 

Equity 

Convertible Note 

Total Vertical Communications, Inc. (22) 

Sub-Total: Connectivity 

Construction Technology (7) 

Project Frog, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series AA-1 

Equity 

Preferred Series BB 

Equity 

Common Stock 

Equity 

Preferred Series CC 

Total Project Frog, Inc. (22) 

Sub-Total: Construction Technology 

Consumer Products Services (7) 

Fernished, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Portofino Labs, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Quip NYC, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B-1 

Sub-Total: Consumer Products Services 

Finance and Insurance (7) 

Dynamics, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series A 

Sub-Total: Finance and Insurance 

Food and Agriculture Technologies (7) 

Emergy, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Sub-Total: Food and Agriculture Technologies 

Green Technology (7) 

Edeniq, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Equity 

Preferred Series C 

Equity 

Preferred Series D 

Total Edeniq, Inc. (22) 

Lucid Motors, Inc. 
 
 Equity (9) 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: Green Technology 

129 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Type of Investment (2) 
 
 Investment Date (3) 
 
 Shares / Principal 

Series 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value (6) 

Equity Investments, Continued 

Healthcare (7) 

FemTec, Inc. (22) 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Lark Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D 

WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 

Equity 

Preferred Series P 

Equity 

Convertible Note 

Total WorkWell Prevention Care Inc. (22) 

Sub-Total: Healthcare 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment (7) 

Store Intelligence, Inc. (22) 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series A 

Sub-Total: Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

Real Estate Technology (7) 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D 

Maxwell Financial Labs, Inc 
 
 Equity 

Preferred Series B 

Sub-Total: Real Estate Technology 

SaaS (7) 

Matterport, Inc. 
 
 Equity (9) 

Common Stock 

Sub-Total: SaaS 

Space Technology (7) 

Axiom Space, Inc. 
 
 Equity 

Convertible Note 

Sub-Total: Space Technology 

Total: Equity Investments (13) 

Total Investment in Securities 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Institutional Fund 

Other cash accounts 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Total Portfolio Investments and Cash and Cash Equivalents of net assets) 

(1) foreign domiciled portfolio companies, which are based in Canada and, in total, represent of total net asset value based on fair value. The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

130 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (8) and the 1-month U.S. Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR was as of December 31, 2021. 

(9) 

(10) of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2021. Qualifying assets must represent at least of the Company s total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. Asset is not a U.S. entity. Hut 8 Holdings, Inc., Invenia, Inc. and Nexii, Inc. are Canadian corporations. 

(11) cost basis as it was purchased at a fair market value of as part of the Formation Transactions. 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) 

(16) 

(17) 

(18) 

(19) 

(20) 

(21) 

131 
 
 Table of Contents 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (22) Fair value as of December 31, 2021, along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021, in these control or affiliated investments are as follows: 

Net change in 

Unrealized 

Fair Value at 

Gross 

Gross 

Realized 

(Depreciation)/ 

Fair Value at 

Interest 

December 31, 2020 

Additions (1) 

Reductions (2) 

Gain/(Loss) 

Appreciation 

December 31, 2021 

Income 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Control Investments 

Birchbox, Inc. 

() 

() 

Edeniq, Inc. 

() 

Project Frog, Inc. 

() 

() 

Vertical Communications, Inc. 

() 

() 

WorkWell Prevention and Care Inc. 

() 

Total Control Investments 

() 

() 

Affiliate Investments 

FemTec Health, Inc. 

() 

() 

Ology Bioservices, Inc. 

() 

() 

Store Intelligence, Inc. 

() 

() 

Total Affiliate Investments 

() 

() 

Total Control and Affiliate Investments 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

132 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 
 NOTES TO CO NSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 shares of its common stock for to its sole stockholder. On January 16, 2020, Trinity Capital completed a series of transactions, including a private equity offering, a private debt offering, and the acquisition of Trinity Capital Investment, LLC, Trinity Capital Fund II, L.P. Fund II ), Trinity Capital Fund III, L.P., Trinity Capital Fund IV, L.P., and Trinity Sidecar Income Fund, L.P. (collectively the Legacy Funds through mergers of the Legacy Funds with and into Trinity Capital as well as Trinity Capital s acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings, LLC Trinity Capital Holdings (collectively, the Formation Transactions ). Trinity Capital s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on January 29, 2021, under the symbol TRIN in connection with its initial public offering of shares of its common stock IPO ). Basis of Presentation The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP for financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Articles 6, 10 and 12 of Regulation S-X. As an investment company, the Company follows accounting and reporting guidance determined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), in Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ). Formation Transactions The Formation Transactions were accounted for as a business combination in accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), and as a result the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed were recorded at fair values as of January 16, 2020. Transaction costs related to the acquisition of a business are expensed as incurred and excluded from the fair value of the consideration transferred. On January 16, 2020, Trinity Capital completed a private offering of shares of its common stock (the Private Common Stock Offering pursuant to which it issued and sold shares of its common stock for total aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, inclusive of an over-allotment option that was exercised in full on January 29, 2020. Concurrent with the initial closing of the Private Common Stock Offering, the Company completed a private debt offering (the 144A Note Offering and together with the Private Common Stock Offering, the Private Offerings ), pursuant to which it issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of the Company s unsecured Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), inclusive of the over-allotment option that was exercised in full on January 29, 2020. Immediately following the consummation of the Private Offerings, the Company acquired the Legacy Funds and all of their respective assets, including their respective investment portfolios (the Legacy Portfolio ), as well as Trinity Capital Holdings, through the Formation Transactions. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Offerings was used to complete these transactions. In the Formation Transactions, the Legacy Funds were merged with and into Trinity Capital, and Trinity Capital issued shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of approximately million and paid approximately million in cash to the Legacy Funds investors, which included the general partners and managers of the Legacy Funds (the Legacy Investors ), to acquire the Legacy Funds and all of their respective assets, including the Legacy Portfolio. As part of the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital also acquired of the equity interests of Trinity Capital Holdings for an aggregate purchase price of million, which was comprised of shares of its common stock, totaling approximately million, and approximately million in cash. In connection with the acquisition of such equity interests, Trinity Capital also assumed a million severance related liability with respect to a former member of certain general partners of certain Legacy Funds. As a result of the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital Holdings became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The total merger consideration of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds of approximately million exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired as of the acquisition date, and as a result, the Company included a loss of approximately million in Costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2020, upon filing the final tax returns for the Legacy Funds, the Company reversed approximately million of accrued liabilities assumed related to expected tax expense of the Legacy Funds. Approximately million (consisting of the aggregate purchase price and severance related liability assumed) was expensed to costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Principles of Consolidation Under ASC 946, the Company is precluded from consolidating portfolio company investments, including those in which it has a controlling interest, unless the portfolio company is another investment company. An exception to this general principle occurs if the Company holds a controlling interest in an operating company that provides all or substantially all of its services directly to the Company or to its portfolio companies. None of the portfolio investments made by the Company qualify for this exception. Therefore, the Company s investment portfolio is carried on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities at fair value, as discussed further in Note 3 - Investments, with any adjustments to fair value recognized as Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) from investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s consolidated operations include the activities of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Trinity Funding 1, LLC TF1 ), and TrinCap Funding, LLC TCF ). TF1 was formed on August 14, 2019, as a Delaware limited liability company with Fund II as its sole equity member. On January 16, 2020, in connection with the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital acquired TF1 through Fund II and became a party to, and assumed, a million credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG (the Credit Suisse Credit Facility through TF1 which matured on January 8, 2022 in accordance with its terms. TCF was formed on August 5, 2021, as a Delaware limited liability company with Trinity Capital as its sole equity member for purposes of securing lending in conjunction with a million credit agreement, as amended, with KeyBank National Association KeyBank (such credit facility, the KeyBank Credit Facility ). TF1 and TCF are special purpose bankruptcy-remote entities and are separate legal entities from Trinity Capital. Any assets conveyed to TF1 or TCF are not available to creditors of the Company or any other entity other than TF1's or TCF s respective lenders. TF1 and TCF are consolidated for financial reporting purposes and in accordance with GAAP, and the portfolio investments held by these subsidiaries, if any, are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and recorded at fair value. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. As part of the Formation Transactions, Trinity Capital acquired of the equity interests of Trinity Capital Holdings. There has been no activity in Trinity Capital Holdings since acquisition. In accordance with Rule 10 01(b)(1) of Regulation S-X, as amended, the Company must determine which of its unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies, if any, are considered significant subsidiaries. In evaluating these unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies, there are two significance tests utilized per Rule 1 02(w) of Regulation S-X to determine if any of the Company s Control Investments (as defined in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies are considered significant subsidiaries: the investment test and the income test. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no single investment that met either of these two tests. i40, LLC On December 5, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with certain funds and accounts managed by a specialty credit manager (collectively, the JV Partner to co-manage a newly formed joint venture named i40, LLC (the JV ). The JV will invest in secured loans and equipment financings to growth-stage companies that have been originated by the Company. The Company and the JV Partner have committed to initially contribute million and million, respectively, of capital in the form of notes and common equity to the JV. The JV is capitalized as investment transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other actions in respect of the JV must be approved by a board of managers of the JV consisting of an equal number of representatives of the Company and the JV Partner. Capital contributions are called from each JV member on a pro-rata basis based on their total capital commitments, with of each such capital contribution invested in the JV s notes and the remaining invested in the JV s common equity. The JV is intended to allow the Company to participate in larger venture capital-backed growth stage company investment transactions and maintain a diversified investment portfolio. To achieve these goals, the Company has agreed to offer the JV the opportunity to purchase up to in dollar amount, but not less than in dollar amount, of the entire amount of each secured loan and equipment financing advance originated by the Company during the period commencing on September 1, 2022 and ending on June 5, 2026. The JV is required to pay the Company a fee equal to basis points of the total principal amount of each loan or equipment financing advance acquired by the JV from the Company, with of the fee for each such particular loan or advance payable by the JV to the Company within business days of the date of such acquisition or advance and the remaining payable in equal monthly installments over 24 months following the date of such acquisition or advance. In addition, the JV shall pay the Company an administrative agent fee equal to basis points of the daily average aggregate value of the Company's outstanding loans and equipment financings. As of December 31, 2022, the JV had not called any capital from its members or made any investments. 

, based on fair value, of the Company s investments in these portfolio companies are considered Level 3 assets under ASC 820 because there is known or accessible market or market indexes for these investment securities to be traded or exchanged. Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the beginning of the period in which the transfers occur. The Company uses an internally developed portfolio investment rating system in connection with its investment oversight, portfolio management and analysis, and investment valuation procedures. This system takes into account both quantitative and qualitative factors of the portfolio companies. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. Debt Securities The debt securities identified on the Consolidated Schedule of Investments are secured loans and equipment financings made to growth-stage companies. For portfolio investments in debt securities for which the Company has determined that third-party quotes or other independent pricing are not available, the Company generally estimates the fair value based on the assumptions that hypothetical market participants would use to value the investment in a current hypothetical sale using an income approach. In its application of the income approach to determine the fair value of debt securities, the Company bases its assessment of fair value on projections of the discounted future free cash flows that the security will likely generate, including analyzing the discounted cash flows of interest and principal amounts for the security, as set forth in the associated loan and equipment financing agreements, as well as market yields and the financial position and credit risk of the portfolio company (the Hypothetical Market Yield Method ). The discount rate applied to the future cash flows of the security is based on the calibrated yield implied by the terms of the Company s investment adjusted for changes in market yields and performance of the subject company. The Company s estimate of the expected repayment date of its loans and equipment financings securities is either the maturity date of the instrument or the anticipated pre-payment date, depending on the facts and circumstances. The Hypothetical Market Yield Method also considers changes in leverage levels, credit quality, portfolio company performance, market yield movements, and other factors. If there is deterioration in credit quality or if a security is in workout status, the Company may consider other factors in determining the fair value of the security, including, but not limited to, the value attributable to the security from the enterprise value of the portfolio company or the proceeds that would most likely be received in a liquidation analysis. Equity Securities and Warrants Often the Company is issued warrants by issuers as yield enhancements. These warrants are recorded as assets at estimated fair value on the grant date. The Company determines the cost basis of the warrants or other equity securities received based upon their respective fair values on the date of receipt in proportion to the total fair value of the debt and warrants or other equity securities received. Depending on the facts and circumstances, the Company generally utilizes a combination of one or several forms of the market approach and contingent claim analyses (a form of option analysis) to estimate the fair value of the securities as of the measurement date and determines the cost basis using a relative fair value methodology. As part of its application of the market approach, the Company estimates the enterprise value of a portfolio company utilizing customary pricing multiples, based on the development stage of the underlying issuers, or other appropriate valuation methods, such as considering recent transactions in the equity securities of the portfolio company or third-party valuations that are assessed to be indicative of fair value of the respective portfolio company. If appropriate, based on the facts and circumstances, the Company performs an allocation of the enterprise value to the equity securities utilizing a contingent claim analysis and/or other waterfall calculation by which it allocates the enterprise value across the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another. Fair value estimates are made at discrete points in time based on relevant information. These estimates may be subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, consisting of cash, investments, receivables, payables, and other liabilities, approximate the fair values of such items due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Refer to Note 4 Fair Value of Financial Instruments for further discussion.) liquid investments in money market deposit accounts. Cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 assets and are valued using the net asset value NAV per share of the money market fund. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, is held in the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Institutional Fund. Cash held in demand deposit accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured limit and therefore is subject to credit risk. All of the Company s cash deposits are held at large, established, high credit quality financial institutions, and management believes that the risk of loss associated with any uninsured balances is remote. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company did t have any restricted cash. As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash consisted of approximately million related to the Credit Suisse Credit Facility covenants (See Note 5 Borrowings ). In conjunction with the maturity of the Credit Suisse Credit Facility on January 8, 2022, the restrictions on the Company's cash thereunder expired. 
 and may accrue interest during the escrow period. Escrow balances are measured for collectability on at least a quarterly basis and fair value is determined based on the amount of the estimated recoverable balances and the contractual maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were no material past due escrow receivables. The escrow receivable balance as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 totaled and million, respectively, and was measured at fair value and held in accordance with ASC 820. 

EOT fee. EOT fees to be paid at the termination of the debt agreements are accreted into interest income over the contractual life of the debt based on the effective yield method. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the EOT payments receivable of approximately million and million, respectively, is included as a component of the cost basis of the Company s current debt securities. When a portfolio company pre-pays their indebtedness prior to the scheduled maturity date, the acceleration of the unaccreted OID and EOT fees is recognized as interest income. The Company has a limited number of debt investments in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK provision. Contractual PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on an accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company will generally cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or management does not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. The Company recorded million in PIK interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022 , and million in PIK interest income during the year ended December 31, 2021. Income related to application or origination payments, including facility commitment fees, net of related expenses and generally collected in advance, are amortized into interest income over the contractual life of the loan. The Company recognizes nonrecurring fees and additional OID and EOT fees received in consideration for contract modifications commencing in the quarter relating to the specific modification. Fee Income The Company recognizes one-time fee income, including, but not limited to, structuring fees, prepayment penalties, and exit fees related to a change in ownership of the portfolio company, as other income when earned. These fees are generally earned when the portfolio company enters into an equipment financing arrangement or pays off their outstanding indebtedness prior to the scheduled maturity. Non-Accrual Policy When a debt security becomes or more past due, or if management otherwise does not expect that principal, interest, and other obligations due will be collected in full, the Company will generally place the debt security on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on that debt security until all principal and interest due has been paid or the Company believes the borrower has demonstrated the ability to repay its current and future contractual obligations. Any uncollected interest is reversed from income in the period that collection of the interest receivable is determined to be doubtful. However, the Company may make exceptions to this policy if the investment has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of December 31, 2022 , loans to portfolio companies and equipment financings to portfolio companies were on non-accrual status, with a total cost of approximately million, and a total fair value of approximately million, or of the fair value of the Company s debt investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2021 , loans to portfolio companies were on non-accrual status with a total cost of approximately million, and a total fair value of approximately million, or , of the fair value of the Company s debt investment portfolio. Net Realized Gains / (Losses) Realized gains / (losses) are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the sale or redemption of an investment or a financial instrument and the cost basis of the investment or financial instrument, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments written off during the period net of recoveries and realized gains or losses from in-kind redemptions. Net proceeds exclude any prepayment penalties, exit fees, and OID and EOT acceleration. Prepayment penalties and exit fees received at the time of sale or redemption are included in fee income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. OID and EOT acceleration is included in interest income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net Unrealized Appreciation / (Depreciation) Net change in unrealized appreciation / (depreciation) reflects the net change in the fair value of the investment portfolio and financial instruments and the reclassification of any prior period unrealized appreciation or depreciation on exited investments and financial instruments to realized gains or losses. 
 
 Convertible Notes due 2025 (the Convertible Notes ). 
 of its investment company taxable income (which generally includes its net ordinary taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses) and of its net tax-exempt income (if any). The Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on these distributed amounts but will pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any retained amounts. The Company evaluates tax positions taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 , as modified by ASC 946. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold, or uncertain tax positions, would be recorded as tax expense in the current year. It is the Company s policy to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company has material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. All the Company s tax returns remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and state tax authorities. Based on federal excise distribution requirements applicable to RICs, the Company will be subject to a nondeductible federal excise tax on undistributed taxable income and gains unless the Company distributes in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) of its ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) of capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income or gain realized, but not distributed, in the preceding years. For this purpose, however, any ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by the Company and on which the Company paid corporate income tax is considered to have been distributed. The Company, at its discretion, may determine to carry forward taxable income or gain and pay a excise tax on the amount by which it falls short of this calendar-year distribution requirement. If the Company chooses to do so, this generally will increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income and gain as required on an annual basis. 

s from the original investment date. Certain of the debt securities are covenant-lite loans, which generally are loans that do not have a complete set of financial maintenance covenants and have covenants that are incurrence-based, meaning they are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition. The equipment financings in the investment portfolio generally have fixed interest rates. The loans in the investment portfolio generally have fixed interest rates or floating interest rates subject to interest rate floors. Both equipment financings and loans generally include an EOT payment. The specific terms of each debt security vary depending on the creditworthiness of the portfolio company and the projected value of the financed assets. Companies with stronger creditworthiness may receive an initial period of lower financing factor, which is analogous to an interest-only period on a traditional term loan. Equipment financings may include upfront interim payments and security deposits. Equipment financing arrangements have various structural protections, including customary default penalties, information and reporting rights, material adverse change or investor abandonment provisions, consent rights for any additions or changes to senior debt, and, as needed, intercreditor agreements with cross-default provisions to protect the Company s second lien positions. Warrant Investments In connection with the Company s debt investments, the Company may receive warrants in the portfolio company. Warrants received in connection with a debt investment typically include a potentially discounted contract price to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, the Company may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. The warrants typically contain provisions that protect the Company as a minority-interest holder, as well as secured or unsecured put rights, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In certain cases, the Company may also obtain follow-up rights in connection with these equity interests, which allow the Company to participate in future financing rounds. Equity Investments In specific circumstances, the Company may seek to make direct equity investments in situations where it is appropriate to align the interests of the Company with key management and stockholders of the portfolio company, and to allow for participation in the appreciation in the equity values of the portfolio company. These equity investments are generally made in connection with debt investments. The Company seeks to maintain fully diluted equity positions in the portfolio companies of to and may have controlling equity interests in some instances. Portfolio Composition The Company s portfolio investments are in companies conducting business in a variety of industries. Industry classifications have been updated to a preferred presentation and the prior year has been amended to conform with the new preferred presentation. 

Finance and Insurance 

Food and Agriculture Technologies 

Real Estate Technology 

Space Technology 

Life Sciences 

Consumer Products Services 

Marketing, Media, and Entertainment 

Healthcare 

Automation Internet of Things 

Digital Assets Technology and Services 

Human Resource Technology 

Connectivity 

Transportation Technology 

SaaS 

Industrials 

Construction Technology 

Education Technology 

Supply Chain Technology 

Total 

The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company. 

Northeast 

Mountain 

South 

Midwest 

Southeast 

International: 

Canada 

Western Europe 

Total 

Equipment Financing 

Warrants 

Equity 

Total 

Certain Risk Factors In the ordinary course of business, the Company manages a variety of risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company identifies, measures and monitors risk through various control mechanisms, including trading limits and diversifying exposures and activities across a variety of instruments, markets and counterparties. Market risk is the risk of potential adverse changes to the value of financial instruments because of changes in market conditions, including as a result of changes in the credit quality of a particular issuer, credit spreads, interest rates, and other movements and volatility in security prices or commodities. In particular, the Company may invest in issuers that are experiencing or have experienced financial or business difficulties (including difficulties resulting from the initiation or prospect of significant litigation or bankruptcy proceedings), which involves significant risks. The Company manages its exposure to market risk through the use of risk management strategies and various analytical monitoring techniques. The Company s investments are generally comprised of securities and other financial instruments or obligations that are illiquid or thinly traded, making purchase or sale of such securities and financial instruments at desired prices or in desired quantities difficult. Furthermore, the sale of any such investments may be possible only at substantial discounts, and it may be extremely difficult to value any such investments accurately. The Company s investments consist of growth-stage companies, many of which have relatively limited operating histories and may experience variation in operating results. Many of these companies conduct business in regulated industries and could be affected by changes in government regulations. Most of the Company s borrowers will need additional capital to satisfy their continuing working capital needs and other requirements, and in many instances, to service the interest and principal payments on the debt. 

 The use of significant unobservable inputs creates uncertainty in the measurement of fair value as of the reporting date. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s investments, are (i) earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA and revenue multiples (both projected and historic), and (ii) volatility assumptions. Significant increases (decreases) in EBITDA and revenue multiple inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. Similarly, significant increases (decreases) in volatility inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value assessment. Conversely, significant increases (decreases) in weighted average cost of capital inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. However, due to the nature of certain investments, fair value measurements may be based on other criteria, such as third-party appraisals of collateral and fair values as determined by independent third parties, which are not presented in the tables below. 

Equipment Financings 

Warrants 

Equity 

Total Investments at fair value 

Escrow Receivable (1) 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Total 

(1) Escrow receivable is included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

 The Company s assets measured at fair value by investment type on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

Quoted Prices 

Significant 

in Active 

Other 

Significant 

Markets for 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Identical Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

Assets 
 
 (Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Secured Loans 

Equipment Financings 

Equity 

Warrants 

Total Investments at fair value 

Escrow Receivable (1) 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Total 

(1) 

 The methodology for determining the fair value of the Company s investments is discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s escrow receivables is the amount recoverable at the contractual maturity date of the escrow receivable. 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Hypothetical Market Yield 
 
 - 

Originated within the past three months 
 
 Origination Market Yield 
 
 - 

Transactions Precedent (6) 
 
 Transaction Price 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Scenario Analysis 
 
 Probability Weighting of Alternative Outcomes 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 

Equity investments 

Market Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple Only (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Revenue Multiple (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Volatility (5) 
 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 - 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 - 

Other 
 
 Probability Weighting of Alternative Outcomes 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 

Warrants 

Market Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple Only (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Revenue Multiple (3) 
 
 x - 8.5x 

x 

Company Specific Adjustment (4) 
 
 - 

Volatility (5) 
 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 - 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 - 

Black Scholes Option Pricing Model 
 
 Volatility (5) 
 
 n/a 

Discount for Lack of Marketability (8) 
 
 n/a 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 n/a 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 n/a 

Total Level 3 Investments 

(1) The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities are hypothetical market yields and premiums/(discounts). The hypothetical market yield is defined as the exit price of an investment in a hypothetical market to hypothetical market participants where buyers and sellers are willing participants. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity and warrant securities are revenue multiples and portfolio company specific adjustment factors. Additional inputs used in the option pricing model OPM include industry volatility, risk free interest rate and estimated time to exit. Significant increases (decreases) in the inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement, depending on the materiality of the investment. For some investments, additional consideration may be given to data from the last round of financing or merger or acquisition events near the measurement date. 

 (2) Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair value of each investment. 

 (3) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined that market participants would use such multiples when pricing the investments. 

 (4) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined market participants would take into account these discounts when pricing the investments. 

 (5) Represents the range of industry volatility used by market participants when pricing the investment. 

 (6) Represents investments where there is an observable transaction or pending event for the investment. 

 (7) The fair value of these investments is derived based on recent private market and merger and acquisition transaction prices. 

 (8) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined market participants would take into account these discounts when pricing the investments. 

 The following table provides a summary of the significant unobservable inputs used to fair value the Level 3 portfolio investments as of December 31, 2021. 

Fair Value as of 

December 31, 2021 

Valuation Techniques/ 
 
 Unobservable 

Weighted 

Investment Type 
 
 (in thousands) 

Methodologies 
 
 Inputs (1) 
 
 Range 
 
 Average (2) 

Debt investments 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Hypothetical Market Yield 
 
 - 

Originated within the past three months 
 
 Origination Market Yield 
 
 - 

Transactions Precedent (6) 
 
 Transaction Price 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Liquidation Scenario 
 
 Probability Weighting of Alternative Outcomes 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 

Equity investments 

Market Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple Only (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Revenue Multiple (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Volatility (5) 
 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 - 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 - 

Discount for Lack of Marketability (8) 
 
 - 

Transactions Precedent (6) 
 
 Transaction Price 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Warrants 

Market Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 
 x - x 

x 

Company Specific Adjustment (4) 
 
 - 

Volatility (5) 
 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 - 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 - 

Black Scholes Option Pricing Model 
 
 Volatility (5) 
 
 - 

Discount for Lack of Marketability 
 
 - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 - 

Estimated Time to Exit (in years) 
 
 - 

Transactions Precedent (6) 
 
 Transaction Price 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Other 
 
 Probability Weighting of Alternative Outcomes 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 

Total Level 3 Investments 

(1) The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities are hypothetical market yields and premiums/(discounts). The hypothetical market yield is defined as the exit price of an investment in a hypothetical market to hypothetical market participants where buyers and sellers are willing participants. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity and warrant securities are revenue multiples and portfolio company specific adjustment factors. Additional inputs used in the option pricing model OPM include industry volatility, risk free interest rate and estimated time to exit. Significant increases (decreases) in the inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement, depending on the materiality of the investment. For some investments, additional consideration may be given to data from the last round of financing or merger or acquisition events near the measurement date. 

 (2) Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair value of each investment. 

 (3) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined that market participants would use such multiples when pricing the investments. 

 (4) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined market participants would take into account these discounts when pricing the investments. 

 (5) Represents the range of industry volatility used by market participants when pricing the investment. 

(6) 

 (7) The fair value of these investments is derived based on recent private market and merger and acquisition transaction prices. 

 (8) Represents amounts used when the Company has determined market participants would take into account these discounts when pricing the investments. 

Purchases, net of deferred fees 

Non-cash conversion (2) 

() 

() 

Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of OID, EOT, and PIK payments 

Net realized gain/(loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily related to the exercise of warrants held in one portfolio company and the corresponding company's public offering transactions during the period. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , there were transfers into Level 3. 

 (2) The non-cash conversion includes non-cash restructuring resulting in an increase in cost basis or the recognition of PIK interest income. 

 The following table provides a summary of changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 debt, including loans and equipment financings (collectively Debt ), equity, and warrant portfolio investments for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Type of Investment 

Debt 

Equity 

Warrants 

Escrow Receivable 

Total 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 

Purchases, net of deferred fees (1) 

Non-cash conversion (2) 

Transfers out of Level 3 (3) 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of OID and EOT payments 

Net realized gain/(loss) 

Third party participation (4) 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 

() 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

(1) Escrow receivable purchases may include additions due to proceeds held in escrow from the liquidation of level 3 investments. 

 (2) The non-cash conversion includes non-cash restructuring resulting in an increase in cost basis or the recognition of PIK interest income. 

 (3) Transfers out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to the exercise of warrants held in four portfolio companies to equity investments during the period, and the corresponding company s public offering transaction. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were transfers into Level 3. 

 (4) Certain third parties had rights to shares of Ology Bioservices common stock at a fair value of approximately million as of December 31, 2020. The activity related to these shares and the related liability is recorded against unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Carried at Cost As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying value of the KeyBank Credit Facility was approximately million and million, respectively. The carrying value of the KeyBank Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 approximates the fair value, which was estimated using a market yield approach with Level 3 inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the carrying value of the Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes was approximately million and million, respectively, net of unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. The 2025 Notes have a fixed interest rate as discussed in Note 5 Borrowings. The fair value of the 2025 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million based on the market closing price of these notes, which trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TRINL . The fair value of the 2025 Notes as of December 31, 2021 was approximately million, which was estimated using a relative market yield approach with Level 3 inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes was approximately million and million, respectively, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and discount of million and million, respectively. The Convertible Notes have a fixed interest rate of as discussed in Note 5 Borrowings. The fair value of the Company s Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively, which was estimated using a relative market yield approach with Level 3 inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the carrying value of the Company s Notes due 2026 (the August 2026 Notes was approximately million and million, respectively, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and discount of million and million, respectively. The August 2026 Notes have a fixed interest rate as discussed in Note 5 Borrowings. The fair value of the Company s August 2026 Notes as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 , was approximately million and million, respectively, which was estimated using a relative market yield approach with Level 3 inputs. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 , the carrying value of the Company s Notes due 2026 (the December 2026 Notes was approximately million, and million, respectively, net of unamortized deferred financing fees of million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Company s December 2026 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million, which was estimated using a relative market yield approach with Level 3 inputs. The fair value of the Company s December 2026 Notes as of December 31, 2021 was approximately million, which was based on the recent funding. 

 million under the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. On January 16, 2020, in connection with the Formation Transactions, through its wholly owned subsidiary, TF1, the Company became a party to, and assumed, the credit facility with Credit Suisse. Borrowings under the Credit Suisse Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of the LIBOR plus . The Credit Suisse Credit Facility was collateralized by all investments held by TF1 and permitted an advance rate of up to of eligible investments. The Company had the ability to borrow up to an aggregate of million, and the Credit Suisse Credit Facility borrowing base contained certain criteria for eligible investments and includes concentration limits as defined in the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2021 the Company had million in borrowings outstanding under the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2021 the Company had a borrowing availability of approximately million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed million and made repayments of million under the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. The Company incurred approximately million of financing costs in connection with the Credit Suisse Credit Facility that were capitalized and deferred using the straight-line method over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 2021, there were no unamortized deferred financing costs related to the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. On January 8, 2022, the Credit Suisse Credit Facility matured in accordance with its terms, and all outstanding indebtedness thereunder was repaid. Additionally, in conjunction with the maturity of the Credit Suisse Credit Facility on January 8, 2022, the restrictions on our cash thereunder expired. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

- 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

- 

Weighted average outstanding balance 

KeyBank Credit Facility On October 27, 2021, TCF, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as borrower, and the Company, as servicer, entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the KeyBank Credit Agreement with the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, KeyBank, as administrative agent and syndication agent, and Wells Fargo, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent. The KeyBank Credit Facility includes a commitment of million from KeyBank and other banks and allows the Company, through TCF, to borrow up to million. Borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR plus , subject to the number of eligible loans in the collateral pool. The KeyBank Credit Facility provides for a variable advance rate of up to on eligible term loans and up to on eligible equipment finance loans. The KeyBank Credit Facility includes a revolving period and a amortization period and matures on , unless extended. Such credit facility is collateralized by all investment assets held by TCF. The KeyBank Credit Agreement contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants customary for secured financings of this type, including certain financial covenants such as a consolidated tangible net worth requirement and a required asset coverage ratio. The KeyBank Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default (subject to certain grace periods, as applicable), including but not limited to the nonpayment of principal, interest or fees; breach of covenants; inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect; voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings; and change of control of the borrower without the prior written consent of KeyBank. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company borrowed million and made repayments of million under the KeyBank Credit Facility. The Company incurred approximately million of financing costs in connection with the KeyBank Credit Facility that were capitalized and deferred using the straight-line method over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 , unamortized deferred financing costs related to the KeyBank Credit Facility were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had a borrowing availability of approximately million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

Weighted average outstanding balance 

2025 Notes Concurrent with the completion of a private common stock offering (the Private Common Stock Offering ), on January 16, 2020, the Company completed its offering of million in aggregate principal amount of the unsecured 2025 Notes in reliance upon the available exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (the 144A Note Offering ). Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc. KBW ), as the initial purchaser, exercised in full its option to purchase or place additional Notes and on January 29, 2020, the Company issued and sold an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. As a result, the Company issued and sold a total of million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes pursuant to the 144A Note Offering. The 2025 Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 16, 2020 (the Base Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (together with its successor in interest, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee ), and a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 16, 2020 (the First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the 2025 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. The 2025 Notes mature on (the Maturity Date ), unless repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms prior to such date. of the outstanding principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The holders of the 2025 Notes do not have the option to have the notes repaid or repurchased by the Company prior to the Maturity Date. On July 22, 2022, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes in an additional issuance of such 2025 Notes. On July 27, 2022, the underwriters exercised, in full, their option to purchase from the Company an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes solely to cover over-allotments in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement. The 2025 Notes issued pursuant to this offering are treated as a single series with the existing 2025 Notes under the 2025 Notes Indenture (the Existing 2025 Notes and have the same terms as the Existing 2025 Notes (other than issue date and issue price). The 2025 Notes have the same CUSIP number and are fungible and rank equally. Following this additional issuance of the 2025 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes is million. In connection with the additional issuance of the 2025 Notes, the 2025 Notes began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TRINL on July 29, 2022. per year payable quarterly on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2020. The 2025 Notes are direct, general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu, or equal in right of payment, with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated. Concurrent with the closing of the 144A Note Offering, on January 16, 2020, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement for the benefit of the purchasers of the 2025 Notes in the 144A Note Offering. Pursuant to the terms of this registration rights agreement, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement, which was initially declared effective on October 20, 2020, registering the public resale of the 2025 Notes by the holders thereof that elected to include their 2025 Notes in such registration statement. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the 2025 Notes issuance, including the underwriters' discount and commissions, were approximately million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred financing costs related to the 2025 Notes were million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

Weighted average outstanding balance 

August 2026 Notes On August 24, 2021, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of its unsecured August 2026 Notes under its shelf Registration Statement on Form N-2. The August 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture and a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2021 (together with the Base Indenture, the August 2026 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. The August 2026 Notes mature on , unless repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms prior to such date. of the principal amount of the August 2026 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. per year payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2022. The August 2026 Notes are direct, general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu, or equal in right of payment, with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the August 2026 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, were approximately million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred financing costs related to the August 2026 Notes were million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

December 2026 Notes On December 15, 2021, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of its unsecured December 2026 Notes under its shelf Registration Statement on Form N-2. The December 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture and a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021 (together with the Base Indenture, the December 2026 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. The December 2026 Notes mature on , unless repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms prior to such date. of the principal amount of the December 2026 Notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption) on the December 2026 Notes to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable treasury rate plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date; provided, however, that if the Company redeems any December 2026 Notes on or after November 15, 2026, the redemption price for the December 2026 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the December 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In addition, if a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the December 2026 Notes Indenture) occurs prior to the maturity date of the December 2026 Notes or the Company s redemption of all outstanding December 2026 Notes, the Company will be required, subject to certain conditions, to 
 per year payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2022. The December 2026 Notes are direct, general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu, or equal in right of payment, with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the December 2026 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, were approximately million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , unamortized deferred financing costs related to the December 2026 Notes were million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

6.00 Convertible Notes due 2025 On December 11, 2020, the Company completed a private offering (the Private Convertible Note Offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its unsecured Convertible Notes in reliance upon the available exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. KBW acted as the initial purchaser and placement agent in connection with the Private Convertible Note Offering pursuant to a purchase/placement agreement dated December 4, 2020, by and between the Company and KBW. The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture and a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2020 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Convertible Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. Concurrent with the closing of the Convertible Note Offering, on December 11, 2020, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement for the benefit of the holders of the Convertible Notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion thereof. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the Convertible Note Offering, including the initial purchaser and placement agent discount and commissions, were approximately million which were capitalized and deferred. per year, subject to additional interest upon certain events, payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on . If an investment grade rating is not maintained with respect to the Convertible Notes, additional interest of per annum will accrue on the Convertible Notes until such time as the Convertible Notes have received an investment grade rating of BBB- (or its equivalent) or better. The rating remained at investment grade as of December 31, 2022 . The Convertible Notes mature on (the Convertible Notes Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. Holders may convert their Convertible Notes, at their option, at any time on or prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the Convertible Notes Maturity Date. The conversion rate was initially shares of the Company s common stock, per principal amount of the Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). Effective immediately after the close of business on December 30, 2022, the conversion rate changed to shares of the Company s common stock, per principal amount of the Convertible Notes (equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of common stock) as a result of a certain cash dividend of the Company. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events, further described in the Convertible Note Indenture, that occur prior to the Convertible Notes Maturity Date, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such a corporate event in certain circumstances. Upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election, per principal amount of the Convertible Notes, equal to the then existing conversion rate. At the Company s option, it may cause holders to convert all or a portion of the then outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes plus accrued but unpaid interest, at any time on or prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the Convertible Notes Maturity Date, if the closing sale price of the Company s common stock for any consecutive trading days exceeds of the conversion price, as may be adjusted. Upon such conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election, per principal amount of the Convertible Notes, equal to the then existing conversion rate, and a forced conversion make-whole payment (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture), if any, in cash. The Company may not redeem the Convertible Notes at its option prior to maturity. In addition, if the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture), holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of such holders Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Convertible Notes are direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu, or equal in right of payment, with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated, including, without limitation, the 2025 Notes, and senior in right of payment to all of the Company s future indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly subordinated, or junior, in right of payment to the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt Instruments with Conversion and Other Options . In accounting for the Convertible Notes, the Company estimated at the time of issuance that the values of the debt and the embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes were approximately and , respectively. The original issue discount of , or approximately million, attributable to the conversion feature of the Convertible Notes was recorded in capital in excess of par value in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2020. In January 2021, the Company early adopted ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) ASU 2020-06 ), under which the accounting for convertible instruments was simplified by removing the separate accounting for embedded conversion features. As such, approximately million was reversed out of net assets and reduced the original issue discount for the Convertible Notes. 

Unamortized debt financing cost 

() 

() 

Original issue discount, net of accretion 

() 

() 

Carrying value of Convertible Notes 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount 

Total interest and amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount 

Weighted average effective interest rate 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the KeyBank Credit Agreement, the 2025 Notes Indenture, the August 2026 Notes Indenture, the December 2026 Notes Indenture and the Convertible Notes Indenture. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. 

 outstanding unfunded commitments other than those disclosed in Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation . The Company will fund its unfunded commitments, if any, from the same sources it uses to fund its investment commitments that are funded at the time they are made (which are typically through existing cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under its credit facilities) and maintains adequate liquidity to fund its unfunded commitments through these sources. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of representations and warranties, and general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Company; however, based on the Company s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. Leases FASB ASU No. 2016 02, Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016 02 requires that a lessee evaluate its leases to determine whether they should be classified as operating or finance leases. The Company identified two significant operating leases for its office space in Chandler, AZ and its headquarters in Phoenix, AZ. The lease for the Chandler office commenced , and expired without exercising any extension option. The lease for the Company's Phoenix, Arizona PHX headquarters commenced on , and expires on . The PHX lease contains two extension options which, if exercised, would result in a final expiration date of . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease term for the PHX office was years. The total lease expense incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the r ight of use asset related to the office operating leases was million and million, respectively, and the lease liability was million and million, respectively. The discount rate determined at the commencement of the PHX lease was . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Legal Proceedings The Company may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on the Company in connection with the activities of its portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022 , there are no material legal matters or material litigation pending of which the Company is aware. 

 shares of its common stock with a par value of per share. On September 27, 2019, the Company was initially capitalized with the issuance of shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of to its sole stockholder. Private Common Stock Offerings On January 16, 2020, the Company completed the Private Common Stock Offering in reliance upon the available exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. As a result, the Company issued and sold a total of shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of approximately million. The related overallotment option was exercised in full on January 29, 2020, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold an additional shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of approximately million. As a result, the Company issued and sold a total of shares of its common stock pursuant to the Private Common Stock Offering for aggregate net proceeds of approximately million, net of offering costs of approximately million. Concurrent with the closing of the Private Common Stock Offering, on January 16, 2020, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement for the benefit of the purchasers of shares of its common stock in such offering and the Legacy Investors that received shares of its common stock in connection with the Formation Transactions that were not the Company s directors, officers and affiliates. Pursuant to the terms of this registration rights agreement, the Company no longer has any registration obligations with respect to such shares because (i) such shares may be sold by any such stockholder in a single transaction without registration pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (ii) the Company has been subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for a period of at least 90 days and is current in the filing of all such required reports and (iii) such shares have been listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Formation Transactions On January 16, 2020, immediately following the initial closings of the Private Offerings, the Company used the proceeds from the Private Offerings to complete the Formation Transactions, pursuant to which the Company acquired the Legacy Funds and Trinity Capital Holdings. In consideration for the Legacy Funds, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share for a total value of approximately million and paid approximately million in cash to certain of the Legacy Investors. As consideration for all of the equity interests in Trinity Capital Holdings, the Company issued shares of its common stock at per share for a total value of approximately million and paid approximately million in cash. Initial Public Offering On February 2, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering of shares of common stock at a price of per share, inclusive of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, which was exercised in full. The Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on January 29, 2021, under the symbol TRIN. Proceeds from this offering were primarily used to pay down a portion of the Company's existing indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Suisse Credit Facility. ATM Program On November 9, 2021, the Company entered into an open market sale agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent and/or principal thereunder, pursuant to which the Company can issue and sell, from time to time, up to million in aggregate offering price of shares of its common stock by any method permitted by law and deemed to be part of an at-the-market offering (as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act) (the ATM Program ). During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a weighted-average price of per share and raised million of net proceeds after deducting commissions to the sales agent on shares sold under the ATM Program. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a weighted-average price of per share and raised million of net proceeds after deducting commissions to the sales agent on shares sold under the ATM Program. The Company generally uses net proceeds from the ATM Program to make investments in accordance with its investment objective and investment strategy and for general corporate purposes. Stock Repurchase Program On November 14, 2022, the Company and its board of directors authorized a program for the purpose of repurchasing up to million worth of the Company's common stock (the Repurchase Program ). Under the repurchase program, the Company may, but is not obligated to, repurchase its outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time, provided that the Company complies with the prohibitions under its Rule 38a-1 Compliance Manual and Rule 17j-1 Code of Ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including certain price, market, volume, and timing constraints. Unless amended or extended by the Company's board of directors, the Company expects the repurchase program to be in place until the earlier of , or until million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. The Company's board of directors authorized the repurchase program because it believes sustained macroeconomic pressures, inflation concerns, and political uncertainty have caused the Company's common stock to be undervalued from time to time, especially relative to the Company's performance and its peers, and that such repurchases demonstrate the Company's stability and strength, including the resilience and creditworthiness of its portfolio. The timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions and alternative investment opportunities. In addition, any repurchases will be conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act, as amended. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased of its outstanding common stock at a weighted average price of . The repurchased shares were immediately canceled and thus Trinity Capital holds treasury stock. Under the repurchase program, the Company may, but is not obligated to, repurchase up to an additional million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. Equity Offerings On April 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a public offering price of per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. In addition, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional shares of common stock, resulting in additional net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. On August 18, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a public offering price of per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. In addition, the underwriters exercised their option in part to purchase an additional shares of common stock, resulting in additional net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. Distribution Reinvestment Plan The Company s amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan DRIP provides for the reinvestment of distributions in the form of common stock on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder has elected to receive distributions in cash. As a result, if the Company declares a cash distribution, its stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP by the opt out date will have their cash distribution automatically reinvested into additional shares of the Company s common stock. The share requirements of the DRIP may be satisfied through the issuance of common shares or through open market purchases of common shares by the DRIP plan administrator. Newly issued shares will be valued based upon the final closing price of the Company s common stock on the valuation date determined for each distribution by the Board. The Company s DRIP is administered by its transfer agent on behalf of the Company s record holders and participating brokerage firms. Brokerage firms and other financial intermediaries may decide not to participate in the Company s DRIP but may provide a similar distribution reinvestment plan for their clients. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for a total of approximately million under the DRIP. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for a total of approximately million under the DRIP. Distributions 

Total 

shares. The 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan is to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan. The 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan will terminate on the day prior to the tenth anniversary of the date it was initially adopted by the Board, unless terminated sooner by action of the Board or the Compensation Committee, as applicable. For additional information regarding the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, please refer to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021, and the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. 

Shares Granted 

Shares Vested 

() 

() 

Shares Forfeited 

() 

Unvested as of Ending of Period 

Fair Value of Granted Stock 

Compensation cost recognized 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2021 , there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs were expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 2019 Restricted Stock Plan The Company s Board adopted and approved the Trinity Capital Inc. 2019 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the 2019 Restricted Stock Plan on October 17, 2019 and the Company s stockholders approved the 2019 Restricted Stock Plan on June 17, 2021 at the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The 2019 Restricted Stock Plan became effective on June 17, 2021 and provides for grants of restricted stock awards Non-Employee Director Awards to the Company s non-employee directors (the Non-Employee Director Participants ), which are directors who are not interested persons of the Company (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) in accordance with the SEC Exemptive Order. The Non-Employee Director Participants will have the right to receive dividends on such awarded restricted stock, unless and until the restricted stock is forfeited. Subject to certain adjustments under the 2019 Restricted Stock Plan, the total number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be subject to Non-Employee Director Awards is shares. The 2019 Restricted Stock Plan is to be administered by the Compensation Committee, subject to the discretion of the Board. The 2019 Restricted Stock Plan will terminate on the day prior to the tenth anniversary of the date it was approved by the Company s stockholders, unless terminated sooner by action of the Board. 

Shares Granted 

Shares Vested 

() 

() 

Shares Forfeited 

Unvested as of Ending of Period, 

Fair Value of Granted Stock 

Compensation cost recognized 

- 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a period. As of December 31, 2021 , there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a period. 

 161 
 
 Table of Contents 

Denominator for basic weighted average shares 

Earnings/(Loss) per common share - basic 

() 

Earnings per common share - diluted 

Numerator for increase in net assets per share 

() 

Adjustment for interest expense and deferred financing costs on Convertible Notes (1) 

Numerator for diluted earnings per share 

() 

Denominator for basic weighted average shares 

Adjustment for dilutive effect of Convertible Notes (1) 

Denominator for diluted weighted average shares 

Earnings/(Loss) per common share - diluted 

() 

(1) No adjustments for interest or incremental shares were included for the year ended December 31, 2022 , because the effect would be antidilutive. 

In certain circumstances, the Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election which can be dilutive to common stockholders. Diluted earnings (loss) available to each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period included any additional shares of common stock that would be issued if all potentially dilutive securities were exercised. In accordance with ASU 2020-06, the Company is required to disclose diluted EPS using the if-converted method that assumes conversion of convertible securities at the beginning of the reporting period and is intended to show the maximum dilution effect to common stockholders regardless of how the conversion can occur. 

 of its investment company taxable income (which generally includes its net ordinary taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses) and of its net tax-exempt income (if any). The Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on these distributed amounts, but will pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any retained amounts. The amount of taxable income to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board each quarter and is generally based upon the annual earnings estimated by management of the Company. Net capital gains, if any, are distributed at least annually, although the Company may decide to retain all or some of those capital gains for investment and pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on those retained amounts. If the Company chooses to do so, this generally will increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. In the event the Company s taxable income (including any net capital gains) for a fiscal year falls below the amount of distributions declared and paid with respect to that year, however, a portion of the total amount of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital for tax purposes to the Company s stockholders. Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary in nature. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their appropriate tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future.) 

() 

Distributable earnings/(accumulated loss) 

For income tax purposes, distributions paid to shareholders are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long-term capital gains, or a combination thereof. The tax character of distributions paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was ordinary income with no distributions made from long-term capital gain. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , million and million, respectively, was recorded for U.S. federal excise tax. As of December 31, 2022, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis detailed below differ from the amounts reflected in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities by temporary book or tax differences primarily arising from the tax treatment of costs related to the issuance of stock-based compensation and certain loan modifications as well as ongoing differences related to the treatment of the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds. As of December 31, 2022, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis detailed above differ from the amounts reflected in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities by temporary book or tax differences primarily arising from the treatment of costs related to the acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds and deferral of organizational cost.) 

() 

Undistributed ordinary income 

Undistributed long-term capital gains 

- 

Unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 

Components of distributable earnings 

() 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Unrealized appreciation 

Unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) from investments 

() 

(1) Includes cost of short-term investments, including cash and cash equivalents. 

163 
 
 Table of Contents 

(9) 

Net investment income 

(10) 

Net realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on investments (2) 

() 

() 

Costs related to acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and Legacy Funds 

() 

Net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of shares issued (3) 

() 

() 

Equity component of convertible notes 

() 

Distributions (4) 

() 

() 

() 

Total increase/(decrease) in net assets 

() 

() 

Net asset value, end of period 

Shares outstanding, end of period 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

(10) 

Total return based on net asset value (5) 

() 

() 
 (11) (12) 

Total return based on market value (6) 

() 

n/a 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Per share market value at end of period 

n/a 

Net assets, end of period 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

(13) 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

(13) 

Ratio of interest and credit facility expenses to average net assets 

(13) 

Portfolio turnover rate (7) 

(11) 

Asset coverage ratio (8) 

(1) Based on actual number of shares outstanding at the end of the corresponding period or the weighted average shares outstanding for the period, unless otherwise noted, as appropriate. 

 (2) Net realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on investments include rounding adjustments to reconcile the change in net asset value per share. 

 (3) Includes the impact of the different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on the weighted-average basic shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on the shares outstanding as of a period end or transaction date. Also includes the impact of the issuance of shares related to the equity incentive plans and accretive effect of DRIP issuance and stock offerings (issuing shares above NAV per share). 

 (4) The per share data reflects the actual amount of distributions declared per share for the applicable period. 

 (5) Total return based on net asset value is calculated as the change in net asset value per share during the period plus declared distributions per share during the period, divided by the beginning net asset value per share. 

 (6) Total return based on market value is calculated as the change in market value per share during the period, taking into account dividends. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the beginning market value per share is based on the market price of per share on January 29, 2021, the date of the Company s listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

 (7) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date cash sales/repayments or year-to-date cash purchases over the average of the total investments at fair value. 

 (8) Based on outstanding debt of million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

 (9) The net asset value as of January 16, 2020 (commencement of operations) is calculated based on the initial common stock purchase price of per share less the accumulated loss of per share from August 12, 2019 (the date of inception) through December 31, 2019. 

 (10) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period from January 16, 2020 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2020. 

 (11) Not annualized. 

 (12) Total return excluding costs related to acquisition of Trinity Capital Holdings and the Legacy Funds would have been for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

 (13) Annualized. 

Senior Securities 

December 31, 2020 

KeyBank Credit Facility 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

2025 Notes 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Convertible Notes 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

August 2026 Notes 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

December 2026 Notes 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Total 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

(1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 

 (2) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of total assets, less all liabilities excluding indebtedness represented by senior securities in this table to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per of indebtedness and is calculated on a consolidated basis. 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the Company s involuntary liquidation in preference to any security junior to it. The in this column indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

 (4) Not applicable because the senior securities are not registered for public trading, with the exception of the 2025 Notes. The average market value per unit calculated for the 2025 Notes is based on the average daily price of such notes and is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per of indebtedness. 

 (5) The Credit Suisse Credit Facility matured on January 8, 2022, in accordance with its terms, and all outstanding indebtedness thereunder was repaid. 

Company s DRIP and the distributions declared. Additionally, in connection with the Company s IPO, certain related parties purchased additional shares of the Company s common stock. These acquisitions were made at the IPO price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s directors and executive officers and certain employees received restricted stock awards under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan and the 2019 Restricted Stock Plan. Refer to Note 8 Equity Incentive Plans for further details on the Company s share-based compensation plans. The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements are intended to provide the Company s directors and executive officers the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and the 1940 Act. Each indemnification agreement provides that the Company shall indemnify the director or executive officer who is a party to the agreement, or an Indemnitee, including the advancement of legal expenses, if, by reason of his or her corporate status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to or a witness in any threatened, pending, or completed proceeding, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and the 1940 Act. The Company and its executives and directors are covered by directors and officers insurance. In addition, each of our directors and officers have entered into an indemnification agreement with us pursuant to which our directors and officers are indemnified by us to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law subject to the restrictions of the 1940 Act. 

of its outstanding common stock at a weighted average price of . The repurchased shares were immediately canceled and thus Trinity Capital holds no treasury stock. Under the repurchase program, the Company may, but is not obligated to, repurchase up to an additional million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. 

167 
 
 Table of Contents 

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Fees and Expenses 
 Form 10-K contains a reference to fees or expenses paid by you, us or the Company or that we will pay fees or expenses, stockholders will indirectly bear such fees or expenses as investors in Trinity Capital Inc. 
 
 (1) 

Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

(2) 

Distribution reinvestment plan expenses 

(3) 

Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock): 

Operating expenses 

(4) 

Interest payments on borrowed funds 

(5) 

Total annual expenses 

(6) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

remain at the levels set forth in the table above. The stockholder transaction expenses described above are included in the following example. 

1 year 

3 years 

5 years 

10 years 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return from realized capital gains 

The foregoing table is to assist you in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at net asset value, if our Board authorizes and we declare a cash dividend, participants in our distribution reinvestment plan who have not otherwise elected to receive cash will receive a number of shares of our common stock, determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the valuation date for the dividend. 
 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 170 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to directors, officers and employees. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on the Company s website at www.ir.trinitycap.com/governance/governance-documents. The Company will report any amendments to or waivers of a required provision of the code of business conduct and ethics on the Company s website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 171 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following financial statements of the Company are filed herewith: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 88 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 91 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 93 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 116 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 133 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10 K or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on January 16, 2020) . 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on January 16, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 15, 2020 (Common Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 16, 2020 (Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 11, 2020 (Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 14, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated January 16, 2020, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 16, 2020, relating to the 7.00 Notes due 2025, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

4.6 
 
 Form of 7.00 Notes due 2025 (included as part of and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 hereto). 

4.7 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated December 11, 2020, relating to the 6.00 Convertible Notes due 2025, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 14, 2020). 

4.8 
 
 Form of 6.00 Convertible Notes due 2025 (included as part of and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 hereto). 

4.9 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 24, 2021, relating to the 4.375 Notes due 2026, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2021) 

172 
 
 Table of Contents 

4.10 
 
 Form of 4.375 Notes due 2026 (included as part of and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 hereto). 

4.11 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 15, 2021, relating to the 4.25 Notes due 2026, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 15, 2021). 

4.12 
 
 Form of 4.25 Notes due 2026 (included as part of and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 hereto). 

4.13 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 3, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 29, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Custody and Account Agreement, dated January 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated January 8, 2020, with Credit Suisse AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.4 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2020, with Credit Suisse AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-248850) filed September 16, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 29, 2020, with Credit Suisse AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(3) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-248850) filed October 19, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated January 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Security Agreement, dated January 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Servicing Agreement, dated January 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Custodial Agreement, dated January 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, relating to the KeyBank Credit Facility, by and among Trinity Capital Inc., as servicer, TrinCap Funding, LLC, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and syndication agent, Wells Fargo, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, relating to the KeyBank Credit Facility, by and among Trinity Capital Inc., as servicer, TrinCap Funding, LLC, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and syndication agent, Wells Fargo, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(9) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261782) filed January 26, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022, relating to the KeyBank Credit Facility, by and among Trinity Capital Inc., as servicer, TrinCap Funding, LLC, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and syndication agent, Wells Fargo, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, between the Company and TrinCap Funding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 5, 2022, by among Trinity Capital Inc., on the one hand, and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and UBS Investment Bank, on the other hand, as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 19, 2022, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc. and UBS Securities, LLC as representative of the several underwriters named in 

173 
 
 Table of Contents 

Schedule 1 thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 22, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, by among Trinity Capital Inc., on the one hand, and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on the other hand, as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18, 2022). 

10.17# 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Steven L. Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.18# 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Kyle Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.19# 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Gerald Harder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.20# 
 
 2019 Trinity Capital Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2021). 

10.21# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (2019 Trinity Capital Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 14, 2021). 

10.22# 
 
 Trinity Capital Inc. 2019 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2021). 

10.23# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Trinity Capital Inc. 2019 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 14, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Transfer Agency Agreement and Registrar Services Agreement, dated November 1, 2019, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed January 16, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Trinity Capital Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 

Trinity Funding 1, LLC (Delaware) 

TrinCap Funding, LLC (Delaware) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages herin) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a 14(a) and 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a 14(a) and 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

174 
 
 Table of Contents 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 175 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRINITY CAPITAL INC. 

Dated: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven L. Brown 

Steven L. Brown 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven L. Brown, David Lund and Sarah Stanton, and each of them, such person s true and lawful attorney-in-act and agent, with full power of substitution and revocation, for such person and in such person s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign one or more Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and each of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated on March 2, 2023. 

/s/ Steven L. Brown 
 
 /s/ David Lund 

Steven L. Brown 
 
 David Lund 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Kyle Brown 
 
 /s/ Michael E. Zacharia 

Kyle Brown 
 
 Michael E. Zacharia 

President and Chief Investment Officer, and Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Irma Lockridge 
 
 /s/ Richard Hamada 

Irma Lockridge 
 
 Richard Hamada 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Ronald E. Estes 

Ronald E. Estes 

Director 

176 

<EX-23>
 2
 trin-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Trinity Capital Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, into the Registration Statements (Form N-2, File No. 333-261782 and Form S-8, File No. 333-259513), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 trin-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven L. Brown, Chief Executive Officer of Trinity Capital Inc., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven L. Brown 

Steven L. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 trin-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Lund, Chief Financial Officer of Trinity Capital Inc., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

1) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; 

2) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

3) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

4) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lund 

David Lund 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 trin-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of Trinity Capital Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven L. Brown 

Steven L. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 trin-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of Trinity Capital Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lund 

David Lund 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 trin-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 trin-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 trin-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 trin-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 trin-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

