<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1587650_0001587650-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>511789</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59426</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>92197</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>208761</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>85990</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>50729</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001587650-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329172308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001587650-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0000006879
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000006879
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Other

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001587650
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		IRS NUMBER:				463706150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-191392-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23776238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 RIVERSIDE PLAZA, 28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		614-716-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 RIVERSIDE PLAZA, 28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001587650-23-000005.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 aep-20221231.htm
 10-K

aep-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from __________ to_________ 
 Commission File Number of issuing entity: Central Index Key Number of issuing entity: 
 
 (Exact name of issuing entity as specified in its charter) 
 Commission File Number of depositor and sponsor: Central Index Key Number of depositor and sponsor: 
 (Exact name of depositor and sponsor as specified in its charter 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Check One: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 The registrant does not have any voting or non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: A portion of the proxy statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of American Electric Power Company, Inc. is incorporated by reference in Item 11 of Part III of this report. 
 
 Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. 
 
 Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC (the Company) has five managers. At least two managers must not be, and must not have been for at least five years prior to the date of his or her appointment: (i) a direct or indirect legal or beneficial owner of the Company or Appalachian Power Company (APCo) or any of their respective affiliates, (ii) a relative, supplier, employee, officer, director (other than as an independent director), manager (other than as an independent manager), contractor or material creditor of the Company or APCo or any of their respective affiliates or (iii) a person who controls (whether directly, indirectly or otherwise) APCo or its affiliates or any creditor, employee, officer, director, manager or material supplier or contractor of APCo or its affiliates. 
 
 The following are the managers of the Company as of March 24, 2023: Name Age Background Ann P. Kelly 52 President and manager of the Company. Vice president, chief financial officer and director of Appalachian Power Company (APCo), executive vice president and chief financial officer of American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP), and executive vice president, chief financial officer and director of American Electric Power Service Corporation, a subsidiary of AEP (Service Corporation) since November 30, 2022. Previously was vice president of finance and chief financial officer for AmeriGas in 2019. Corporate controller and chief accounting officer for UGI Corporation from March 2018 to February 2019. Assistant Treasurer of UGI Corporation from May 2016 to March 2018. Julie A. Sherwood 52 Treasurer and manager of the Company. Vice president and treasurer of APCo, treasurer of AEP and senior vice president treasury and risk of the Service Corporation since January 1, 2021. Joined the Service Corporation in 2004 and was appointed as director, external financial reporting in 2004, appointed director-investor relations in 2007, became vice president of market operations in 2014 and senior vice president-commercial operations in 2018. Treasurer of certain other AEP System companies. Renee V. Hawkins 57 Assistant treasurer and manager of the Company. Vice president of finance and treasury since August 2022, previously was managing director corporate finance of the Service Corporation since 2003 and assistant treasurer of the Service Corporation since 2008. Assistant Treasurer of certain other AEP System companies. Sean Emerick 57 Manager of the Company. Lead project program manager since October 2022 for CT Corporation Staffing, Inc., a subsidiary of CT Corporation System. Director, special services, CT Corporation, since 2014. From 2011 to 2014, regional service manager for CT Corporation and, prior to that, vice president and general manager of corporate services at National Registered Agents, Inc. from 2007 to 2011. William Bleier 32 Manager of the Company. Associate Director, Customer Service for CT Corporation since 2020. From 2017 to 2020 served as Service Manager, Large Corporations and prior to that served as Account Manager, Mid-Market from 2014 to 2017. 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of APCo which in turn is an indirect subsidiary of AEP. AEP has adopted a code of conduct and ethics which applies to all of its subsidiaries. AEP maintains a corporate governance page on its website which includes key information about its corporate governance initiatives, including AEP s Principles of Corporate Governance and AEP s Principles of Business Conduct. The corporate governance page can be found at www.aep.com/investors/corporateleadersandgovernance . 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Other than the annual independent manager fee of 1,800 paid to CT Corporation System, the Company does not pay any compensation to its executive officers or managers. 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to APCo is incorporated herein by reference to the material under Compensation Discussion and Analysis of the definitive proxy statement of American Electric Power Company, Inc. for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Managers Sean Emerick and William Bleier are the independent directors and are employees of CT Corporation Staffing, Inc. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 1 Financial Statements. Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K as listed under Item 8 of this report. 2 Financial Statement Schedules. Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K as listed under Item 8 of this report. 3 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (exhibits marked with an asterisk are filed herewith): 3.1 Certificate of Formation of the Issuing Entity filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 19, 2013. 3.2 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuing Entity executed as of October 28, 2013. 4.1 Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and U.S. Bank National Association providing for the issuance of Senior Secured Consumer Rate Relief Bonds. 4.2 Form of Senior Secured Consumer Rate Relief Bonds. 10.1 Consumer Rate Relief Property Sale Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as seller. 10.2 Servicing Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 10.3 Administration Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 31.1 Certification. 33.1 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 33.2 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 34.1 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on behalf of Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 34.2 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of Ernst Young LLP on behalf of U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 35.1 Servicer compliance statement of Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

(b) Exhibits required by this Form and Item 601 of Regulation S-K (exhibits marked with an asterisk are filed herewith) 
 3.1 Certificate of Formation of the Issuing Entity filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 19, 2013 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form S-3 dated September 26, 2013). 
 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuing Entity executed as of October 28, 2013 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.2 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 4.1 Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and U.S. Bank National Association providing for the issuance of Senior Secured Consumer Rate Relief Bonds (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 4.2 Form of Senior Secured Consumer Rate Relief Bonds (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 10.1 Consumer Rate Relief Property Sale Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as seller (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.2 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 10.2 Servicing Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as servicer (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.1 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 10.3 Administration Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013 between the Issuing Entity and Appalachian Power Company, as servicer (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.3 included as an exhibit to the Sponsor s Form 8-K dated November 6, 2013). 
 
 31.1 Certification. 
 
 33.1 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 
 
 33.2 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 34.1 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on behalf of Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 
 
 34.2 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of Ernst Young LLP for U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 35.1 Servicer compliance statement of Appalachian Power Company, as servicer. 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 
 Item 1112(b). Significant Obligors of Pool Assets. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1114(b)(2). Credit Enhancement and Other Support, Except for Certain Derivatives Instruments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1115(b). Certain Derivatives Instruments. 
 
 None. 

Item 1117. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association has provided the following information to the depositor: 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential mortgage backed securities ("RMBS") trusts. The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank and similar institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged failures by the sponsors, mortgage loan sellers and servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts. Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees purported failures to enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for alleged breaches of representations and warranties, notify securityholders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and abide by a heightened standard of care following alleged events of default. 
 
 U.S. Bank denies liability and believes that it has performed its obligations under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. However, U.S. Bank cannot assure you as to the outcome of any of the litigation, or the possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts. 
 
 On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware statutory trusts (the DSTs that issued securities backed by student loans (the Student Loans filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank in its capacities as indenture trustee and successor special servicer, and three other institutions in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the DSTs and the Student Loans. This lawsuit is captioned The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association, et al. , C.A. No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.) (the NCMSLT Action ). The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning administration of the trusts and special servicing of the Student Loans. Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions against U.S. Bank concerning special servicing that appear to be based on certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT Action. 
 
 U.S. Bank has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative complaint in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated. On November 7, 2018, the Court ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution of the first-filed cases. On January 21, 2020, the Court entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which remains pending. 
 
 U.S. Bank denies liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has meritorious defenses. It has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. 
 
 Item 1119. Affiliations and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 
 Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Appalachian Power Company. 
 
 Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria. 
 
 The Report on Assessment of Compliance With Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities and the related attestation report for Appalachian Power Company included as Exhibits 33.1 and 34.1, respectively, to this Form 10-K identified no material instances of noncompliance by Appalachian Power Company with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB, except as discussed below and in Exhibit 33.1. 
 
 Servicing criterion 1122(d)(3) requires the Servicer to prepare and deliver certain reports to investors in accordance with timeframes set forth in the transaction agreements. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(A), certain instances were identified where Servicer Certificates were not provided to the required party within the timeframe described in the transaction agreement. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(B), certain instances were identified where monthly Servicer Certificates did not provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreement. The Servicer has adopted procedures to address each of these respective issues in the future. 
 
 The Report on Assessment of Compliance With Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities and the related attestation report for U.S. Bank National Association included as Exhibits 33.2 and 34.2, respectively, to this Form 10-K identified no material 

instances of noncompliance by U.S. Bank National Association with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 
 
 See Exhibits 33.1, 33.2, 34.1 and 34.2 to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1123 of Regulation AB. Servicer Compliance Statement. 
 
 See Exhibit 35.1 to this Form 10-K. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 29th day of March, 2023. 
 Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC (Issuing Entity) By: Appalachian Power Company, as Servicer /s/ Julie A. Sherwood Julie A. Sherwood Treasurer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. 
 
 No such annual report, proxy statement, form of proxy or other soliciting material has been sent to Noteholders. The registrant will not be sending an annual report or proxy material to its Noteholders subsequent to the filing of this form. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apcocrrf202210kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Julie A. Sherwood, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed in respect of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC (the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing and other information required to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 
 4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by Appalachian Power Company, as Servicer, and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports, the servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Servicing Agreement dated as of November 6, 2013 between Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC, as the Issuing Entity, and the Servicer, in all material respects, except as disclosed in this report on Form 10-K and 
 
 5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and the related attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in this report on Form 10-K. 
 
 6. In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information provided to me by the following unaffiliated parties U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 s Julie A. Sherwood Name Julie A. Sherwood Title Treasurer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function, Appalachian Power Company, as Servicer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 apcocrrf202210kex331.htm
 EX-33.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 33.1 
 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED ISSUERS 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that she is the duly elected and acting Treasurer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function of American Electric Power Service Corporation as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company APCo and AEP Texas Inc. AEP Texas and with APCo, each a Servicer ), each as a party participating in the servicing function under Item 1122 of Regulation AB, and hereby reports on each Servicer s assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria specified in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, as follows 
 
 (1) The undersigned is responsible for assessing compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to each Servicer . The servicing criteria specified in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB are applicable to each Servicer, excluding the inapplicable servicing criteria as set forth in Appendix A hereto (such criteria after giving effect to such exclusions, the Applicable Servicing Criteria ). This report covers the asset-backed securities transactions serviced by APCo and AEP Texas for which each Servicer performs servicing functions for the transactions listed in Appendix B (the Platform 
 
 (2) Each Servicer used the criteria in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to assess compliance with the applicable servicing criteria for the asset-back securities for which it serves as Servicer 
 
 (3) Except as described in Appendix C, each Servicer has determined that it is in compliance with the applicable servicing criteria for the asset-backed securities for which it acts as Servicer as of December 31, 2022 and for the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, which is the period covered by this report on Form 10-K 
 
 (4) Each Servicer attests to only the asset-backed securities for which it acts as Servicer and 
 
 (5) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on each Servicers assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria for the asset-backed securities for which it acts as servicer as of December 31, 2022 and for the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, which is the period covered by this report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 
 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY, 
 as Servicer 
 
 AEP TEXAS INC., 
 as Servicer 

s Julie A. Sherwood 
 
 Name Julie A. Sherwood 
 Title Treasurer and Senior Officer in Charge of 
 the Servicing Function, American Electric Power Service Corporation 
 as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company, 
 and AEP Texas Inc., as Servicers 

Appendix A 
 
 SERVICING CRITERIA APPLICABLE 
 SERVICING CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA Reference Criteria Performed by Servicer 
 General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information X 
 Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 

1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. X 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with canceled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X 
 Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool asset and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool assets documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool assets documents. X 
 1122(d)(4)(v) The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 
 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 

1 This criterion is not applicable for Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC. 

Appendix B 
 
 Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC 1 
 AEP Texas Central Transition Funding III LLC 2 
 AEP Texas Restoration Funding LLC 3 

1 Appalachian Power Company is the Servicer of record for the Senior Secured Consumer Rate Relief Bonds, Series A. 
 2 AEP Texas Inc. is the Servicer of record for the Senior Secured Transition Bonds. 
 3 AEP Texas Inc. is the Servicer of record for the Senior Secured System Restoration Bonds. 

Appendix C 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) Investor remittance and reporting. (i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports 
 
 (A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements 
 (B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements 
 (C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and 
 (D) Agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 

With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(A), instances were identified where servicer certificates were not provided to required parties within the timeframe described in the transaction agreements. 
 
 With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(B), instances were identified where monthly servicer certificates did not provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 apcocrrf202210kex332.htm
 EX-33.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 33.2 
 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET- 
 BACKED ISSUERS FOR U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS INDENTURE TRUSTEE 
 
 Management's Assertion 
 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria 

Management of U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (collectively U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing compliance as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of Regulation AB applicable to it as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. This report covers asset backed securities transactions within the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform 1 (the Platform 
 
 U.S. Bank hereby provides the following report on its assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB applicable to it and as described on Exhibit A hereto 
 
 1. U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing its compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it as noted on the accompanying Exhibit A 
 
 2. Except as set forth in paragraph 3 below, U.S. Bank used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to assess its compliance with the applicable servicing criteria 
 
 3. The criteria listed in the column titled Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit A hereto are inapplicable to U.S. Bank based on the servicing activities it performs directly with respect to the Platform 
 
 4. U.S. Bank has complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 
 
 5. Ernst & Young, LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on U.S. Bank s assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

1 The U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform consists of the activities involved in the performance of servicing functions for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services for (i) publicly issued asset-backed and mortgage-backed transactions the securities of which were offered on or after January 1, 2006 and (ii) certain asset-backed transactions for which the Issuer has voluntarily elected to make Regulation AB compliant filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 1 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

s John Stern 
 Name John Stern 
 Title Executive Vice President 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

s John Stern 
 Name John Stern 
 Title Executive Vice President 

Dated February 27, 2023 

2 

EXHIBIT A to Management s Assertion 
 Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria 
 General Servicing Considerations 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the Pool Assets are maintained. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(v) 
 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 
 
 X 3 
 
 Cash Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 4 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(v) 
 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

X 

2 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 
 3 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 
 4 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 
 3 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria 
 1122(d)(2)(vii) 

Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) 
 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of Pool Assets serviced by the Servicer. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 
 
 X 
 
 Pool Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 
 Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 
 
 X 
 
 4 

Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 
 The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(x) 
 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 
 X 

5 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-34.1>
 5
 apcocrrf202210kex341.htm
 EX-34.1

Document 
 Exhibit 34.1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Management of American Electric Power Service Corporation as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company and AEP Texas Inc. 
 
 We have examined American Electric Power Service Corporation s, as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company and AEP Texas Inc., (the Company compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation AB for the asset backed securities transactions serviced by Appalachian Power Company and AEP Texas Inc. for which each servicer performs servicing functions for the transactions (the Platform as described in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Issuers, as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(1)(iv), 1122(d)(2)(vi), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(4)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(v), 1122(d)(4)(ix), 1122(d)(4)(xi), 1122(d)(4)(xii), 1122(d)(4)(xiii), and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the servicing activities performed by it with respect to the Platform. Appendix B to management's assertion identifies the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Platform. American Electric Power Service Corporation s management, as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company and AEP Texas Inc., is responsible for the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Company complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria, and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of selected servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors that may have occurred prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report. We believe that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide, a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 
 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 
 
 Our examination disclosed the following material noncompliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d)(3)(i)(A) and 1122(d)(3)(i)(B) of Regulation AB applicable to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(A), instances were identified where servicer certificates were not provided to required parties within the timeframe described in the transaction agreements. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(B), instances were identified where monthly servicer certificates did not provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements. 

In our opinion, except for the material noncompliance described in the preceding paragraph, American Electric Power Service Corporation, as service corporation affiliate of Appalachian Power Company and AEP Texas Inc., complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the Platform, in all material respects. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 6
 apcocrrf202210kex342.htm
 EX-34.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 34.2 
 
 ATTESTATION REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR 
 ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP ON BEHALF OF U.S. BANK NATIONAL 
 ASSOCIATION, AS INDENTURE TRUSTEE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 U.S. Bank National Association 
 
 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (collectively, the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform ), for which the Company provides t rustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, except for servicing criteria Items 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(i)-(ii), and 1122(d)(4)(iv)-(xiv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of less than all of the individual asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. Although the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with Items 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(v), and 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB, there were no servicing activities performed by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 that required these servicing criteria to be complied with. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination engagement. 
 
 Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 
 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-35.1>
 7
 apcocrrf202210kex351.htm
 EX-35.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 35.1 
 
 SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT 
 
 I, Julie A. Sherwood, certify that 
 
 (a) A review of Appalachian Power Company s (the Servicer activities during the reporting period covered by this Report on Form 10-K and of its performance under that certain Servicing Agreement dated as of November 6, 2013 between Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC, as the Issuing Entity, and the Servicer (the Servicing Agreement has been made under my supervision. 
 
 (b) To the best of my knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the reporting period, except as described in the attached Appendix A. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 

s Julie A. Sherwood 
 Name Julie A. Sherwood 
 Title Treasurer and Senior Officer in Charge of 
 the Servicing Function, Appalachian Power Company, as Servicer 

Appendix A 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) Investor remittance and reporting. (i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports 
 
 (A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements 
 (B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements 
 (C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and 
 (D) Agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 

With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(3)(i)(A), instances were identified where Servicer Certificates were not provided to required parties within the timeframe described in the transaction agreements. 

</EX-35.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aep-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aep-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aep-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aep-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

