<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1056903_0001628280-23-005869.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21011422</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>516019</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2664573</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7678174</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5248513</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4532874</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005869.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301165932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005869
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN STATES WATER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001056903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				954676679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14431
		FILM NUMBER:		23694632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		630 E FOOTHILL BLVD
		CITY:			SAN DIMAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91773-9016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9093943600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		630 E FOOTHILL
		CITY:			SAN DIMAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91773-9016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golden State Water CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092116
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				951243678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12008
		FILM NUMBER:		23694633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		630 E FOOTHILL BLVD
		CITY:			SAN DIMAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91773-9016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9093943600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		630 E FOOTHILL
		CITY:			SAN DIMAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91773-9016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA WATER CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005869.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 awr-20221231.htm
 10-K

awr-20221231 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number Registrant, State of Incorporation Address, Zip Code and Telephone Number IRS Employer Identification No. Incorporated in Incorporated in 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 American States Water Company No Golden State Water Company Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 American States Water Company Yes Golden State Water Company Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 American States Water Company No Golden State Water Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 American States Water Company No Golden State Water Company No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 American States Water Company Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Golden States Water Company Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 American States Water Company 
 Golden State Water Company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
 American States Water Company Yes No Golden State Water Company Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of all voting and non-voting Common Shares held by non-affiliates of American States Water Company was approximately on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price per Common Share of American States Water Company as traded on the New York Stock Exchange. As of February 28, 2023, the number of Common Shares of American States Water Company outstanding was . As of that same date, American States Water Company owned all outstanding Common Shares of Golden State Water Company. The aggregate market value of all voting stock held by non-affiliates of Golden State Water Company was on June 30, 2022. 
 
 Golden State Water Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form, in part, with the reduced disclosure format for Golden State Water Company. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 and 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 INDEX 

 Part I 
 Item 1 . 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2 . 
 Properties 
 23 
 Item 3 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 24 
 Part II 
 Item 5 . 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6 . 
 Reserved 
 27 
 Item 7 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 
 28 
 Item 7A . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 8 . 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9 . 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 114 
 Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B . 
 Other Information 
 114 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 114 
 Part III 
 Item 10 . 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 115 
 Item 11 . 
 Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13 . 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 115 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 115 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 . 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 118 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Parent and Notes 
 121 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 This annual report on Form 10-K is a combined report being filed by two separate Registrants, American States Water Company AWR and Golden State Water Company GSWC ). References in this report to Registrant are to AWR and GSWC, collectively, unless otherwise specified. GSWC makes no representations as to the information contained in this report relating to AWR and its subsidiaries, other than GSWC. 
 AWR makes its periodic reports, Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and current reports, Form 8-K, available free of charge through its website, www.aswater.com, as soon as material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Such reports are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. AWR also makes available free of charge its code of business conduct and ethics, its corporate governance guidelines and the charters of its Nominating and Governance Committee, Compensation Committee and Audit and Finance Committee through its website or by calling (877) 463-6297. AWR and GSWC have filed the certification of officers required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Form 10-K for fiscal 2022. 
 Overview 
 AWR is the parent company of GSWC, Bear Valley Electric Service, Inc. BVESI and American States Utility Services, Inc. ASUS (and its wholly owned subsidiaries: Fort Bliss Water Services Company FBWS ), Terrapin Utility Services, Inc. TUS ), Old Dominion Utility Services, Inc. ODUS ), Palmetto State Utility Services, Inc. PSUS ), Old North Utility Services, Inc. ONUS ), Emerald Coast Utility Services, Inc. ECUS and Fort Riley Utility Services, Inc. FRUS ). On July 1, 2020, GSWC completed the transfer of the electric utility assets and liabilities from its electric division to BVESI, in exchange for common shares of BVESI. GSWC then immediately distributed all of BVESI s common shares to AWR, whereupon BVESI became wholly owned directly by AWR. This reorganization did not result in any substantive changes to AWR s operations and business segments. 
 AWR has three reportable segments: water, electric and contracted services. Within the segments, AWR has three principal business units, water and electric service utility operations conducted through its regulated utilities GSWC and BVESI, respectively, and contracted services conducted through ASUS and its subsidiaries. FBWS, TUS, ODUS, PSUS, ONUS, ECUS and FRUS may be referred to herein collectively as the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. 
 GSWC is a public water utility engaged in the purchase, production, distribution and sale of water in 10 counties in the state of California. GSWC is regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission CPUC ). BVESI is a public electric utility that distributes electricity in several San Bernardino County mountain communities in California, and is also regulated by the CPUC. Additional information regarding public utility regulation is discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition" and Results of Operations under the section titled Regulatory Matters . 
 AWR s regulated utilities served 263,265 water customers and 24,705 electric customers at December 31, 2022, or a total of 287,970 customers, compared with 262,770 water customers and 24,656 electric customers at December 31, 2021, or a total of 287,426 customers. Both GSWC s and BVESI s operations exhibit seasonal trends. Although both have diversified customer bases, residential and commercial customers account for the majority of water and electric sales and revenues. Revenues derived from commercial and residential customers accounted for approximately 90 of total water and electric revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 ASUS, through the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries, has contracted with the U.S. government to provide water and/or wastewater services at various military installations. ASUS operates, maintains and performs construction activities (including renewal and replacement capital work) on water and/or wastewater systems at various U.S. military bases pursuant to an initial 50-year firm, fixed price contract and additional firm, fixed-price contracts. Each of the contracts with the U.S. government is subject to termination, in whole or in part, prior to the end of its 50-year term for convenience of the U.S. government or as a result of default or nonperformance by the ASUS subsidiary performing the contract. The price for each of these contracts is subject to annual economic price adjustments. Contracts are also subject to modifications for changes in circumstances, changes in laws and regulations, and additions to the contract value for new construction of facilities at the military bases. AWR guarantees performance of ASUS s military privatization contracts. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the terms of the 50-year contract with the U.S. government, the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries operate the following water and wastewater systems: 
 Subsidiary Military Base Type of System Location FBWS Fort Bliss Water and Wastewater Texas and New Mexico TUS Joint Base Andrews Water and Wastewater Maryland ODUS Fort Lee Wastewater Virginia ODUS Joint-Base Langley Eustis and Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story Water and Wastewater Virginia PSUS Fort Jackson Water and Wastewater South Carolina ONUS Fort Bragg, Pope Army Airfield and Camp Mackall Water and Wastewater North Carolina ECUS Eglin Air Force Base Water and Wastewater Florida FRUS Fort Riley Water and Wastewater Collection and Treatment Kansas 
 Certain financial information for each of AWR s business segments - water distribution, electric distribution, and contracted services - is set forth in Note 17 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of American States Water Company and its subsidiaries. While AWR s water and electric utility segments are not dependent upon a single or only a few customers, the U.S. government is the primary customer for ASUS s contracted services. ASUS, from time to time, performs work at military bases for other prime contractors of the U.S. government. 
 Seasonality 
 The demand for water and electricity varies by season. For instance, there can be a higher level of water consumption during the third quarter of each year when weather in California tends to be hot and dry. During unusually wet weather, our customers generally use less water. The CPUC has adopted regulatory mechanisms at GSWC that help mitigate fluctuations in revenues due to changes in water consumption by our customers in California, which currently remain in effect. 
 The demand for electricity in our electric customer service area is greatly affected by winter snow levels. An increase in winter snow levels reduces the use of snow making machines at ski resorts in the Big Bear area and, as a result, reduces our electric revenues. Likewise, unseasonably warm weather during a skiing season may result in temperatures too high for snow making conditions, which also reduces our electric revenues. The CPUC has adopted regulatory mechanisms for our electric business, which helps mitigate fluctuations in the revenues of our electric business due to changes in the amount of electricity used by BVESI s customers. 
 Environmental Regulations 
 AWR s subsidiaries are subject to extensive environmental regulations. GSWC is required to comply with safe drinking water requirements, including testing to determine constituents in its water supply and customer notification requirements if certain contaminants exceed maximum levels or advisory levels, and requirements to address issues relating to known contamination. The subsidiaries of ASUS are subject to similar requirements in connection with their water and wastewater operations on military bases. GSWC is also responsible for clean-up and remediation at a plant site that contained an underground storage tank. As mandated by legislation enacted in California, BVESI is required to submit wildfire mitigation plans to the CPUC for approval. California requires all electric utilities to prepare plans on constructing, maintaining, and operating their electrical lines and equipment to minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfire. 
 ASUS s subsidiaries are responsible for ensuring compliance with the reduction and/or removal of all constituents required under its wastewater treatment plant operating permits. ASUS works closely with state regulators and industry associations to stay current with emergent issues and proactively addresses any change in wastewater treatment regulation to ensure permit compliance. 
 The regulated utilities spent approximately 21.7 million in 2022 and expect to spend approximately 24.3 million in 2023 for capital expenditures on environmental control facilities. During 2022, ASUS performed construction activities (for the benefit of the U.S. government) related to environmental control facilities with a contract value of 922,000. ASUS expects to perform construction activities related to environmental control facilities with a contract value of 1.7 million in 2023. In addition, various other capital expenditures at the regulated utilities and construction projects at ASUS are incurred for purposes other than environmental control facilities, but may also have some environmental benefits. An environmental control facility is any facility that is reasonably expected to abate, reduce or aid in the prevention, measurement, control of monitoring of noise, air or water pollutants, solid waste, thermal pollution, radiation or other pollutants. 
 Environmental matters and compliance with such laws and regulations are discussed further in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the section titled Environmental Matters . 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Climate Change Planning, Risks and Opportunities 
 Climate change is one area that we focus on as we develop and execute our business strategy and financial planning, both in the short- and long-term and is subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors and senior management. First and foremost, designing and implementing efficient and resilient infrastructure and operational processes not only addresses climate change, but also reduces costs. Our capital investment programs are critical to ensure we can continue delivering reliable, high-quality water, wastewater and electric services without interruption. As a utility company, our operating strategy is dependent on having a reliable infrastructure in place. 
 The risks posed by climate variability increase the need for us to plan for and address supply resiliency. We address these risks by planning, assessing, mitigating, and investing in our infrastructure for the long-term benefit of our communities. As a provider of an essential product and service, our primary goal is to ensure service is uninterrupted. 
 GSWC considers the potential impacts of climate change in its water supply portfolio planning and its overall infrastructure replacement plans. We evaluate how water supplies, water quality and water demands may change, and consider mitigation strategies to assist us in being able to deliver water to our customers. 
 We seek to minimize our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to assist in reducing the effects of climate change. We studied our GHG emissions levels, set a 2020 baseline, and developed a GHG emissions reduction target of 60 by 2035 from the 2020 baseline. To accomplish this, Registrant has developed a phased approach, which includes short-, medium- and long-term actions. Our priorities include reductions in energy use and increasing purchases of green energy for our water operations, increasing purchases of green energy for distribution to our electric customers, and reviewing our vehicle fleet needs and electrification. Achievement of this reduction target is contingent on certain external factors, which include the ongoing development of technology, and successful achievement by the state of California in reaching its Renewables Portfolio Standard goal for this period. 
 Water Utility 
 There are risks to maintaining adequate water quality and/or supply, either from climate variability or other events. They include droughts, changes in weather patterns, natural disasters, wildfires, decisions or actions restricting the use of water from our sources, and/or pumping of groundwater, and contamination or acts of terrorism or vandalism. We consider these potential events in our strategic planning process as we aim to avoid service interruptions and compromised water quality. 
 Our goal is to maintain adequate and high-quality water supplies. We strive to reach this goal in a number of ways, including monitoring water levels, short- and long-term water supply planning, having a diverse water supply portfolio, developing contingency plans, water efficiency and conservation efforts, and maintaining a strong infrastructure. Additional information on GSWC s water supplies is discussed further in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation under the section titled Water Supplies . 
 Electric Utility 
 Climate change has also impacted electric utilities in California due to an increase in wildfires. BVESI s compliance with its wildfire mitigation plans have resulted in an increase in capital expenditures for wildfire mitigation projects. BVESI will not be able to recover the costs incurred to make capital improvements included in BVESI s current wildfire mitigation plans from customers until the CPUC approves recovery of these costs in its next general rate case filing, which was filed in August 2022 and will determine new electric rates for the years 2023-2026. Power supplies may also become more constrained and more expensive due to regulation of power plants using fossil fuels. 
 California has established a cap-and-trade program applicable to greenhouse gas emissions. While BVESI s power-plant emissions are below the reporting threshold, as a Covered Entity BVESI has an obligation to file a report with the California Air Resources Board (CARB) in June of each year under the Greenhouse Gas Mandatory Reporting Regulation. The report will become available publicly in the last quarter of 2023. 
 The State of California and the CPUC have established renewable energy procurement targets. BVESI has entered into a CPUC-approved ten-year contract for renewable energy credits. Because of this agreement, BVESI believes it will comply through at least 2023 with California s renewable energy statutes that address this issue. BVESI is pursuing short- and long-term renewable energy contracts to satisfy its requirements related to its resource portfolio for compliance period 4 (2021-2024) and beyond. 
 In 2022, BVESI s renewable power represented 38.5 of total electric supply purchases. Renewable Energy Procurement requirements continue to escalate, reaching 50 by 2026 and 100 carbon free by 2045. BVESI has issued a proposal to construct a solar energy project in Big Bear Lake, subject to obtaining CPUC approval and necessary permits. If approved and constructed, the project will provide a clean, local energy solution for the service territory. 
 BVESI offers a Distributed Generation Program, which benefits customers who install a solar or wind-generating facility that produces renewable energy. Those customers can receive a bill credit if their monthly renewable energy production 
 5 

Table of Contents 

exceeds their on-site use. BVESI also has a number of customers on its Net Energy Metering Program (NEM), which was the previous renewable energy program. NEM customers can receive a bill credit if their annual renewable energy production exceeds their on-site use. Approximately 5 of the energy consumed by our BVESI customers is now generated by customer-owned renewable sources (solar). 
 BVESI is also required to comply with the CPUC s greenhouse gas emission performance standards. Under these standards, BVESI must file an annual attestation with the CPUC stating that BVESI has no new ownership investment in generation facilities exceeding the emission performance standards and no long-term commitments for generation exceeding the standards. In January 2023, BVESI filed an attestation that BVESI complied with the standards for 2022. At this time, management cannot estimate the impact, if any, that these regulations may have on future costs over BVESI s power plant operations or the cost of BVESI s purchased power from third party providers. 
 COVID-19 
 GSWC, BVESI and ASUS have continued their operations throughout the COVID-19 pandemic given that their water, wastewater and electric utility services are deemed essential. AWR s responses take into account orders issued by the CPUC, and continued monitoring of guidance provided by federal, state, and local health authorities and other government officials for the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Some of the actions taken by GSWC and BVESI included suspending service disconnections for nonpayment pursuant to CPUC and state orders, and telecommuting by employees. The suspension of water-service disconnections at GSWC were implemented in response to an executive order from the governor of California, as well as CPUC orders. Pursuant to a CPUC July 2021 decision, the moratorium on water-service disconnections due to non-payment of past-due amounts billed to residential customers expired on February 1, 2022. However, water service cannot be disconnected so long as customers make timely payments on current bills, and are provided and adhere to payment plans to pay down past-due bills resulting from the pandemic. The moratorium on electric customer service disconnections ended on September 30, 2021. However, electric-service disconnections for non-payment can only be done after taking into account other matters, such as average daily temperatures under certain conditions, and residential disconnections are capped on an annual basis at 2.5 of the total residential customers during the previous calendar year. With the CPUC s moratoriums on service disconnections for nonpayment for water and electric customers ending, service disconnections due to nonpayment have resumed with disconnections for delinquent residential customers resuming in June 2022. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its lingering effects to the economy contributed to significant volatility in financial markets throughout the pandemic. The continued economic impact could adversely impact the value of GSWC s pension and other retirement plan assets due to possible declines in security prices. 
 In addition, the lingering effects of the pandemic has placed a strain on supply chains to sufficiently meet demand of materials and supplies necessary to complete some capital expenditure projects at our regulated utilities, as well as some construction projects at our contracted services segment. While we may purchase materials and supplies upfront when appropriate, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent delays or disruptions to our capital investments or construction projects. Furthermore, Registrant has experienced increased costs due to the impacts of inflation. The regulated utilities may update their costs as part of general rate case proceedings or advice letter filings, as related to COVID-19 emergency costs. ASUS may update prices annually through economic price adjustments. However, until we receive increased funding to offset higher costs, our liquidity may be negatively impacted. 
 Additional information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on GSWC and BVESI is provided in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation under the section titled COVID-19 . 
 Competition 
 The businesses of GSWC and BVESI are substantially free from direct and indirect competition with other public utilities, municipalities and other public agencies within their existing service territories. However, GSWC and BVESI may be subject to eminent domain proceedings in which governmental agencies, under state law, may acquire GSWC s water systems or BVESI s electric system if doing so is necessary and in the public s interest. GSWC competes with governmental agencies and other investor-owned utilities in connection with offering service to new real estate developments on the basis of financial terms, availability of water and ability to commence providing service on a timely basis. ASUS actively competes for business with other investor-owned utilities, other third-party providers of water and/or wastewater services, and governmental entities primarily on the basis of quality of service and price. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

AWR Workforce 
 AWR and its subsidiaries had a total of 811 employees as of December 31, 2022. GSWC had 501 employees as of December 31, 2022. BVESI had 46 employees, of which 17 employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, which expires in December 2025. All of the employees of GSWC and BVESI are located in California. At times, GSWC and BVESI use temporary and contract workers for a finite period of time and in a limited capacity to continue a project or workflow until they can hire a regular employee. It is also common for those temporary workers to be hired on as a regular, full-time employee. 
 ASUS and its subsidiaries had a total of 264 employees as of December 31, 2022. Fifteen of FBWS s employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the International Union of Operating Engineers. This agreement expires in September 2023. 
 Our businesses requires a combination of complex infrastructure, regulatory expertise and customer service. Ongoing development of our talent across the organization to meet critical business needs is a continual focus, and includes (i) building a culture such that high-potential talent is identified and further developed, (ii) creating career paths that not only move up a specialized ladder, but across the organization, and (iii) offering opportunities for employees to accept new challenges through stretch assignments. 
 Attracting Diverse Candidates 
 We understand that strength comes from having a diverse employee population. We strive to hire from our local communities and have a workforce that is representative, at all job levels, of the communities we serve. This begins with the recruitment process. We strive to have all aspects of employment, including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge, be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs. It is our policy not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local laws. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We pay employees a competitive and fair wage, as benchmarked with other leading companies and the market. Consistent with our principle of valuing personal mastery, we reward employees for improving their skills and capabilities. Our benefits include a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2011, a defined contribution plan for hires or rehires after December 31, 2010, a 401(k) plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts. 
 Safety and Training 
 Strong Occupational Health and Safety practices reduce injuries, keep our workforce healthy, and reduce operating costs. A safe workforce translates into better performance company-wide. We work to create a safety-focused culture in which each individual feels personally responsible for their own safety, the safety of their co-workers, as well as the safety of the communities they serve. Safety performance is included as a metric in the officer and manager compensation programs. Employees attend training in various mandated safety programs that are applicable to their operations. In addition, there are regulatory safety training requirements as well as training requirements for the Department of Transportation and training requirements for compliance with local, state, and federal environmental laws. 
 To reinforce our safety efforts and protocols, company-wide safety inspections at GSWC and BVESI are conducted with supervisors. The inspection reports are forwarded to management for review, allocation of resources are made (if needed), and corrective actions are taken. ASUS has a dedicated Safety Coordinator located at each military base installation served. The onsite Safety Coordinator is responsible for regulatory compliance, as well as beneficial health and safety monitoring functions. 
 Learning and Development 
 Compliance training is required each year, for each employee. Other types of training are offered on an optional basis. Examples of optional programs include ongoing water operations competencies and education, supervisor development, knowledge capture and management, feedback and measurements to show the value of learning solutions, and administrative oversight for various business competencies relative to mandated training and compliance requirements. We pay for approved external business-related seminars and workshops. Certain positions require employees to maintain all of their job-specific certifications, licenses and continuing education credits. 
 On a regular and ongoing basis, we require all employees to certify that they have reviewed and understand our Code of Conduct as well as our Employee Handbook. We provide harassment and prevention awareness training for all employees. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Succession Planning 
 On an annual basis, our senior management team completes a roadmap for improving human capital management by developing succession plans with the goal of achieving the most efficient alignment of resources and talent to meet business needs. This includes identifying key succession positions and potential successors for top-level positions, such as Vice Presidents, for the next ten years. 
 Recruiting, developing and retaining the right talent is key to our long-term success. With 30 of our employees eligible for retirement in the next five years, we are focused on transferring institutional knowledge, continue succession planning and pursue recruitment and development strategies to attract qualified talent. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Cyberattacks represent an increasing threat to water, wastewater and electric utility systems and thereby the safety and security of our communities. There have also been increasing threats to the information that companies maintain that have resulted in the unauthorized disclosure of private customer, employee, director and corporate financial information. 
 We have increased our investments in information technology to monitor and address these threats and attempted cyber-attacks, and to improve our posture in addressing security vulnerabilities. We have adopted multi-layered safeguards and educational measures to protect our operations, assets and digital information. Cybersecurity updates are given to the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. Quarterly cybersecurity training is required for all employees, with the topics varying each quarter. We also conduct specialized training for employees annually on protecting certain types of information relating to the work we do with the U.S. government. While we have increased our investments in information technology and in employee awareness and education to address security vulnerabilities, there can be no assurance that these measures and our efforts will prevent a cyber-attack. 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 This Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein contain forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections about future events and assumptions regarding these events and include statements regarding management s goals, beliefs, plans or current expectations, taking into account the information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts. For example, when we use words such as anticipate, believe, plan, estimate, expect, intend, may and other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes, we are making forward-looking statements. We are not able to predict all the factors that may affect future results. We caution you that any forward-looking statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results may differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements or from historical results, are described in the following section. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully read the risks described below and other information in this Form 10-K in order to understand certain of the risks of our business. 
 Overview of Risk Factors 
 We have three business segments, water utility, electric utility and contracted services, each of which are subject to different risks as further discussed below. We are also subject to risks frequently encountered by businesses of our size. 
 Regulated Water and Electric Utility Operations 
 GSWC s and BVESI s revenues depend substantially on the rates and charges we are permitted to recover from our customers and the timing of that recovery as authorized by the CPUC. Decisions of the CPUC could also result in impairment charges and customer refunds, and delays in recovering costs in rates. Some of the factors impacting our ability to obtain rate recovery on a timely basis include opposition to rate increases arising out of increased costs for replacing aging infrastructure and increased costs associated with addressing climate change risks, such as drought and wildfires in California, costs incurred in connection with complying with water quality regulations, costs incurred in connection with complying with the COVID-19 pandemic, and costs incurred in connection with obtaining and complying with franchise agreements with local governmental agencies and costs of obtaining permits from local, state and federal governmental agencies. There may also be increased customer opposition to rate increases due to customer dissatisfaction with conservation rate structures and public safety power shutdowns. 
 Our water and electric utility services are provided in California. As a result, our financial results are largely subject to political, water supply, labor, utility cost and regulatory risks, economic conditions, natural disasters (which may increase as a result of climate change), and other risks affecting California businesses. Our assets are also subject to condemnation in California. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Contract Services Operations 
 All of our utility privatization contract services are provided to the U.S. government pursuant to the terms of firm, fixed-price contracts subject to annual economic price adjustments. These contracts may be terminated or services suspended at any time for convenience of the government. We are subject to penalties for failure to conform or comply with U.S. government regulations and the terms of our contracts, and may be suspended or debarred for such failure to comply. The fees that we may charge are adjusted annually and in response to our requests for equitable adjustments. We have experienced delays in obtaining price and equitable adjustments, as well as delays in being paid by the U.S. government. 
 We are also responsible for complying with water quality and wastewater quality regulations on military bases. 
 We compete with other companies in bidding on providing utility services on military bases. We submit bids on new U.S. government contracts for military bases based on estimates of cost and potential profit. Our estimates and judgment are important, for in the event we overpay to obtain a contract, we could incur losses on it. 
 Other Business Risks 
 We may be subject to financial losses, penalties and other liabilities if we fail to operate and maintain safe work sites, equipment and facilities, including losses, damages, penalties and other liabilities arising from wildfires, other natural disasters and terrorist activities. We may not be able to recover all these losses from insurance or from ratepayers or may experience delays in obtaining recovery for these losses. 
 We are also subject to other business risks typical of our business, including: 
 Security risks, data protection and cyber-attacks that could disrupt our operations, increase our expenses, result in liabilities to third parties and damage to our reputation; 
 Failure to attract, train, develop and transition key employees with the necessary skills to replace employees who are retiring or otherwise terminate employment or to fill new positions needed to respond to the increase in public utility and environmental regulations; 
 Failure to make accurate estimates about financing and accounting matters, and in filing requests for rate increases with the CPUC or requests for price adjustments with the U.S. government or in bids on military privatization contracts; 
 Our ability to finance the significant capital expenditures required by our businesses, which could be adversely impacted by general economic and market conditions; 
 Changes in accounting, public utility, environmental and tax laws and regulations impacting our business; 
 Our inability to comply with debt covenants in our debt agreements; and 
 Final determination of our income tax liability by the federal and applicable state governments. 
 As a holding company, AWR is dependent upon dividends from its subsidiaries to pay dividends to its shareholders. The ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends is dependent upon compliance with state laws governing the payment of dividends and the terms of the debt agreements with the applicable subsidiary. 
 Climate Change 
 Climate change has resulted in increased frequency and duration of droughts, potential degradation of water quality, and changes in demand for services. More frequent and extended California drought conditions may cause increased stress on surface water supplies and groundwater basins, as well as allocations of water from the State Water Project and the Colorado River. Wholesale water suppliers may not have adequate supply during extended periods of drought, which may result in increases in prices for water delivered to us. In addition, GSWC could experience an increased use of reclaimed or recycled water by GSWC customers, in lieu of GSWC supplying potable water to these customers. Reclaimed water generally has lower tariff rates than potable water. Prolonged droughts may also result in state-ordered mandatory or voluntary conservation efforts by customers, changes in customer conservation patterns and imposition of new regulations impacting such things as landscaping and irrigation patterns. 
 These drought conditions have contributed to increases in wildfires, which has resulted in new California legislation requiring electric utilities to adopt and implement wildfire safety and mitigation plans. BVESI is incurring increased capital expenditures related to the creation and implementation of these plans. We anticipate that the costs of capital improvements necessary to implement this program will continue to increase. BVESI is also required to implement a public safety power shut-off program during high wildfire threat conditions. Shut-offs can reduce BVESI s liquidity and decrease customer satisfaction. Abnormal weather patterns created by climate change can also impact electricity demand at BVESI. The demand for electricity at our electric segment is greatly affected by winter snow levels. An increase in winter snow levels reduces the 
 9 

Table of Contents 

use of snow making machines at ski resorts in the Big Bear area and, as a result, reduces our electric revenues. Likewise, unseasonably warm weather during a skiing season may result in temperatures too high for snow making conditions, which also reduces our liquidity. Furthermore, potential future legislation efforts to ban gas powered power plants as a response to climate change may require us to replace our current 8.4 MW natural gas powered generator before its useful life is completed. 
 More extreme weather events which may result in flash flooding, mudslides and high winds which could damage our infrastructure and our customers and/or suppliers property as a result of climate change may increase our cost of maintaining our infrastructure, our ability to provide water or electric service and the demand of our services from customers whose property has been damaged. The cost of damage to our infrastructure may be somewhat mitigated if the CPUC permits us to establish a catastrophic emergency memorandum account enabling us to recover the costs incurred. 
 Risks Associated with Regulated Public Utility and Contracted Services Operations 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated and, as a result, decisions by regulatory agencies or the U.S. government can significantly affect our businesses 
 GSWC s and BVESI s revenues depend substantially on the rates and fees they charge their customers and their ability to recover costs on a timely basis as authorized by the CPUC, including the ability to recover the costs of purchased water, groundwater assessments, electricity, natural gas, chemicals, water treatment, security at water facilities and preventative maintenance and emergency repairs. Any delays by the CPUC in granting rate relief to cover increased operating and capital costs at our public utilities or delays in obtaining approval of our requests at ASUS for economic price or equitable adjustments for contracted services from the U.S. government may adversely affect our financial performance. We may file for interim rates in California in situations where there may be delays in granting final rate relief during a general rate case proceeding. If the CPUC approves lower rates, the CPUC will require us to refund to customers the difference between the interim rates and the rates approved by the CPUC. Similarly, if the CPUC approves rates that are higher than the interim rates, the CPUC may authorize us to recover the difference between the interim rates and the final rates. 
 Regulatory decisions affecting GSWC and/or BVESI may also impact prospective revenues and earnings, affect the timing of the recognition of revenues and expenses, may overturn past decisions used in determining our revenues and expenses, and could result in impairment charges and customer refunds. On August 27, 2020, the CPUC issued a final decision in the first phase of the CPUC s Order Instituting Rulemaking evaluating the low income ratepayer assistance and affordability objectives contained in the CPUC s 2010 Water Action Plan, which also addressed the continued use of the Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism WRAM and the Modified Cost Balancing Account MCBA by California water utilities. Based on the final decision, any general rate case application filed by GSWC and the other California water utilities after the August 27, 2020 effective date of this decision, may not include a proposal to continue the use of the WRAM or MCBA, but may instead include a proposal to use a limited price adjustment mechanism (the Monterey-Style WRAM) and an incremental supply cost balancing account. As a result of the August 2020 decision, the discontinuation of the WRAM and MCBA for GSWC would be effective for years after 2024. However, on September 30, 2022, the governor of California signed Senate Bill SB 1469. Effective January 1, 2023, SB 1469 allows Class A water utilities, including GSWC, to continue requesting the use of the WRAM in their next general rate case. With the passage of SB 1469, GSWC will be able to request the continued use of the WRAM in its next general rate case to be filed in 2023 that will establish new rates for the years 2025 2027. GSWC s request to continue using the WRAM in its next general rate case will be subject to CPUC approval. 
 Management continually evaluates the anticipated recovery of regulatory assets, settlement of liabilities and revenues subject to refund and provides for allowances and reserves as deemed necessary. In the event that our assessment of the probability of recovery or settlement through the ratemaking process is incorrect, we will adjust the associated regulatory asset or liability to reflect the change in our assessment or any regulatory disallowances. A change in our evaluation of the probability over the recovery of regulatory assets including a future disallowance of previously granted regulatory mechanisms, or a regulatory disallowance of all or a portion of our costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We are also, in some cases, required to estimate future expenses and, in others, we are required to incur the expense before recovering costs. As a result, our revenues and earnings may fluctuate depending on the accuracy of our estimates, the timing of our investments or expenses or other factors. If expenses increase significantly over a short period, we may experience delays in recovery of these expenses, the inability to recover carrying costs for these expenses, and increased risks of regulatory disallowances or write-offs. 
 Changes in laws, regulations and policies of regulatory agencies can significantly affect our business 
 Regulatory agencies may also change their rules and policies, which may adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. Changes in policies of the U.S. government may also adversely affect one or more of our Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, the U.S. government may be unwilling or unable to appropriate funds to pay costs mandated by changes in rules and policies of federal or state regulatory agencies. The U.S. government may disagree with the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

increases that we request and may delay approval of requests for equitable adjustment or economic price adjustments, which could adversely affect our anticipated rates of return at our contracted services business. 
 We may also be subject to fines or penalties if a regulatory agency or the U.S. government determine that we have failed to comply with laws, regulations or orders applicable to our businesses, unless we successfully appeal such an adverse determination. Regulatory agencies may also disallow recovery of certain costs if they determine they may no longer be recovered in rates, or if audit findings determine that we have failed to comply with our policies and procedures for procurement or other practices. 
 We may experience delays in receiving payments for services rendered in military bases due to delays in Congress appropriation bills or other factors affecting the available funds to pay contractors. 
 Our liquidity and earnings may be adversely affected by maintenance costs 
 Some of our infrastructure in California is aging. We have experienced leaks and mechanical problems in some of these older systems. In addition, infrastructure maintenance expenses are affected by labor and material costs and more stringent environmental regulations. Our electrical systems have also required upgrades due to aging and new wildfire safety and other compliance requirements. While we spend significant amounts on maintenance each year, these costs can increase substantially and unexpectedly. There could be an increase in infrastructure damage if California experiences more extreme weather events resulting in damage to our property. 
 We include estimated increases in maintenance costs for future years in each water and electric general rate case filed by GSWC and BVESI, respectively, for possible recovery. To the extent that these estimates understate our actual costs, we may be unable to recover all maintenance costs in rates. 
 Our assets at our regulated utilities are subject to condemnation 
 Municipalities and other governmental subdivisions may, in certain circumstances, seek to acquire certain of our assets through eminent domain proceedings. It is generally our practice to contest these proceedings, which may be costly and may temporarily divert the attention of management from the operation of our business. If a municipality or other governmental subdivision succeeds in acquiring our assets, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the assets taken or be able to recover all charges associated with the condemnation of such assets. In addition, we would no longer be entitled to any portion of the revenues generated from the use of such assets. 
 Our costs of obtaining and complying with the terms of franchise agreements are increasing 
 Cities and counties in which GSWC and BVESI operate have granted them franchises to construct, maintain and use pipes, wires and appurtenances in or along public streets and rights of way. The costs of obtaining, renewing and complying with the terms of these franchise agreements have been increasing as cities and counties attempt to regulate our operations within the boundaries of the city or unincorporated areas of the counties in which we operate. Our regulated utilities may also be required from time to time to relocate existing infrastructure in order to accommodate local infrastructure improvement projects. Cities and counties have also been imposing new fees on our operations, including pipeline abandonment fees and road-cut or other types of capital improvement fees. At the same time, there is increasing opposition from consumer groups to rate increases that may be necessary to compensate GSWC and BVESI for the increased costs of regulation by local governments. These trends may adversely affect our ability to recover in rates the costs of providing water and electric services and to efficiently manage capital expenditures and operating and maintenance expenses within CPUC-authorized levels. 
 We have also experienced instances of increased costs and delays in obtaining permits that we need in order to install, maintain, repair, and replace some of our aging water and electric utility infrastructure and upgrades needed to comply with changes in laws and regulations or otherwise necessary to harden our infrastructure as a result of drought, wildfires and increases in the frequency and duration of more extreme weather events due to climate change. 
 Adverse publicity and reputational risks can lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions 
 As a utility company, we have a large customer base and are therefore, subject to public criticism regarding, among other things, the quality and reliability of our water and electricity services, and the accuracy, timeliness and format of bills that are provided to our customers for such services. Adverse publicity and negative customer sentiment may cause regulatory authorities, including the CPUC, and other governing bodies to view us unfavorably and cause us to be susceptible to increased oversight and more stringent regulations and economic requirements. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Health, Safety and Liability Matters 
 The outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact on business and economic conditions could negatively affect our financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 outbreak, the resulting pandemic, and the impact on the economy and financial markets could adversely affect the Company s financial condition. We have continued our operations given that water, wastewater, and electric utility services are deemed essential, and have implemented health and safety measures in accordance with the guidance provided by federal, state, and local health authorities and other government officials. Although the spread of COVID-19 has lessened, we may continue to experience impacts from the pandemic that include: 
 an adverse impact on our business activities due to the ongoing shortage of skilled trade labor as well as engineering and professional staff; 
 an increase in costs as a result of our emergency measures, delayed payments from our customers and uncollectible accounts as a result of the impact on our customers ability to pay bills; 
 impact to our liquidity position and cost of and ability to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets; 
 an adverse impact on the value of our pension and retirement assets; 
 increased customer dissatisfaction due to an increase in customer wait times resulting from a rise in customer calls, and general anxiety due to personal circumstances arising from the pandemic; and 
 supply chain disruptions and delays which impacts our ability and that of our subcontractors to build and maintain our infrastructure on a timely basis. 
 The continued effects of the pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact supply chains with restrictions and limitations on business activities, impacts to labor shortages, capacity constraints, disruptions and delays. These issues may continue to place a strain on supply chains to sufficiently meet demand of the materials and supplies necessary to complete capital expenditure projects at our regulated utilities, or construction projects at our contracted services segment. While we may purchase materials and supplies upfront when appropriate, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent delays or disruptions to our capital investments or construction projects. 
 Current supply chain challenges are driving price increases for materials commonly used for construction projects. Combined with rising labor costs, the current inflationary market is leading to an increase in total cost for our capital expenditure projects. Our regulated utilities update costs as part of general rate case proceedings, and ASUS updates prices annually through economic price adjustments. However, until we receive increased funding to offset higher costs, our liquidity may be negatively impacted. 
 The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to track incremental costs, including bad debt expense in excess of what is included in their respective revenue requirements, incurred as a result of the pandemic in COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts to be filed with the CPUC for future recovery. Emergency-type memorandum accounts are well-established cost recovery mechanisms authorized as a result of a state/federal declared emergency, and are therefore recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. 
 Also, as a result of the economic effects from the pandemic, there has been a trend of elevated workforce departures and competition for talent in the United States. While we expect to see continued competition for workforce talent, Registrant has not experienced the level of increases to workforce departure that many companies in the United States has been contending with during the year. 
 Our liquidity and earnings may be adversely affected by wildfires 
 It is possible that wildfires may occur more frequently, be of longer duration or impact larger areas as a result of drought-damaged plants and trees, lower humidity or higher winds that may occur as result of changing weather patterns. Our liquidity, earnings and operations may be materially adversely affected by wildfires. We may be required to (i) incur greater costs to relocate lines or increase our trimming of trees and other plants near our electric facilities to avoid wildfires, (ii) make significant additional capital expenditures to fund the projects in BVESI s wildfire and safety mitigation plans, and (iii) bear the costs of damages to property or injuries to the public if it is determined that our power lines or other electrical equipment was a cause of such damages or injuries. In addition, wildfires may result in reduced demand if structures are destroyed or unusable following a wildfire, and may adversely affect our ability to provide water or electric service in our service areas due to public safety power shutdowns or any of our water or electric utility infrastructure is damaged by a wildfire. 
 Losses by insurance companies resulting from wildfires in California have caused insurance coverage for wildfire risks to become more expensive and coverage could become unavailable on reasonable terms, and our insurance may be inadequate 
 12 

Table of Contents 

to recover all our losses incurred in a wildfire. We might not be allowed to recover in our rates any increased costs of wildfire insurance or the costs of any uninsured wildfire losses. 
 Electric utilities in California are authorized to shut off power for public safety reasons, such as during periods of extreme fire hazard, if the utility reasonably believes that there is an imminent and significant risk that strong winds may topple power lines or cause vegetation to come into contact with power lines leading to increased risk of fire. Shut-offs can reduce BVESI s liquidity and decrease customer satisfaction. 
 These shut-offs can also adversely affect GSWC s water utility operations if the electric utilities that provide electric service to GSWC s water operations shut off power lines that deliver electricity to GSWC s water plant and equipment, thereby adversely affecting its ability to provide water service to its customers. 
 We may be held strictly liable for damages to property caused by our equipment even if we are not negligent 
 Utilities in California may be held strictly liable for damages caused by their property, such as mains, fire hydrants, power lines and other equipment, even though they were not negligent in the operation and maintenance of that property, under a doctrine known as inverse condemnation. Our liquidity, earnings and operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recover the costs of paying claims for damages caused by the non-negligent operation and maintenance of our property from customers or through insurance. 
 We may be subject to financial losses, penalties and other liabilities if we fail to maintain safe work sites, equipment or facilities 
 Our safety record is critical to our reputation. We maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, vendors and the public. Although we aim to comply with such health and safety standards, it is unlikely that we will be able to avoid all accidents or other events resulting in damage to property or the public. 
 Our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, chemicals and other regulated materials. On many sites, we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. If we fail in any respect to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees and others may be injured or die. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our operations involve the handling and storage of hazardous chemicals that, if improperly handled, stored or disposed of, could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure that we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, a failure to comply with such regulations in any respect could subject us to liability. 
 The generation, transmission and distribution of electricity are dangerous and involve inherent risks of damage to private property and injury to employees and the general public 
 Electricity is dangerous for employees and the general public should they come in contact with electrical current or equipment, including through downed power lines, sparking during high-wind events or equipment malfunctions. Injuries and property damage caused by such events may subject BVESI to significant liabilities that may not be covered or fully covered by insurance. Additionally, the CPUC has delegated to its staff the authority to issue citations, which carry a fine of 50,000 per-violation per day, to electric utilities subject to its jurisdiction for violations of safety rules found in statutes, regulations, and the General Orders of the CPUC. 
 We may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured 
 We are, from time to time, parties to legal or regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may pertain to regulatory investigations, employment matters or other disputes. Management periodically reviews its assessment of the probable outcome of these proceedings, the costs and expenses reasonably expected to be incurred, and the availability and extent of insurance coverage. On the basis of this review, management establishes reserves for such matters. We may, however, from time to time be required to pay fines, penalties or damages that exceed our insurance coverage and/or reserves if our estimate of the probable outcome of such proceedings proves to be inaccurate. 
 We maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize our potential liabilities. Generally, our insurance policies cover property, workers compensation, general liability, automobile liability, and other risks. Insurance coverage may not cover certain claims involving punitive damages. Each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. Our insurance policies also contain exclusions and other limitations that may not cover our potential liabilities. Furthermore, due to insurance market conditions resulting in tighter 
 13 

Table of Contents 

underwriting and increased premiums along with reductions in capacity, we have experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining certain insurance coverages, particularly along the general liability, umbrella and cyber insurance lines. We may experience further increased insurance costs and/or coverage reductions in future years. As a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured. 
 Uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance may not be recoverable or fully recoverable in customer rates. A loss which is not insured or not fully insured or cannot be recovered in customer rates could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in areas subject to natural disasters 
 We operate in areas that are prone to earthquakes, fires, mudslides, hurricanes, tornadoes, high winds, flooding or other natural disasters. While we maintain insurance policies to help reduce our financial exposure, a significant seismic event in southern California, where our regulated water and electric operations are concentrated, wildfires or other natural disasters in any of the areas that we serve could adversely impact our ability to deliver water and electricity or provide wastewater service, and adversely affect our costs of operations. With respect to GSWC and BVESI, the CPUC has historically allowed utilities to establish a catastrophic emergency memorandum account CEMA to potentially recover such incremental costs not covered in rates. With respect to the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries, costs associated with responding to natural disasters have been recoverable through requests for equitable adjustment. 
 Our operations may be the target of terrorist activities 
 Terrorists could seek to disrupt service to our customers by targeting our assets. We have invested in additional security for facilities throughout our regulated service areas to mitigate the risks of terrorist activities. We also may be prevented from providing water and/or wastewater services at the military bases we serve in times of military crisis affecting these bases. 
 Water Quality Regulatory Risks 
 Our costs involved in maintaining water quality and complying with environmental regulation have increased and are expected to continue to increase 
 Our capital and operating costs at GSWC may increase substantially as a result of increases in environmental regulation arising from increases in the cost of upgrading and building new water treatment plants, disposing of residuals from our water treatment plants, handling and storing hazardous chemicals, compliance-monitoring activities and securing alternative supplies when necessary. GSWC may be able to recover these costs from customers through the ratemaking process. We may also be able to recover these costs from certain third parties under settlement and contractual arrangements. Our capital and operating costs may also increase as a result of changes in laboratory detection capabilities and drinking water notification and response levels for certain substances, such as perfluoroalkyl substances PFAS used to make certain fabrics and other materials, certain fire suppression agents and used in various industrial processes. 
 Our operating costs may increase as a result of groundwater contamination 
 Our operations can be impacted by groundwater contamination in certain service territories. Historically, we have taken a number of steps to address contamination, including the removal of wells from service, decreasing the amount of groundwater pumped from wells in order to facilitate remediation of plumes of contaminated water, constructing water treatment facilities and securing alternative sources of supply from other areas not affected by the contamination. In emergency situations, we have supplied our customers with bottled water until the emergency situation has been resolved. 
 Our ability to recover these types of costs depends upon a variety of factors, including approval of rate increases, the willingness of potentially responsible parties to settle litigation and otherwise address the contamination, and the extent and magnitude of the contamination. We may recover costs from certain third parties that may be responsible, or potentially responsible, for groundwater contamination. However, we often experience delays in obtaining recovery of these costs and incur additional costs associated with seeking recovery from responsible or potentially responsible parties, which may adversely impact our liquidity. In some events, we may be unable to recover all of these costs from third parties due to the inability to identify the potentially responsible parties, the lack of financial resources of responsible parties or the high litigation costs associated with obtaining recovery from responsible or potentially responsible parties. 
 We can give no assurance regarding the adequacy of any such recovery to offset the costs associated with contamination or the cost of recovery of any legal costs. To date, the CPUC has permitted us to establish memorandum accounts for potential recovery of these types of costs when they have arisen. 
 Management believes that rate recovery, proper insurance coverage and reserves are in place to appropriately manage these types of contamination issues. However, such issues, if ultimately resolved unfavorably to us, could, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Water Supply Risks 
 The adequacy of our water supplies depends upon weather and a variety of other uncontrollable factors 
 The adequacy of our water supplies varies from year to year depending upon a variety of factors, including: 
 rainfall, basin replenishment, flood control, snow pack levels in California and the West, reservoir levels and availability of reservoir storage; 
 availability of Colorado River water and imported water from the State Water Project; 
 the amount of usable water stored in reservoirs and groundwater basins; 
 the amount of water used by our customers and others; 
 water quality; 
 legal limitations on production, diversion, storage, conveyance and use; and 
 climate change. 
 More frequent and extended California drought conditions and changes in weather patterns cause increased stress on surface water supplies and groundwater basins. In addition, low or no allocations of water from the State Water Project and court-ordered pumping restrictions on water obtained from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta decrease or eliminate the amount of water that the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California MWD and other state water contractors are able to import from northern California. 
 We have implemented tiered rates and other practices, as appropriate, in order to encourage water conservation. We have also implemented programs to assist customers in complying with water usage reductions. Over the long term, we are acting to secure additional supplies, which may include supplies from desalination and increased use of reclaimed water, where appropriate and feasible. We cannot predict the extent to which these efforts to reduce stress on our water supplies will be successful or sustainable, or the extent to which these efforts will enable us to continue to satisfy all of the water needs of our customers. Water shortages at GSWC may: 
 adversely affect our supply mix, for instance, by causing increased reliance upon more expensive water sources; 
 adversely affect our operating costs, for instance, by increasing the cost of producing water from more highly contaminated aquifers or requiring us to transport water over longer distances, truck water to water systems or adopt other emergency measures to enable us to continue to provide water service to our customers; 
 result in an increase in our capital expenditures over the long term, for example, by requiring future construction of pipelines to connect to alternative sources of supply, new wells to replace those that are no longer in service or are otherwise inadequate to meet the needs of our customers, and other facilities to conserve or reclaim water; 
 adversely affect the volume of water sold as a result of such factors as mandatory or voluntary conservation efforts by customers, changes in customer conservation patterns, recycling of water by customers and imposition of new regulations impacting such things as landscaping and irrigation patterns; 
 adversely affect aesthetic water quality if we are unable to flush our water systems as frequently due to water shortages or drought restrictions; and 
 result in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our reputation if water service is reduced, interrupted or otherwise adversely affected as a result of drought, water contamination or other causes. 
 Our liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in water supply costs 
 We obtain our water supplies for GSWC from a variety of sources, which vary among our water systems. Certain systems obtain all of their supply from water that is pumped from aquifers within our service areas; some systems purchase all of their supply from wholesale suppliers; some systems obtain their supply from treating surface water sources; and other systems obtain their supply from a combination of wells, surface water sources and/or wholesale suppliers. The cost of obtaining these supplies varies, and overall costs can be impacted as use within a system varies from time to time. As a result, our cost of providing, distributing and treating water for our customers use can vary significantly. 
 Furthermore, imported water wholesalers, such as MWD, may not always have an adequate supply of water to sell to us. Wholesale water suppliers may increase their prices for water delivered to us based on factors that affect their operating costs. Purchased water rate increases are beyond our control. 
 GSWC has implemented a modified supply cost balancing account, the MCBA, to track and recover costs from supply mix changes and rate changes by wholesale suppliers, as authorized by the CPUC. However, cash flows from operations can be 
 15 

Table of Contents 

significantly affected since much of the balance we recognize in the MCBA is collected from or refunded to customers primarily through surcharges or surcredits, respectively, generally over twelve- to twenty-four-months. 
 Our liquidity and earnings may be adversely affected by our conservation efforts 
 Our water utility business is heavily dependent upon revenue generated from rates charged to our customers based on the volume of water used. The rates we charge for water are regulated by the CPUC and may not be adequately adjusted to reflect changes in demand. Declining usage also negatively impacts our long-term operating revenues if we are unable to secure rate increases or if growth in the customer base does not occur to the extent necessary to offset per-customer usage decline. 
 Conservation by all customer classes at GSWC is a top priority. However, customer conservation will result in lower volumes of water sold. We may experience a decline in per-customer water usage due to factors such as: 
 conservation efforts to reduce costs; 
 drought conditions resulting in additional water conservation; 
 the use of more efficient household fixtures and appliances by customers to save water; 
 voluntary or mandatory changes in landscaping and irrigation patterns; 
 recycling of water by our customers; and 
 mandated water-use restrictions. 
 These types of changes may result in permanent decreases in demand even if our water supplies are sufficient to meet higher levels of demand after a drought ends. In addition, governmental restrictions on water usage during drought conditions may result in a decreased demand for water, even if our sources of supply are sufficient to serve our customers during such drought conditions. 
 We implemented the CPUC-approved WRAM at GSWC, which has the effect of stabilizing revenues at the adopted level thereby reducing the potential adverse earnings impact of our customers conservation efforts. However, cash flows from operations can be significantly affected since much of the balance we recognize in the WRAM account is collected from or refunded to customers generally over twelve-, eighteen- or twenty-four-month periods. 
 Electric Segment Operations Risks 
 Our electric segment operates in a high wildfire risk area 
 BVESI is required to adopt and implement a wildfire safety and mitigation plan that is submitted periodically to, and subject to the approval of, the CPUC. The recovery of costs incurred to implement this plan are not approved by the CPUC at the time of its approval of the wildfire mitigation plan, but will only be approved by the CPUC in a subsequent general rate case. We anticipate that the costs of capital improvements necessary to implement this program will increase substantially. 
 BVESI is also required to implement a public safety power shut-off program during high wildfire threat conditions. The CPUC may assess penalties if BVESI shuts-down power to its customers and the CPUC determines that the shutdown was not reasonably necessary in the circumstances. 
 BVESI has also obtained a safety certificate, which must be renewed annually by the CPUC. Even with an approved safety certificate, BVESI could be found liable for deaths, injuries and property damage if BVESI s electric equipment is found to have caused a catastrophic wildfire. BVESI may not be able to recover the costs of all liabilities from such a wildfire from insurance or from ratepayers. 
 Our liquidity may be adversely affected by increases in electricity and natural gas prices in California 
 We purchase most of the electric energy sold to customers in our electric customer service area from others under purchased power contracts. In addition to purchased power contracts, we purchase additional energy from the spot market to meet peak demand and following the expiration of purchased power contracts if there are delays in obtaining CPUC authorization of new purchase power contracts. We may sell surplus power to the spot market during times of reduced energy demand. As a result, our cash flows may be affected by increases in spot market prices of electricity purchased and decreases in spot market prices for electricity sold. However, BVESI has implemented a CPUC-approved supply-cost balancing account to mitigate the impact to earnings from fluctuations in supply costs. 
 Unexpected generator downtime at our 8.4 megawatt natural-gas-fueled generator or a failure to perform by any of the counterparties to our electric and natural gas purchase contracts could further increase our exposure to fluctuating natural gas and electricity prices. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Changes in electricity prices also affect the unrealized gains and losses on our block forward purchased power contracts that qualify as derivative instruments since we adjust the asset or liability on these contracts to reflect the fair market value of the contracts at the end of each month. The CPUC has authorized us to establish a memorandum account to track the changes in the fair market value of our purchased power contracts. As a result, unrealized gains and losses on these types of purchased power contracts do not impact earnings. 
 We may not be able to procure sufficient renewable energy resources to comply with CPUC rules 
 We are required to procure a portion of our electricity for BVESI from renewable energy resources to meet the CPUC s renewable procurement requirements. We have an agreement with a third party to purchase renewable energy credits, which enables us to meet these requirements through 2023. In the event that the third party fails to perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement, we may not be able to obtain sufficient resources to meet the renewable procurement requirements. We may be subject to fines and penalties by the CPUC if it determines that we are not in compliance with the renewable resource procurement rules. 
 Utility Privatization Contract Risks 
 Our contracts for servicing military bases create certain risks that are different from our public utility operations 
 We have entered into contracts to provide water and/or wastewater services at military bases pursuant to an initial 50-year firm, fixed-priced contract and additional firm, fixed-price contracts, subject to termination, in whole or in part, for the convenience of the U.S. government. In addition, the U.S. government may stop work under the terms of one or more of the contracts, delay performance of our obligations under the contracts or modify the contracts at its convenience. 
 Our contract pricing is based on a number of assumptions, including assumptions about the condition and amount of infrastructure at the military bases, prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials. We may be unable to recover all costs if any of these assumptions are inaccurate or if all costs incurred in connection with performing the work were not considered. Our contracts are also subject to annual economic price adjustments or other changes permitted by the terms of the contracts. Prices are also subject to equitable adjustment based upon changes in circumstances, laws or regulations and service-requirement changes to the extent provided in each of the contracts. 
 We are required to record all costs under these types of contracts as they are incurred. As a result, we may record losses associated with unanticipated conditions that result in higher than estimated costs, higher than anticipated infrastructure levels, and required emergency work at the time such expenses occur. We recognize additional revenue for such work as, and to the extent that, our economic price adjustments and/or requests for equitable adjustments are approved. Delays in obtaining approval of economic price adjustments and/or equitable adjustments can negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Certain payments under these contracts are subject to appropriations by Congress. We may experience delays in receiving payment or delays in price adjustments due to canceled or delayed appropriations specific to our projects, reductions in government spending for the military generally or military-base operations specifically or other delays in Congress approving appropriations. Appropriations and the timing of payment may be influenced by, among other things, the state of the economy, competing political priorities, budget constraints, the timing and amount of tax receipts, government shutdowns and the overall level of government expenditures. 
 Our contracts for the construction of infrastructure improvements on military bases create risks that are different from those of our public utility operations and maintenance activities 
 We have entered into contract modifications with the U.S. government and agreements with third parties for the construction of new water and/or wastewater infrastructure at the military bases on which we operate. Most of these contracts are firm fixed-price contracts. Under firm fixed-price contracts, we will benefit from cost savings, but are generally unable (except for changes in scope or circumstances approved by the U.S. government or third party) to recover any cost overruns to the approved contract price. Under most circumstances, the U.S. government or third party has approved increased-cost change orders due to changes in scope of work performed. 
 We generally recognize contract revenues from these types of contracts over time using input methods to measure progress towards satisfying a performance obligation. The measurement of performance over time is based on cost incurred relative to total estimated costs, or the physical completion of the construction projects. The earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on periodic estimates of contract revenues, costs and profitability as these construction projects progress. 
 We establish prices for these types of firm fixed-price contracts and the overall 50-year contract taken as a whole, based, in part, on cost estimates that are subject to a number of assumptions, including assumptions regarding future economic 
 17 

Table of Contents 

conditions. If these estimates prove inaccurate or circumstances change, cost overruns could have a material adverse effect on our contracted business operations and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by disputes with the U.S. government regarding our performance of contracted services on military bases 
 Entering into contracts with the U.S. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks over our performance of contracted services on military bases. We are periodically audited or reviewed by the Defense Contract Auditing Agency DCAA ), the Defense Contract Management Agency DCMA ), the Department of Labor DOL ), the Defense Logistics Agency Energy DLAE ), and/or the Department of Justice DOJ for compliance with federal acquisition regulations, cost-accounting standards and other laws, regulations and standards that are not applicable to the operations of GSWC or BVESI. During the course of these audits/reviews, the U.S. government may question our incurred project costs or the manner in which we have accounted for such costs and recommend to our U.S. government administrative contracting officer that such costs be disallowed. If there is a dispute with the U.S. government regarding performance under these contracts or the amounts owed to us, the U.S. government may delay, reject or withhold payment, delay price adjustments or assert its right to offset damages against amounts owed to us. If we are unable to collect amounts owed to us on a timely basis or the U.S. government asserts its offset rights, profits and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Moreover, we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement statutes and security regulations. If we are charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, or if we fail to comply with the terms of one or more of our U.S. government contracts, other agreements with the U.S. government or U.S. government statutes and regulations, our existing contracts could be terminated or we could be suspended or barred from future U.S. government contracts for a period of time, and be subject to possible damages, fines and penalties as well as damage to our reputation in the water and wastewater industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We depend, to some extent, upon subcontractors to assist us in the performance of contracted services on military bases 
 We rely, to some extent, on subcontractors to assist us in the operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at military bases. The failure of any of these subcontractors to perform services for us in accordance with the terms of our contracts with the U.S. government could result in the termination of our contract to provide water and/or wastewater services at the affected base(s), and/or a loss of revenues, or increases in costs, to correct a subcontractor s performance failures. 
 We are also required to make a good faith effort to achieve our small business subcontracting plan goals pursuant to U.S. government regulations. If we fail to use good faith efforts to meet these goals, the U.S. government may assess damages against us at the end of the contract. The U.S. government has the right to offset claimed damages against any amounts owed to us. 
 We also rely on third-party manufacturers, as well as third-party subcontractors, to complete our construction projects. To the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials, our ability to complete a project in a timely fashion or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount of costs we incur for these projects exceeds the amount we have estimated in our bids, we could experience reduced profits or losses in the performance of these contracts. In addition, if a subcontractor or manufacturer is unable to deliver its services, equipment or materials according to the negotiated terms for any reason, including the deterioration of its financial condition, we may be required to purchase the services, equipment or materials from another source at a higher price. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the services, equipment or materials were needed. 
 If subcontractors fail to perform services to be provided to us or fail to provide us with the proper equipment or materials, we may be penalized for their failure to perform; however, our contracts with subcontractors include certain protective provisions, which may include the assessment of liquidated damages. We also mitigate these risks by requiring our subcontractors, as appropriate, to obtain performance bonds and to compensate us for any penalties we may be required to pay as a result of their failure to perform. 
 We may not be fully reimbursed for all of our construction costs or may only receive payment on a delayed basis 
 Unlike GSWC and BVESI, who recover their capital investments from customers over the life of the assets through annual depreciation and earn a return on such investments through the ratemaking process, ASUS is reimbursed for the cost of ongoing renewal and replacement construction projects plus a profit through the collection of a monthly cash stream under each of the contracts with the U.S. government. ASUS also receives funding from the U.S. government for initial and other new construction projects at the military bases it serves that, in many cases, are outside the scope of contracts with the U.S. government and are granted through firm-fixed contract modifications. Our Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries expect to continue incurring significant construction costs. Reimbursement by the U.S government for these construction costs may not 
 18 

Table of Contents 

be fully reimbursable if the costs incurred are greater than the amounts estimated and approved by the U.S. government, or payments may be delayed awaiting government funding and processing, which could significantly affect our cash flows from operations. 
 Other Contracted Services Segment Risks 
 Risks associated with wastewater systems are different from those of our water distribution operations 
 The wastewater-collection-system operations of our ASUS subsidiaries providing wastewater services on military bases are subject to substantial regulation and involve significant environmental risks. If collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. The cost of addressing such damages may not be recoverable. This risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are common causes of sewer overflows and system failures. These risks may be increased as a result of an increase in the duration and frequency of storms due to climate change. Liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the event that we are deemed liable for any damage caused by overflows, our losses may not be recoverable under our contracts with the U.S. government or covered by insurance policies. We may also find it difficult to secure insurance for this business in the future at acceptable rates. 
 We may have responsibility for water quality at the military bases we serve 
 While it is the responsibility of the U.S. government to provide the source of water supply to meet the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries water distribution system requirements under their contracts with the U.S. government, the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries, as the water system permit holders for most of the bases they serve, are responsible for ensuring the continued compliance of the provided source of supply with all federal, state and local regulations. We believe, however, that the terms of the contracts between the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries and the U.S. government provide the opportunity for us to recover costs incurred in the treatment or remediation of any quality issue that arises from the source of water supply. 
 Our earnings may be affected, to some extent, by weather during different seasons 
 Seasonal weather conditions, such as hurricanes, heavy rainfall or significant winter storms, occasionally cause temporary office closures and/or result in temporary halts to construction activity at military bases. To the extent that our construction activities are impeded by these events, we will experience a delay in recognizing revenues from these construction projects. 
 We continue to incur costs associated with the expansion of our contract activities 
 We continue to incur additional costs in connection with the expansion of our contract operations associated with the preparation of bids for new contract operations on prospective and existing military bases. Our ability to recover these costs and to earn a profit on our contract operations will depend upon the extent to which we are successful in obtaining new contracts and recovering these costs and other costs from new contract revenues. 
 We face intense competition for new military privatization contracts 
 An important part of our growth strategy is the expansion of our contracted services business through new contract awards to serve additional military bases for the U.S. government. ASUS competes with other investor-owned utilities, municipalities, and other entities for these contracts. 
 Additionally, the U.S. government periodically reviews the cost and overall effectiveness of the military privatization program. Should these reviews prompt a decision to curtail or eliminate the issuance of solicitations for future military privatization contract awards, the potential for growth in this segment could be negatively impacted. 
 Information Technology Risk Factors 
 We must successfully maintain and/or upgrade our information technology systems as we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of these systems 
 We rely on various information technology systems to manage our operations. Such systems require periodic modifications, upgrades and/or replacement, which subject us to inherent costs and risks, including potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administrative and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the new systems, and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems. In addition, the difficulties with implementing new technology systems may cause disruptions in our business operations and have an adverse effect on our business and operations, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

We rely on our computer, information and communications technology systems in connection with the operation of our business, especially with respect to customer service and billing, accounting and the monitoring and operation of our treatment, storage and pumping facilities. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by weather, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, cyberattacks or acts of war or terrorism or similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, or delay or prevent operations and adversely affect our financial results and could result in liabilities not covered by insurance or recoverable in rates for misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data and the impact of operational disruptions on our customers. 
 Security risks, data protection breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt our internal operations, and any such disruption could increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price 
 There have been an increasing number of cyberattacks on companies around the world, which have caused operational failures or compromised sensitive corporate or customer data. These attacks have occurred over the internet, through malware, viruses or attachments to e-mails, or through persons inside the organization or with access to systems inside the organization. Although we do not believe that our systems are at a materially greater risk of cyber security attacks than other similar organizations, our information technology systems remain at risk to damage or interruption from: 
 supply chain attacks; 
 ransomware; 
 malware; 
 hacking; and 
 denial of service actions. 
 We have implemented security measures and will continue to devote significant resources to improve our security posture to address any security vulnerabilities in an effort to prevent cyberattacks. Despite our efforts, due to the evolving nature of cyberattacks and vulnerabilities, we cannot be assured that a cyberattack will not cause water, wastewater or electric system problems, disrupt service to our customers, compromise important data or systems or result in unintended release of customer or employee information. Moreover, if a security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of sensitive data, our reputation could be materially damaged. We may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach. We could also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. In addition, pursuant to U.S. government regulations regarding cybersecurity of government contractors, we might be subject to fines, penalties or other actions, including debarment, with respect to current contracts or with respect to future contract opportunities. We maintain cybersecurity insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss caused by a breach. Other costs associated with cyber events may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates. The market for cybersecurity insurance continues to evolve and may affect the future availability of cyber insurance at reasonable rates. 
 In addition, we must comply with privacy rights regulations such as The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), a state statute that became effective January 1, 2020, which enhances the privacy rights and consumer protections for California residents. Among other things, the CCPA establishes statutory damages for victims of data security breaches, and provides additional rights for consumers to obtain their data from any business that has their personally identifying information. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the CCPA could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation. 
 Human Capital Management and Supply Risks 
 Failure to attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees could adversely affect our business 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, and develop key employees, including those in managerial, operational, financial, regulatory, business-development and information-technology support positions. Our regulated business and contracted services operations are complex. Attracting and retaining high quality staff allows us to minimize the cost of providing quality service. In order to attract and retain key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package and be able to effectively recruit qualified candidates. This is especially challenging for us since approximately 30 of our employees will be eligible to retire in the next five years. The failure to successfully hire key employees or the loss of a material number of key employees could have a significant impact on the quality of our operations in the short term. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully transition key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Failure of our employees to maintain required certifications and licenses or to complete required compliance training could adversely impact our ability to operate and maintain our utility systems and provide services to our customers 
 Many of our employees must have specialized certifications and licenses in order to perform their duties and periodically complete required compliance training. Our business could be adversely affected if our employees do not maintain their certifications and licenses or we are unable to attract employees with the necessary certifications and licenses. 
 Other Business Risk Factors 
 The accuracy of our judgments and estimates about financial and accounting matters will impact our operating results and financial condition 
 The quality and accuracy of estimates and judgments used have an impact on our operating results and financial condition. If our estimates are not accurate, we will be required to make an adjustment in a future period. We make certain estimates and judgments in preparing our financial statements regarding, among others: 
 timing of recovering WRAM and MCBA regulatory assets; 
 amounts to set aside for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventory obsolescence and uninsured losses; 
 our legal exposure and the appropriate accrual for claims, including general liability and workers compensation claims; 
 future costs and assumptions for pensions and other post-retirement benefits; 
 regulatory recovery of deferred items; and 
 possible tax uncertainties. 
 Market conditions and demographic changes may adversely impact the value of our benefit plan assets and liabilities 
 Market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. For example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. To the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could materially increase, which could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows. Further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions may also increase the funding requirements of our obligations related to the pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. 
 Market conditions also affect the values of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. These assets are subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected rates of return. A decline in the market value of our pension and other post-retirement benefit plan assets will increase the funding requirements under these plans if future returns on these assets are insufficient to offset the decline in value. Future increases in pension and other post-retirement costs as a result of the reduced value of plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, and our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected. These risks are mitigated to some extent by the two-way pension balancing accounts authorized by the CPUC, which permits us to track differences between forecasted annual pension expense adopted in water and electric rates and actual pension expenses for future recovery or refund to customers. 
 Our business requires significant capital expenditures and our inability to access the capital or financial markets could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs and long-term commitments, which could adversely impact our operations and financial results 
 The utility business is capital intensive. We spend significant sums of money for additions to, or replacement of, our property, plant and equipment at our water and electric regulated utilities. We obtain funds for these capital projects from operations, contributions by developers and others, and refundable advances from developers (which are repaid over a period of time). We also periodically borrow money or issue equity for these purposes. In addition, we have revolving credit facilities that are partially used for these purposes. We cannot provide assurance that these sources will continue to be adequate or that the cost of funds will remain at levels permitting us to earn a reasonable rate of return. 
 As our capital investment program continues to increase, coupled with the elimination of bonus depreciation for regulated utilities due to tax reform, we will need access to external financing more often, which increases our exposure to market conditions. In addition to cash flow from operations, we rely primarily on our credit facilities and long-term private placement notes to satisfy our liquidity needs. Changes in market conditions, including events beyond our control such as recent increases to interest rates, could limit our ability to access capital on terms favorable to us or at all, including credit facilities 
 21 

Table of Contents 

with the borrowing capacities needed as well as issuing long-term debt. As a result, the amount of capital available may not be sufficient to meet all our liquidity needs at a reasonable cost at all of our subsidiaries. 
 The price of our Common Shares may be volatile and may be affected by market conditions beyond our control 
 The trading price of our Common Shares may fluctuate in the future because of the volatility of the stock market and a variety of other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Common Shares include: changes in interest rates; regulatory developments; general economic conditions and trends; price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market; actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts; actual or anticipated developments in other utilities businesses or the competitive landscape generally; litigation involving us or our industry; major catastrophic events, or sales of large blocks of our stock. 
 Payment of our debt may be accelerated if we fail to comply with restrictive covenants in our debt agreements 
 Our failure to comply with restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could result in an event of default. If the default is not cured or waived, we may be required to repay or refinance the debt before it becomes due. Even if we are able to obtain waivers from our creditors, we may only be able to do so on unfavorable terms. 
 AWR is a holding company that depends on cash flow from its subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its Common Shares 
 As a holding company, our subsidiaries conduct substantially all operations and our only significant assets are investments in our subsidiaries. This means that we are dependent on distributions of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our debt service obligations and to pay dividends on our Common Shares. 
 Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and generally have no obligation to pay any amounts due on AWR s credit facility. Our subsidiaries only pay dividends if and when declared by the respective subsidiary board. Moreover, GSWC and BVESI are obligated to give first priority to their own capital requirements and to maintain capital structures consistent with those determined to be reasonable by the CPUC in its most recent decisions on capital structure for both GSWC and BVESI in order for customers to not be adversely affected by the holding company structure. Furthermore, our right to receive cash or other assets in the unlikely event of liquidation or reorganization of any of our subsidiaries is generally subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary. If we are unable to obtain funds from a subsidiary in a timely manner, we may be unable to meet our financial obligations, make additional investments or pay dividends. 
 The final determination of our income tax liability may be materially different from our income tax provision 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Our calculation of the provision for income taxes is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file. In addition, our income tax returns are subject to periodic examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. 
 Although we believe our income tax estimates are appropriate, there is no assurance that the final determination of our current taxes payable will not be materially different, either higher or lower, from the amounts reflected in our financial statements. In the event we are assessed additional income taxes, our financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Our operations are geographically concentrated in California 
 Although we operate water and wastewater facilities in a number of states under our contracted services business, our regulated water and electric operations are concentrated in California, particularly Southern California. As a result, our financial results are largely subject to political, water supply, labor, utility cost and regulatory risks, economic conditions, natural disasters (which may increase as a result of climate change) and other risks affecting California. Our financial results may also be impacted by population growth or decline in our service areas. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 Water Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, GSWC s physical properties consisted of water transmission and distribution systems, which included 2,864 miles of pipeline together with services, meters and fire hydrants, and approximately 450 parcels of land generally less than 1 acre each, on which are located wells, pumping plants, reservoirs and other water utility facilities, including three surface water treatment plants. GSWC also has franchises, easements and other rights of way for the purpose of accessing wells and tanks and constructing and using pipes and appurtenances for transmitting and distributing water. All of GSWC s properties are located in California. 
 As of December 31, 2022, GSWC owned 242 wells, of which 170 are active operable wells equipped with pumps with an aggregate production capacity of approximately 169 million gallons per day. GSWC has 58 connections to the water distribution facilities of the MWD, and other municipal water agencies. GSWC s storage reservoirs and tanks have an aggregate capacity of approximately 116.6 million gallons. GSWC owns no dams. The following table provides, in greater detail, information regarding the water utility plant of GSWC: 
 Pumps Distribution Facilities Reservoirs Well Booster Mains Services Hydrants Tanks Capacity 242 387 2,864 263,244 26,698 143 116.6 (1) 
 
 Reservoir capacity is measured in millions of gallons. Mains are in miles. 
 (1) GSWC has additional capacity in its Bay Point system, through an exclusive capacity right to use 4.4 million gallons per day from a treatment plant owned by Contra Costa Water District. GSWC also has additional reservoir capacity through an exclusive right-to-use all of one 8 million gallon reservoir, one-half of another 8 million gallon reservoir, and one-half of a treatment plant s capacity, all owned by Three Valleys Municipal Water District. 
 Electric Properties 
 BVESI s properties are located in the Big Bear area of San Bernardino County, California. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI owned and operated approximately 87.80 miles of overhead 34.5 kilovolt (kv) sub-transmission lines (8.96 circuit miles are insulated), 6.49 miles of underground 34.5 kv sub-transmission lines, 492.17 miles of overhead 4.16 kv or 2.4 kv distribution lines (12.15 circuit miles are insulated), 113.57 miles of underground cable, 13 sub-stations and a natural gas-fueled 8.4 MW peaking generation facility. BVESI also has franchises, easements and other rights of way for the purpose of constructing and using poles, wires and other appurtenances for transmitting electricity. 
 Adjudicated and Other Water Rights 
 GSWC owns groundwater and surface water rights in California. Groundwater rights are further subject to classification as either adjudicated or unadjudicated rights. Adjudicated rights have been established through comprehensive litigation in the courts, and the annual extraction quantities and use of the adjudicated rights are often subject to the provisions of the judgment for that particular groundwater basin. Additionally, as a result of the adjudication, many of these groundwater basins are managed by a watermaster that is charged with enforcing the provisions of the judgment, which may include determining operating safe yields based on the water supply conditions of the groundwater basin. 
 GSWC actively manages its adjudicated groundwater rights portfolio with the goal of optimizing and making this source of supply sustainable. Unadjudicated rights are subject to further regulation by the State Water Resources Control Board SWRCB and the California Department of Water Resources. Surface water rights are quantified and managed by the SWRCB, unless the surface water rights originated prior to 1914. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC had adjudicated groundwater rights and surface water rights of 70,176 and 11,335 acre-feet per year, respectively. GSWC also has a number of unadjudicated groundwater rights, which have not been quantified, but are typically measured by historical usage. 
 Office Buildings 
 GSWC owns its general headquarters facility in San Dimas, California. GSWC also owns and leases customer service offices and office space throughout California. BVESI owns office space in California. ASUS leases office facilities in Georgia, Virginia, and North Carolina, and owns service centers in Florida, Maryland, South Carolina, Virginia, Texas, North Carolina and Kansas. 
 Mortgage and Other Liens 
 As of December 31, 2022, neither AWR, GSWC, BVESI, ASUS, nor any of its subsidiaries, had any mortgage debt or liens securing indebtedness outstanding. Under the terms of certain debt instruments, AWR, GSWC and BVESI are prohibited from issuing any secured debt, without providing equal and ratable security to the holders of this existing debt. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Condemnation of Properties 
 The laws of the state of California provide for the acquisition of public utility property by governmental agencies through their power of eminent domain, also known as condemnation, where doing so constitutes a more necessary use. In addition, these laws provide that the owner of utility property (i) may contest whether the condemnation is actually necessary, and (ii) is entitled to receive the fair market value of its property if the property is ultimately taken. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Registrant is subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business, some of which may include claims for compensatory and punitive damages. Management believes that rate recovery, proper insurance coverage and reserves are in place to insure against, among other things, property, general liability, employment, and workers compensation claims incurred in the ordinary course of business. Insurance coverage may not cover certain claims involving punitive damages. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative 5-Year total return of American States Water Company s Common Shares with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 index and a customized peer group of seven water utilities that includes: American Water Works Company Inc., Essential Utilities Inc., Artesian Resources Corporation, California Water Service Group, Middlesex Water Co, York Water Co. and SJW Group. In accordance with SEC guidance, the returns of the seven utilities included in the peer group are weighted according to their respective market capitalizations. 
 An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Common Shares, and in the common stock in the index and in the peer group on December 31, 2017. Relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. 
 
 12/2017 12/2018 12/2019 12/2020 12/2021 12/2022 American States Water Company 100.00 117.91 154.69 144.23 190.76 173.70 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 Peer Group 100.00 98.85 133.37 156.07 192.70 164.94 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Market Information Relating to Common Shares 
 Common Shares of American States Water Company are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol AWR. The intraday high and low NYSE prices on the Common Shares for each quarter during the past two years were: 
 Stock Prices High Low 2022 First Quarter 103.44 81.26 Second Quarter 92.80 71.22 Third Quarter 91.02 77.91 Fourth Quarter 100.51 77.98 2021 First Quarter 83.05 70.07 Second Quarter 83.75 75.34 Third Quarter 94.96 79.57 Fourth Quarter 103.77 84.93 
 The closing price of the Common Shares of American States Water Company on the NYSE on February 28, 2023 was 89.30. 
 Approximate Number of Holders of Common Shares 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were 1,950 holders of record of the 36,969,622 outstanding Common Shares of American States Water Company. AWR owns all of the outstanding Common Shares of GSWC, BVESI and ASUS. ASUS owns all of the outstanding stock of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. 
 Frequency and Amount of Any Dividends Declared and Dividend Restrictions 
 For the last two years, AWR has paid dividends on its Common Shares on or about March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1. The following table lists the amounts of dividends paid on Common Shares of American States Water Company: 
 2022 2021 First Quarter 0.3650 0.335 Second Quarter 0.3650 0.335 Third Quarter 0.3975 0.365 Fourth Quarter 0.3975 0.365 Total 1.5250 1.400 
 AWR s ability to pay dividends is subject to the requirement in its revolving credit facility to maintain compliance with all covenants described in Note 9 Bank Debt included in Part II, Item 8, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . GSWC is prohibited under the terms of its senior notes from paying dividends if, after giving effect to the dividend, its total indebtedness to capitalization ratio (as defined) would be more than 0.6667-to-1. GSWC would have to issue additional debt of 746.4 million to invoke this covenant as of December 31, 2022. 
 Under California law, AWR, GSWC, BVESI and ASUS are each permitted to distribute dividends to its shareholders and repurchase its shares so long as the Board of Directors determines, in good faith, that either: (i) the value of the corporation s assets equals or exceeds the sum of its total liabilities immediately after the dividend, or (ii) its retained earnings equals or exceeds the amount of the distribution. 
 Under the least restrictive of the California tests, approximately 709.5 million was available to pay dividends to AWR s common shareholders and repurchase shares from AWR s common shareholders at December 31, 2022. Approximately 643.9 million was available for GSWC to pay dividends to AWR at December 31, 2022, and approximately 64.9 million was available for BVESI to pay dividends to AWR at December 31, 2022. BVESI has a separate revolving credit facility, and its ability to pay dividends is subject to the requirement in the credit agreement to maintain compliance with all covenants described in Note 9 Bank Debt . 
 26 

Table of Contents 

ASUS s ability to pay dividends to AWR is dependent upon the ability of each of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries to pay dividends to ASUS under applicable state law as well as ASUS s ability to pay dividends under California law. 
 AWR paid 56.4 million in dividends to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 51.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. GSWC paid dividends of 27.0 million and 38.3 million to AWR in 2022 and 2021, respectively. BVESI paid dividends of 14.7 million during 2022, and did not pay dividends to AWR in 2021. ASUS paid dividends of 14.7 million in 2022, and did not pay dividends to AWR in 2021. 
 Other Information 
 The shareholders of AWR have approved the material features of all equity-compensation plans under which AWR directly issues equity securities. AWR did not directly issue any unregistered equity securities during 2022. 
 The following table provides information about AWR repurchases of its Common Shares during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (1)(3) October 1 - 31, 2022 13,228 80.12 November 1 - 30, 2022 197 96.82 December 1 - 31, 2022 2,332 98.18 Total 15,757 (2) 83.00 
 
 (1) None of the Common Shares were repurchased pursuant to any publicly announced stock repurchase program. 
 (2) Of these amounts, 12,996 Common Shares were acquired on the open market for employees pursuant to the 401(k) Plan. The remainder of the shares were acquired on the open market for participants in the Common Share Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 
 (3) Neither the 401(k) plan nor the Common Share Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan contains a maximum number of common shares that may be purchased in the open market. 
 
 Item 6. (Reserved) 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information on AWR s consolidated operations and assets, and includes specific references to AWR s individual segments and its subsidiaries (GSWC, BVESI, and ASUS and its subsidiaries), and AWR (parent) where applicable. The subsidiaries of ASUS are collectively referred to as the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. 
 Included in the following analysis is a discussion of Registrant s operations in terms of earnings per share by business segment and AWR (parent), which equals each business segment s earnings divided by AWR s weighted average number of diluted common shares. Furthermore, the gains and losses generated on the investments held to fund one of the Company s retirement plans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been excluded and the retroactive impact of new 2022 water rates not yet recorded due to the delay in receiving a final decision from the CPUC, which will be retroactive to January 1, 2022 when approved, have been included to calculate adjusted diluted earnings per share when communicating AWR s consolidated and its water segment s results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to help facilitate comparisons of AWR s performance from period to period. Diluted earnings per share by business segment and adjusted diluted earnings per share constitute non-GAAP financial measures under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, which supplement our GAAP disclosures but should not be considered as an alternative to the respective GAAP measures. Furthermore, the non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures of other registrants. All of these measures are derived from consolidated financial information of the Registrant, but are not presented in our financial statements that are prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 AWR uses earnings per share by business segment as an important measure in evaluating its operating results and believes it provides investors with clarity surrounding the performance of its segments. AWR reviews this measurement regularly and compares it to historical periods and to its operating budget. A reconciliation to AWR s consolidated diluted earnings per share prepared in accordance with GAAP is included in the discussion under the section titled Summary Results by Segment . 
 
 Overview 
 Factors affecting our financial performance are summarized under the Overview section in Item 1. Business and Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Water and Electric Segments: 
 GSWC s and BVESI s revenues, operating income, and cash flows are earned primarily through delivering potable water to homes and businesses in California and electricity in the Big Bear area of San Bernardino County, California, respectively. Rates charged to GSWC and BVESI customers are determined by the CPUC. These rates are intended to allow recovery of operating costs and a reasonable rate of return on capital. GSWC and BVESI plan to continue seeking additional rate increases in future years from the CPUC to recover operating and supply costs, and receive reasonable returns on invested capital. Capital expenditures in future years at GSWC and BVESI are expected to remain at substantially higher levels than depreciation expense. When necessary, GSWC and BVESI may obtain funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. 
 General Rate Case Filings and Other Matters : 
 Water General Rate Case for years 2022 - 2024: 
 In July 2020, GSWC filed a general rate case application for all of its water regions and its general office. This general rate case will determine new water rates for the years 2022 2024. In November 2021, GSWC and the Public Advocates Office at the CPUC Public Advocates filed with the CPUC a joint motion to adopt a settlement agreement between GSWC and Public Advocates on this general rate case application. The settlement agreement, if approved, resolves all issues related to the 2022 annual revenue requirement in the general rate case application, leaving only three unresolved issues. Among other things, the settlement authorizes GSWC to invest approximately 404.8 million in capital infrastructure over the three-year cycle. The settlement also authorizes GSWC to complete certain advice letter capital projects approved in the last general rate case, which have been completed for a total capital investment of 9.4 million. The additional annual revenue requirements generated from these capital investments total 1.2 million and became effective February 15, 2022. Advice letter projects are filed for revenue recovery only when the projects are completed. 
 Excluding the advice letter project revenues, the amounts included in the settlement agreement would increase the 2022 adopted revenues by approximately 30.3 million, or 0.59 per share, as compared to the 2021 adopted revenues, and increase the 2022 adopted supply costs by 9.6 million, or 0.19 per share, as compared to the 2021 adopted supply costs, which combined is an increase of 0.40 per share. The settlement agreement also allows for the potential of additional increases in adopted revenues for 2023 and 2024 subject to an earnings test and changes to the forecasted inflationary index values. 
 28 

The three remaining unresolved issues relate to GSWC s requests for: (i) a medical insurance cost balancing account, (ii) a general liability insurance cost balancing account, and (iii) the consolidation of two of GSWC s customer service areas. GSWC and Public Advocates have filed briefs with the CPUC on these unsettled issues. A proposed decision will address the three unresolved issues along with the settlement agreement filed by GSWC and Public Advocates. Pending a final decision on this general rate case application, GSWC filed with the CPUC for interim rates that will make the new 2022 rates, once approved in a CPUC final decision, effective January 1, 2022. In January 2023, the CPUC issued a decision that approved a second extension of the statutory deadline for a final decision in the water general rate case proceeding to April 7, 2023. 
 
 Due to the delay in finalizing the water general rate case, water revenues billed and recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a final decision by the CPUC. When approved, the new rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2022 and cumulative adjustments will be recorded upon receiving a decision by the CPUC that approves the settlement agreement. Had the new 2022 water rates been approved and effective January 1, 2022 consistent with the settlement agreement reached between GSWC and Public Advocates, GSWC would have recorded the additional revenues of 30.3 million, or 0.59 per share, and the additional water supply costs of 9.6 million, or 0.19 per share, per the settlement agreement previously discussed, as well as an additional reduction to revenues of 1.1 million, or 0.02 per share, to reflect the incremental impact of revenues subject to refund from the new 2022 rates as a result of the lower cost of debt in the pending cost of capital proceeding discussed below, which all combined would have been 0.38 per share higher than what was actually recorded for the year of 2022. 
 Cost of Capital Proceeding : 
 Investor-owned water utilities serving California are required to file their cost of capital applications on a triennial basis. GSWC filed a cost of capital application with the CPUC in May 2021 currently pending approval, which requested a capital structure of 57 equity and 43 debt, a return on equity of 10.5 , an embedded cost of debt of 5.1 , and a return on rate base of 8.18 . Hearings on this proceeding occurred in May 2022 and briefs were filed in June 2022. 
 The 5.1 cost of debt requested in the pending cost of capital proceeding is lower than the previously authorized amount of 6.6 . The new cost of debt is expected to lower 2022 adopted water revenues by approximately 7.5 million, or 0.15 per share, as compared to 2021 adopted water revenues at the currently authorized cost of debt of 6.6 that is presently being billed to water customers until a final decision is issued in this proceeding. Based on management s analysis of this regulatory proceeding and associated accounting to date, for the year ended December 31, 2022, GSWC reduced revenues by 6.4 million, or approximately 0.13 per share, based on 2021 billed rates and recorded a corresponding regulatory liability for revenues subject to refund based on its best estimate at this time, which includes the impact of GSWC s lower cost of debt requested in its application. However, management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the cost of capital application and the associated impact on 2022 revenues. Changes in estimates will be made, if necessary, as more information in this proceeding becomes available. Due to the delay in finalizing the water general rate case previously discussed, water revenues billed and recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates and, therefore, an additional reduction of 1.1 million, or 0.02 per share, will be recorded once a decision is approved in the general rate case to reflect the incremental impact of revenues subject to refund from the new 2022 rates resulting from the lower cost of debt in the pending cost of capital proceeding. 
 In the pending cost of capital proceeding, GSWC requested authorization to continue the Water Cost of Capital Mechanism WCCM ). The WCCM adjusts return on equity and rate of return on rate base between the three-year cost of capital proceedings only if there is a positive or negative change of more than 100 basis points in the average of the Moody s Aa utility bond rate as measured over the period October 1 through September 30. If there is a positive or negative change of more than 100 basis points, the return on equity is adjusted by one half of the difference. For the period from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022, the Moody s rate increased by more than 100 basis points from the benchmark, which triggered the WCCM adjustment. The WCCM is expected to be addressed by the CPUC in the pending proposed decision. 
 Final Decision in the First Phase of the Low-Income Affordability Rulemaking: 
 In August 2020, the CPUC issued a final decision in the first phase of the CPUC s Order Instituting Rulemaking evaluating the low income ratepayer assistance and affordability objectives contained in the CPUC s 2010 Water Action Plan. This decision also addressed other issues, including the discontinued use of the Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism WRAM and the Modified Cost Balancing Account MCBA ). The MCBA is a full-cost balancing account used to track the difference between adopted and actual water supply costs (including the effects of changes in both rates and volume). Based on the final decision, any general rate case application filed by GSWC and the other California water utilities after August 27, 2020 may not include a proposal to continue the use of the WRAM or MCBA, but may instead include a proposal to use a limited price adjustment mechanism and an incremental supply cost balancing account. Since its implementation in 2008, the WRAM and MCBA have helped mitigate fluctuations in GSWC s earnings due to changes in water consumption by its customers or changes in water supply mix. Replacing them with mechanisms recommended in the final decision will likely 
 29 

result in more volatility in GSWC s future earnings and could result in less than, or more than, full recovery of its authorized revenue and supply costs. 
 As a result of the August 2020 decision, the discontinuation of the WRAM and MCBA for GSWC would be effective for years after 2024. However, on September 30, 2022, the governor of California signed Senate Bill SB 1469. Effective January 1, 2023, SB 1469 allows Class A water utilities, including GSWC, to continue requesting the use of the WRAM in their next general rate case. With the passage of SB 1469, GSWC will be able to request the continued use of the WRAM in its next general rate case to be filed in 2023 that will establish new rates for the years 2025 2027. GSWC s request to continue using the WRAM in its next general rate case will be subject to CPUC approval. 
 In October 2020, GSWC, three other investor-owned water utilities IOWUs operating in California, and the California Water Association CWA filed applications with the CPUC for rehearing on the discontinuation of the WRAM and MCBA, which the CPUC denied in September 2021. GSWC, the three other IOWUs and CWA each separately filed a petition with the California Supreme Court Court to review the CPUC s decision revoking prior authorization of the WRAM and MCBA. In May 2022, the Court granted the petition for writ of review. The Court ordered GSWC, along with the other IOWUs and CWA, to file opening briefs, which were filed on September 1. The CPUC s answer to the opening briefs was originally due by November 15 and reply briefs were due by December 15. However, as a result of SB 1469, in October 2022 the CPUC filed a motion to dismiss the IOWUs and CWA s petition with the Court, and also requested that the Court suspend the proceeding schedule until it rules on the motion to dismiss. The Court granted the CPUC s request to suspend the proceeding schedule. In November 2022, the Supreme Court denied the CPUC s motion to dismiss and established a new proceeding schedule whereby the CPUC filed their answer brief on December 9 and the IOWUs filed their reply brief on January 13, 2023. At this time, management cannot predict the final outcome of this matter. 
 Final Decision in the Second Phase of the Low-Income Affordability Rulemaking: 
 On July 15, 2021, the CPUC issued a final decision in the second phase of the Low-Income Affordability Rulemaking. The final decision requires that amounts tracked in GSWC s COVID-19 Catastrophic Event Memorandum Account CEMA account for unpaid customer bills be first offset by any (i) federal or state relief for customers utility bill debt, and (ii) customer payments through payment-plan arrangements prior to receiving recovery from customers at large. In January 2022, GSWC received 9.5 million of relief funding from the state of California for customers unpaid water bills incurred during the pandemic, which it applied to its delinquent customers eligible balances. 
 In August 2021, GSWC, in addition to three other parties, filed separate applications to the CPUC for rehearing on certain aspects of this final decision, which the CPUC denied in May 2022. In March 2022, CWA filed a petition for writ of review to the California Supreme Court, urging the Court to review the CPUC s final decision on the second phase of the Low-Income Affordability Rulemaking. CWA amended its petition to reflect the CPUC s decision denying the requests for rehearing. In September 2022, the Supreme Court denied CWA s amended petition for writ of review. 
 Electric General Rate Cases: 
 On August 15, 2019, the CPUC issued a final decision on the electric general rate case that set new rates for the years 2018 2022. Among other things, the decision increased adopted electric revenues by 1.0 million in 2022 not subject to an earnings test. The decision also allowed BVESI to construct all the capital projects requested in its application, which are dedicated to improving system safety and reliability and total approximately 44 million over the 5-year rate cycle. The decision authorized a return on equity for the electric segment of 9.6 and included a capital structure and a debt cost that are consistent with those approved by the CPUC in March 2018 in connection with GSWC s water segment cost of capital proceeding. 
 On August 30, 2022, BVESI filed a general rate case application that will determine new electric rates for the years 2023 2026. Among other things, BVESI requested (i) capital budgets of approximately 62 million for the four-year rate cycle, and another 6.2 million for a large line replacement capital project to be filed for revenue recovery through an advice letter when the project is completed, and (ii) a capital structure for BVESI of 61.8 equity and 38.2 debt, a return on equity of 11.25 , an embedded cost of debt of 5.1 , and a return on rate base of 9.05 . Furthermore, included in the general rate case application is a request for recovery of all capital expenditures and other costs incurred over the last few years in connection with BVESI s wildfire mitigation plans that are currently not in customer rates. These costs will be subject to review by the CPUC during the general rate case proceeding. On December 16, 2022, a pre-hearing conference was held to discuss the scope of issues and schedule for the proceeding. On December 15, 2022, the CPUC approved a decision for BVESI to establish a general rate case memorandum account that makes the new 2023 rates effective and retroactive to January 1, 2023. In February 2023, a scoping memo and ruling that set the final schedule and scope of issues in BVESI s general rate case proceeding was issued by the CPUC. Based on the schedule, a proposed decision is expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 30 

Contracted Services Segment: 
 ASUS s revenues, operating income and cash flows are earned by providing water and/or wastewater services, including operation and maintenance services and construction of facilities for the water and/or wastewater systems at various military installations, pursuant to an initial 50-year firm fixed-price contract and additional firm fixed-price contracts. The contract price for each of these contracts is subject to annual economic price adjustments. Additional revenues generated by contract operations are primarily dependent on annual economic price adjustments, and new construction activities under contract modifications with the U.S. government or agreements with other third-party prime contractors. ASUS s subsidiaries continue to enter into U.S. government-awarded contract modifications and agreements with third-party prime contractors for new construction projects at the military bases served. During 2022, ASUS was awarded approximately 34.4 million in new construction projects for completion beginning in 2022 through 2025. Earnings and cash flows from modifications to the initial 50-year contract or additional contracts thereafter with the U.S. government and agreements with third-party prime contractors for additional construction projects may or may not continue in future periods. 
 Entering into contracts with the U.S. government subjects ASUS to potential government audits or investigations of its business practices and compliance with government procurement statutes and regulations. ASUS is currently under a civil government investigation over bidding and estimating practices used in certain capital upgrade projects. ASUS is cooperating fully with the investigation and management does not currently believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. However, at this time, management cannot predict the final outcome or recommendations that may result from the investigation or determine the amount, if any, of penalties and damages that may be assessed. 
 COVID-19: 
 GSWC, BVESI and ASUS have continued their operations throughout the COVID-19 pandemic given that their water, wastewater and electric utility services are deemed essential. AWR and its subsidiaries continue to monitor the guidance provided by federal, state, and local health authorities and other government officials. While continuing to monitor transmission rates and other variables, employees have returned to company offices. Thus far, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on ASUS s current operations. 
 In response to orders issued by the CPUC and the governor of California, GSWC and BVESI suspended service disconnections for nonpayment. However, pursuant to the CPUC s July 15, 2021 decision in the Second Phase of the Low-Income Affordability Rulemaking discussed previously, the moratorium on water-service disconnections due to non-payment of past-due amounts billed to residential customers expired on February 1, 2022. The CPUC s moratoriums on service disconnections for nonpayment for water and electric customers have ended and as a result, disconnections for delinquent residential customers resumed in June 2022. However, water service cannot be disconnected so long as customers make timely payments on current bills and are provided and adhere to payment plans to pay down past-due bills resulting from the pandemic. In addition, electric-service disconnections for non-payment can only be done after taking into account certain conditions such as average daily temperatures, and residential disconnections are capped on an annual basis at 2.5 of the total residential customers during the previous calendar year. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its lingering effects to the economy has contributed to significant volatility in financial markets resulting in fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets in GSWC s pension and other retirement plans. In addition, the economic impact of the pandemic has also significantly increased the amount of delinquent customer accounts receivable, resulting in both GSWC and BVESI increasing their allowance for doubtful accounts. The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to track incremental costs, including bad debt expense, in excess of what is included in their respective revenue requirements incurred as a result of the pandemic in COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts, which GSWC and BVESI intend to file with the CPUC for future recovery. 
 Without the ability to disconnect service for non-payment, during the first half of 2022, GSWC and BVESI continued to experience delinquent customer accounts receivable due to the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in both GSWC and BVESI increasing their allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC and BVESI had approximately 3.5 million and 497,000, respectively, in regulatory asset accounts related to bad debt expense in excess of their revenue requirements, the purchase of personal protective equipment, additional incurred printing costs, and other incremental COVID-19-related costs. Emergency-type memorandum accounts are well-established cost recovery mechanisms authorized as a result of a state/federal declared emergency, and are therefore recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. As a result, the amounts recorded in the COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts have not impacted GSWC s or BVESI s earnings. 
 In January 2022, GSWC received 9.5 million in COVID relief funds through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program to provide assistance to customers for their water debt accrued during the COVID-19 pandemic by remitting federal funds that the state received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to the utility on behalf of eligible customers. GSWC applied these funds to its delinquent customers eligible balances. During 2022, BVESI received a total of 473,000 from the state of California for similar customer relief funding for unpaid electric customer bills incurred during the pandemic. The CPUC requires that amounts tracked in GSWC s and BVESI s COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum 
 31 

accounts for unpaid customer bills be first offset by any (i) federal and state relief for water or electric utility bill debt, and (ii) customer payments through payment plan arrangements, prior to receiving recovery from customers at large. After these offsets are made, GSWC will file with the CPUC for recovery of the remaining balance. BVESI intends to include the remaining balance in its COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum account for recovery once all alternative sources of funding have been exhausted and credited to eligible customer accounts. 
 On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced that the COVID-19 national emergency and public health emergency will end on May 11, 2023. The COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts for GSWC and BVESI will remain open until the COVID-19 national emergency and public health emergency ends. 

32 

Summary Results by Segment 
 The table below sets forth a comparison of the diluted earnings per share by business segment and for the parent company: 
 Diluted Earnings per Share Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE Water 1.45 1.87 (0.42) Electric 0.24 0.21 0.03 Contracted services 0.46 0.48 (0.02) AWR (parent) (0.04) (0.01) (0.03) Consolidated fully diluted earnings per share, as reported (GAAP) 2.11 2.55 (0.44) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, AWR s recorded consolidated diluted earnings were 2.11 per share, as compared to 2.55 per share for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 0.44 per share. Included in the results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were losses totaling 5.2 million, or approximately 0.10 per share, on investments held to fund one of the Company s retirement plans, as compared to gains of 4.3 million, or approximately 0.08 per share, for the same period in 2021, both due to financial market conditions. Furthermore, due to the delay in receiving a final decision from the CPUC on GSWC s pending water general rate case that will set new rates beginning in 2022, water revenues billed and recorded for the year of 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a final decision. When approved, the new rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2022 and cumulative adjustments will be recorded upon receiving a decision by the CPUC. Had the new 2022 water rates been approved effective January 1, 2022 and consistent with the settlement agreement reached between GSWC and Public Advocates, GSWC would have recorded additional revenues of 30.3 million, or 0.59 per share, and additional water supply costs of 9.6 million, or 0.19 per share, as well as an additional reduction to revenues of 1.1 million, or 0.02 per share, to reflect the incremental impact of revenues subject to refund from the new 2022 rates as a result of the lower cost of debt in the pending cost of capital proceeding, which all combined would have been 0.38 per share higher than what was actually recorded for the year of 2022. 
 Excluding the gains and losses on investments from both periods, and including the additional net revenues and water supply costs in the results for the year of 2022 had a final decision in the water general rate case not been delayed, adjusted consolidated diluted earnings for the year of 2022 would have been 2.59 per share as compared to adjusted diluted earnings of 2.47 per share for the same period in 2021, an adjusted increase of 0.12 per share. 
 The following is a computation and reconciliation of diluted earnings per share from the measure of operating income by business segment as disclosed in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, to AWR s consolidated fully diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Water Electric Contracted Services AWR (Parent) Consolidated (GAAP) In 000's except per share amounts 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating income (Note 17) 92,455 107,573 11,740 10,738 22,449 22,675 (8) (9) 126,636 140,977 Other income and expense 22,339 16,263 425 (101) (273) (488) 2,085 533 24,576 16,207 Income tax expense (benefit) 16,346 22,095 2,439 2,975 5,476 5,434 (597) (81) 23,664 30,423 Net income (loss) 53,770 69,215 8,876 7,864 17,246 17,729 (1,496) (461) 78,396 94,347 Weighted Average Number of Diluted Shares 37,039 37,010 37,039 37,010 37,039 37,010 37,039 37,010 37,039 37,010 Diluted earnings per share 1.45 1.87 0.24 0.21 0.46 0.48 (0.04) (0.01) 2.11 2.55 
 Water Segment: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, recorded diluted earnings from the water utility segment were 1.45 per share, as compared to 1.87 per share for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 0.42 per share. As discussed above, the decrease at the water segment was partly due to losses of 0.10 per share incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 on investments held to fund a retirement plan, as compared to gains of 0.08 per share for the same period in 2021, a net decrease in earnings of 0.18 per share. Furthermore, and also discussed above, the water segment s results for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have included an additional 0.38 per share had there been no delay in receiving a decision approving the settlement agreement with Public Advocates in the water general rate case that approves the new 2022 rates effective January 1, 2022. 
 
 33 

Excluding the gains and losses on investments from both periods, and including the additional net revenues and water supply costs in the result for the year ended December 31, 2022 had a final decision in the water general rate case not been delayed, adjusted diluted earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 at the water segment were 1.93 per share as compared to adjusted diluted earnings of 1.79 per share for the same period in 2021, an adjusted increase at the water segment of 0.14 per share, or a 7.8 increase, despite an approximate 0.13 per share reduction in earnings during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the lower cost of debt in the pending cost of capital proceeding discussed below. 
 
 Excluding only the gains and losses on investments from both periods discussed above, adjusted diluted earnings at the water segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.55 per share, as compared to adjusted earnings of 1.79 per share for 2021, an adjusted decrease of 0.24 per share due to the following items: 
 A decrease in the water operating revenues of 6.5 million largely as a result of the lower cost of debt included in the pending cost of capital application. GSWC recorded a reduction to revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 6.4 million, or approximately 0.13 per share, to reflect management s best estimate at this time of revenues subject to refund from the pending cost of capital proceeding, which includes the impact of GSWC s lower cost of debt requested in its application. However, management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the cost of capital application and the associated impact on 2022 revenues. Changes in estimates will be made, if necessary, as more information in this proceeding becomes available. As discussed previously, water revenues billed and recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a final decision by the CPUC on the general rate case application. 
 An increase in water supply costs of 1.1 million, which consist primarily of the changes in the water supply cost balancing accounts due to the effect of rate increases implemented mid-year 2021 reducing the under-collections offset by a decrease in water purchased due to decreases in water consumption and production that are being driven by drought conditions and water use restrictions, partially offset by increases in wholesale water costs. Adopted supply costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 authorized amounts, pending a final decision by the CPUC in the water general rate case application. Actual water supply costs are tracked and passed through to customers on a dollar-for-dollar basis by way of the CPUC-approved water supply cost balancing accounts. The increase in water supply costs results in a corresponding increase in water operating revenues and has no net impact on the water segment s profitability. 
 An overall increase in operating expenses of 7.1 million (excluding supply costs), which negatively impacted earnings and was mainly due to increases in (i) overall labor costs, (ii) operation-related expenses resulting from higher chemical and water treatment costs and transportation expenses, (iii) administrative and general expenses resulting from higher insurance costs, and employee-related benefits, (iv) depreciation and amortization expenses resulting from additions to utility plant, and (v) maintenance expenses. 
 The sale of non-utility-related land at the water segment resulted in a gain of 409,000 recorded during 2021, with no equivalent item in 2022. 
 An overall increase in interest expense (net of inte rest and other income) of 613,000 resulting primarily to an overall increase in total borrowing levels to support, among other things, the capital expenditures program at GSWC and higher short-term interest rates. This was partially offset by an increase in interest income earned on regulatory assets at the water segment bearing interest at the current 90-day commercial paper rate, which increased compared to 2021. 
 An overall increase in other income (net of other expenses) of 4.0 million due primarily from a decrease in the non-service cost components related to GSWC s benefit plans resulting from lower actuarial losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 A decrease in the effective income tax rate, which positively impacted earnings. The decrease resulted primarily from changes in certain flow-through and permanent items. As a regulated utility, GSWC treats certain temporary differences as flow-through in computing its income tax expense consistent with the income tax method used in its CPUC-jurisdiction ratemaking. Changes in the magnitude of flow-through items either increase or decrease tax expense, thereby affecting diluted earnings per share. 
 Electric Segment: 
 Diluted earnings from the electric utility segment increased 0.03 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, largely due to an increase in electric operating revenues resulting from CPUC-approved rate increases effective January 1, 2022 and a lower effective income tax rate at the electric segment due to changes in flow-through taxes, partially offset by higher interest expense (net of interest income). In April 2022, BVESI completed the issuance of 35.0 million in unsecured private-placement notes consisting of 10 and 15 year terms. BVESI used the proceeds to pay down all outstanding borrowings under its credit facility as required by the CPUC. Generally, borrowings under the credit facility bear lower short-term rates. 
 34 

Contracted Services Segment: 
 Diluted earnings from the contracted services segment decreased 0.02 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, largely due to a decrease in construction activity resulting from timing differences of when such work was performed as compared to the same period of 2021, as well as a slowdown caused by longer materials supply-chain lead-times, delays in receiving capital upgrade awards, and other delays. There was also an increase in overall operating expenses (excluding construction expenses). These decreases to earnings at the contracted services segment were partially offset by an increase in management fee revenues resulting from the annual economic price adjustments. 
 AWR (Parent): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, diluted earnings from AWR (parent) decreased 0.03 per share compared to 2021 due primarily to an increase in interest expense resulting from higher short-term interest rates on borrowings made under AWR s revolving credit facility. 
 The following discussion and analysis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 provide information on AWR s consolidated operations and assets and, where necessary, includes specific references to AWR s individual segments and subsidiaries: GSWC, BVESI and ASUS and its subsidiaries. 
 35 

Consolidated Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) : 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE OPERATING REVENUES Water 340,602 347,112 (6,510) -1.9 Electric 39,986 38,345 1,641 4.3 Contracted services 110,940 113,396 (2,456) -2.2 Total operating revenues 491,528 498,853 (7,325) -1.5 OPERATING EXPENSES Water purchased 75,939 77,914 (1,975) -2.5 Power purchased for pumping 11,861 11,103 758 6.8 Groundwater production assessment 19,071 19,412 (341) -1.8 Power purchased for resale 15,039 11,240 3,799 33.8 Supply cost balancing accounts (12,000) (11,421) (579) 5.1 Other operation 38,095 34,738 3,357 9.7 Administrative and general 86,190 83,547 2,643 3.2 Depreciation and amortization 41,315 39,596 1,719 4.3 Maintenance 13,392 12,781 611 4.8 Property and other taxes 22,894 22,522 372 1.7 ASUS construction 53,171 56,909 (3,738) -6.6 Gain on sale of assets (75) (465) 390 -83.9 Total operating expenses 364,892 357,876 7,016 2.0 OPERATING INCOME 126,636 140,977 (14,341) -10.2 OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES Interest expense (27,027) (22,834) (4,193) 18.4 Interest income 2,326 1,493 833 55.8 Other, net 125 5,134 (5,009) -97.6 (24,576) (16,207) (8,369) 51.6 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 102,060 124,770 (22,710) -18.2 Income tax expense 23,664 30,423 (6,759) -22.2 NET INCOME 78,396 94,347 (15,951) -16.9 Basic earnings per Common Share 2.12 2.55 (0.43) -16.9 Fully diluted earnings per Common Share 2.11 2.55 (0.44) -17.3 
 
 36 

Operating Revenues 
 General 
 GSWC and BVESI rely upon approvals by the CPUC of rate increases to recover operating expenses and to provide for a return on invested and borrowed capital used to fund utility plant. ASUS relies on economic price and equitable adjustments by the U.S. government in order to recover operating expenses and provide a profit margin for ASUS. Current operating revenues and earnings may be negatively impacted if the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries do not receive adequate price adjustments in a timely manner. ASUS s earnings are also impacted by the level of construction projects at the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries, which may or may not continue at current levels in future periods. 
 Water 
 Due to the delay in the CPUC issuing a final decision on the water general rate case, billed water revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a CPUC final decision on GSWC s general rate case application. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from water operations decreased by 6.5 million to 340.6 million, compared to the same period in 2021 as a result of the lower cost of debt included in the pending cost of capital application. GSWC recorded a reduction to water revenues of 6.4 million to reflect management s best estimate at this time of revenues subject to refund from the pending cost of capital proceeding, which includes the impact of GSWC s lower cost of debt requested in its application. 
 Billed water consumption for the year ended December 31, 2022 was lower by 6.0 compared to 2021. Currently, changes in consumption generally do not have a significant impact on recorded revenues due to the CPUC-approved WRAM that is in place in all but one small rate-making area. GSWC records the difference between what it bills its water customers and that which is authorized by the CPUC in the WRAM accounts as regulatory assets or liabilities. 
 Electric 
 Electric revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.6 million to 40.0 million as a result of new CPUC-approved electric rates effective January 1, 2022 and a 6.5 increase in electric usage as compared to 2021. Due to the CPUC-approved Base Revenue Requirement Adjustment Mechanism, which adjusts certain revenues to adopted levels authorized by the CPUC, changes in usage do not have a significant impact on earnings. 
 Contracted Services 
 Revenues from contracted services are composed of construction revenues (including renewal and replacements) and management fees for operating and maintaining the water and/or wastewater systems at various military bases. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from contracted services decreased 2.5 million to 110.9 million as compared to 113.4 million for 2021. The decrease was due to lower construction activity resulting, in part, from timing differences of when such work was performed as compared to the same period of 2021, as well as a slowdown primarily caused by longer materials supply-chain lead-times, delays in receiving capital upgrade awards, and other delays. This decrease was partially offset by increases in management fees due to the successful resolution of various economic price adjustments. 
 ASUS s subsidiaries continue to enter into U.S. government-awarded contract modifications and agreements with third-party prime contractors for new construction projects at the military bases served. During 2022, ASUS was awarded approximately 34.4 million in new construction projects for completion in 2022 through 2025. Earnings and cash flows from modifications to the initial 50-year contract and additional contracts with the U.S. government and agreements with third-party prime contractors for additional construction projects may or may not continue in future periods. 
 Operating Expenses: 
 Supply Costs 
 Total supply costs at the regulated utilities comprise the largest segment of total consolidated operating expenses. Supply costs accounted for 30.1 and 30.2 of total operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Water segment supply costs 
 Two of the principal factors affecting water supply costs are the amount of water produced and the source of the water. Generally, the variable cost of producing water from wells is less than the cost of water purchased from wholesale suppliers. The overall actual percentages for purchased water for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 45 , as compared to the adopted percentages of 34 for 2022 and 2021. The higher actual percentage of purchased water as compared to the adopted percentage resulted from a higher volume of purchased water costs due to several wells being out of service. Due to the delay in finalizing the water general rate case, which will set new rates for the years 2022 through 2024, adopted supply 
 37 

costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 authorized amounts, pending a final decision by the CPUC on GSWC s general rate case application. 
 Under the current CPUC-approved Modified Cost Balancing Account MCBA ), GSWC tracks adopted and actual expense levels for purchased water, power purchased for pumping and pump taxes. GSWC records the variances (which include the effects of changes in both rate and volume) between adopted and actual purchased water, purchased power and pump tax expenses as a regulatory asset or liability. GSWC recovers from, or refunds to, customers the amount of such variances. GSWC tracks these variances individually for each water ratemaking area. 
 Supply costs for the water segment consist of purchased water, purchased power for pumping, groundwater production assessments and changes in the water supply cost balancing accounts. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, water supply costs consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water purchased 75,939 77,914 (1,975) -2.5 Power purchased for pumping 11,861 11,103 758 6.8 Groundwater production assessment 19,071 19,412 (341) -1.8 Water supply cost balancing accounts (8,643) (11,295) 2,652 -23.5 Total water supply costs 98,228 97,134 1,094 1.1 
 The sum of water and electric supply-cost balancing accounts are shown on AWR s Consolidated Statements of Income and totaled (12,000,000) and (11,421,000) for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Purchased water costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 75.9 million as compared to 77.9 million for 2021 primarily due to decreases in water consumption and production that are being driven by drought conditions and water use restrictions, partially offset by increases in wholesale water costs. The in crease in power purchased for pumping was due to increases in electric rates. Groundwater production assessments decreased due to a decrease in water usage, partially offset by increases in pump tax rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the water supply cost balancing account had 8.6 million under-collection as compared to an 11.3 million under-collection in 2021. The decrease in under-collection was primarily due to the effect of rate increases implemented mid-year 2021 at certain rate-making areas to specifically cover increases in supply costs experienced in these areas, thereby reducing their under-collections. 
 Electric segment supply costs 
 Supply costs for the electric segment consist primarily of purchased power for resale, the cost of natural gas used by BVESI s generating unit, the cost of renewable energy credits and changes in the electric supply cost balancing account . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, electric supply costs consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Power purchased for resale 15,039 11,240 3,799 33.8 Electric supply cost balancing account (3,357) (126) (3,231) 2,564.3 Total electric supply costs 11,682 11,114 568 5.1 
 The sum of water and electric supply-cost balancing accounts are shown on AWR s Consolidated Statements of Income and totaled (12,000,000) and (11,421,000) for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the cost of power purchased for resale to BVESI s customers increased to 15.0 million as compared to 11.2 million for 2021 primarily due to higher average price per megawatt-hour MWh ). The average price per MWh, including fixed costs, increased to 97.89 per MWh in 2022 from 71.94 per MWh in 2021. This increase in price resulted in an under-collection of 3.4 million recorded in the electric supply balancing account during 2022 as compared to an under-collection of 126,000 during 2021. 
 
 38 

Other Operation 
 The primary components of other operation expenses include payroll, materials and supplies, chemicals and water-treatment costs, and outside service costs of operating the regulated water and electric systems, including the costs associated with transmission and distribution, pumping, water quality, meter reading, billing, and operations of district offices. Registrant s contracted services operations incur many of the same types of expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other operation expenses by business segment consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 28,117 25,781 2,336 9.1 Electric Services 3,311 3,011 300 10.0 Contracted Services 6,667 5,946 721 12.1 Total other operation 38,095 34,738 3,357 9.7 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other operation costs at the water segment increased due primarily to higher water treatment and chemical costs, as well as transportation costs. The increase at the electric segment was due primarily to higher operation-related outside-service costs. The increase at the contracted services segment was due primarily to higher water treatment and chemical costs, operation-related labor, and transportation costs. Transportation costs were higher due, in part, to increases in fuel and maintenance costs. 
 Administrative and General 
 Administrative and general expenses include payroll related to administrative and general functions, all employee-related benefits, insurance expenses, outside legal and consulting fees, regulatory utility commission expenses, expenses associated with being a public company and general corporate expenses charged to expense accounts. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, administrative and general expenses by business segment, including AWR (parent), consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 58,358 55,552 2,806 5.1 Electric Services 7,901 8,694 (793) -9.1 Contracted Services 19,923 19,292 631 3.3 AWR (parent) 8 9 (1) -11.1 Total administrative and general 86,190 83,547 2,643 3.2 
 Administrative and general expenses increased at the water segment largely due to increases in employee-related benefits, including an increase of 1.2 million related to the service cost component of GSWC s defined-benefit pension plan. As a result of GSWC s two-way pension balancing account authorized by the CPUC, increases in pension costs are fully recovered in customer rates, thus having no material impact to earnings. There was also an increase in insurance and general corporate costs, partially offset by decreases in regulatory and other outside-service costs. 
 Administrative and general expenses decreased at the electric segment due, in part, to a decrease of 192,000 in surcharges billed to customers for the recovery of previously incurred costs, which had a corresponding decrease in administrative and general expenses, resulting in no impact to earnings. There was also a decrease in outside-service and other administrative and general costs. 
 Administrative and general expenses increased at the contracted services segment due to an increase in outside services, insurance, travel, and labor expenses. 
 39 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation and amortization expense by segment consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 34,805 33,384 1,421 4.3 Electric Services 2,792 2,572 220 8.6 Contracted Services 3,718 3,640 78 2.1 Total depreciation and amortization 41,315 39,596 1,719 4.3 
 The overall increase in depreciation expense resulted primarily from additions to utility plant and other fixed assets since 2021. 
 Maintenance 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, maintenance expense by segment consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 9,559 9,056 503 5.6 Electric Services 723 697 26 3.7 Contracted Services 3,110 3,028 82 2.7 Total maintenance 13,392 12,781 611 4.8 
 Maintenance expense increased at the water segment due to higher unplanned maintenance and maintenance-related materials expenses incurred as compared to 2021. 
 Property and Other Taxes 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, property and other taxes by segment, consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 19,080 19,041 39 0.2 Electric Services 1,837 1,519 318 20.9 Contracted Services 1,977 1,962 15 0.8 Total property and other taxes 22,894 22,522 372 1.7 
 Property and other taxes increased at the water and electric segment primarily due to an increase in property taxes resulting from higher assessed property values brought about by capital additions. The increase at the water segment from property taxes was partially offset by a decrease in franchise fees resulting from lower water revenues recognized in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 ASUS Construction 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, construction expenses for contracted services were 53.2 million, decreasing by 3.7 million compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in construction activity resulting from timing differences of when such work was performed as compared to 2021, as well as a slowdown caused by longer materials supply-chain lead-times, delays in receiving capital upgrade awards, and other delays. 
 Gain On Sale of Assets 
 The decrease in gain on sale of assets in 2022 compared to 2021 was related primarily to the sale of a parcel of non-utility-related land at the water segment in 2021 with no equivalent item in 2022. 
 
 40 

Interest Expense 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense by segment, including AWR (parent), consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 22,742 21,474 1,268 5.9 Electric Services 1,225 259 966 373.0 Contracted Services 743 370 373 100.8 AWR (parent) 2,317 731 1,586 217.0 Total interest expense 27,027 22,834 4,193 18.4 
 AWR s borrowings consist of bank debts under revolving credit facilities and long-term debt issuances at GSWC and BVESI. Consolidated interest expense increased as compared to 2021 resulting from an overall increase in total borrowing levels to support, among other things, the capital expenditures programs at the regulated utilities, as well as overall increases in short- and long-term interest rates. Increases to borrowing levels include BVESI s issuance of 35.0 million in unsecured private-placement notes in April 2022 consisting of 10 and 15 year term notes with interest rates at 4.548 and 4.949 , respectively. 
 Interest Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income by business segment, including AWR (parent), consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 1,083 428 655 153.0 Electric Services 394 118 276 233.9 Contracted Services 875 1,007 (132) -13.1 AWR (parent) (26) (60) 34 -56.7 Total interest income 2,326 1,493 833 55.8 
 The overall increase in interest income was due primarily to higher interest income earned on regulatory assets at the water and electric segments bearing interest at the current 90-day commercial-paper rates, which have increased since 2021, partially offset by lower interest income recognized on certain construction projects at the contracted services segment as compared to 2021. 
 Other Income and (Expense), net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other income and (expense) by business segment, including AWR (parent), consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services (680) 4,783 (5,463) -114.2 Electric Services 406 242 164 67.8 Contracted Services 141 (149) 290 -194.6 AWR (parent) 258 258 Total interest income 125 5,134 (5,009) -97.6 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other income (net of other expense) decreased mostly as a result of losses incurred on investments held to fund one of the Company s retirement plans, as compared to gains generated during 2021, both due to financial market conditions. This was partially offset by a decrease in the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit costs related to the Company s defined-benefit pension plan and other retirement benefits resulting from lower actuarial losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. However, as a result of GSWC s and BVESI s two-way pension balancing accounts authorized by the CPUC, changes in total net periodic benefit costs related to the pension plan have no material impact to earnings. 
 41 

Income Tax Expense 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, income tax expense by segment, including AWR (parent), consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 CHANGE CHANGE Water Services 16,346 22,095 (5,749) -26.0 Electric Services 2,439 2,975 (536) -18.0 Contracted Services 5,476 5,434 42 0.8 AWR (parent) (597) (81) (516) 637.0 Total income tax expense 23,664 30,423 (6,759) -22.2 
 Consolidated income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 6.8 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax income as compared to the same period in 2021. AWR s ETRs were 23.2 and 24.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. GSWC s ETR was 23.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 24.2 for 2021. The decrease in GSWC s ETR was primarily due to net changes in certain flow-through and permanent items. The increase in AWR (parent) s tax benefit was primarily due to an increase in pretax loss resulting from higher interest expense. 
 Information comparing the consolidated results of operations for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 can be found under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis under the heading Consolidated Results of Operations-Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 in AWR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC. 
 42 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that are important to the portrayal of AWR s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments of AWR s management. The need to make estimates about the effect of items that are uncertain is what makes these judgments difficult, subjective and/or complex. Management makes subjective judgments about the accounting and regulatory treatment of many items. The following are accounting policies and estimates that are critical to the financial statements of AWR. For more information regarding the significant accounting policies of Registrant, see Note 1 of Notes to Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Accounting for Rate Regulation Because GSWC and BVESI operate extensively in regulated businesses, they are subject to the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. Application of this guidance requires accounting for certain transactions in accordance with regulations adopted by the regulatory commissions of the states in which rate-regulated operations are conducted. Utility companies defer costs and credits on the balance sheet as regulatory assets and liabilities when it is probable that those costs and credits will be recognized in the ratemaking process in a period different from the period in which they would have been reflected in income by an unregulated company. These deferred regulatory assets and liabilities are then reflected in the income statement in the period in which the same amounts are reflected in the rates charged for service. 
 Regulation and the effects of regulatory accounting have the most significant impact on the financial statements of GSWC and BVESI. When either files for adjustments to rates, the capital assets, operating costs and other matters are subject to review, and disallowances may occur. In the event that a portion of either GSWC s or BVESI s operations are no longer subject to the accounting guidance for the effects of certain types of regulation, they are required to write-off related regulatory assets that are not specifically recoverable and determine if other assets might be impaired. If the CPUC determines that a portion of either GSWC s or BVESI s assets are not recoverable in customer rates, management is required to determine if it has suffered an asset impairment that would require a write-down in the asset valuation. Management continually evaluates the anticipated recovery, settlement or refund of regulatory assets, liabilities, and revenues subject to refund and provides for allowances and/or reserves that it believes to be necessary. In the event that management s assessment as to the probability of the inclusion in the ratemaking process is incorrect, the associated regulatory asset or liability will be adjusted to reflect the change in assessment or the impact of regulatory approval of rates. Reviews by the CPUC may also result in additional regulatory liabilities to refund previously collected revenues to customers if the CPUC were to disallow costs included in the ratemaking process. 
 Registrant also reviews its utility plant in-service for possible impairment in accordance with accounting guidance for regulated entities for abandonments and disallowances of plant costs. 
 Revenue Recognition GSWC and BVESI record water and electric utility operating revenues when the service is provided to customers. Operating revenues include unbilled revenues that are earned (i.e., the service has been provided) but not billed by the end of each accounting period. Unbilled revenues are calculated based on the number of days and total usage from each customer s most recent billing record that was billed prior to the end of the accounting period and is used to estimate unbilled consumption as of the year-end reporting period. Unbilled revenues are recorded for both monthly and bi-monthly customers. 
 In 2008, the CPUC granted GSWC the authority to implement revenue decoupling mechanisms through the adoption of the WRAM. With the adoption of this alternative revenue program, GSWC adjusts revenues in the WRAM for the difference between what is billed to its water customers and that which is authorized by the CPUC. GSWC s request to continue using the WRAM in its next general rate case is subject to CPUC approval. The CPUC also granted BVESI a revenue decoupling mechanism through the BRRAM. BVESI adjusts revenues in the BRRAM for the difference between what is billed to its electric customers and that which is authorized by the CPUC. 
 As required by the accounting guidance for alternative revenue programs, GSWC and BVESI are required to collect their WRAM and BRRAM balances, respectively, within 24 months following the year in which they are recorded. The CPUC has set the recovery period for under-collected balances that are up to 15 of adopted annual revenues at 18 months or less. For net WRAM under-collected balances greater than 15 , the recovery period is 19 to 36 months. As a result of the accounting guidance and CPUC-adopted recovery periods, Registrant must estimate if any WRAM and BRRAM revenues will be collected beyond the 24-month period. This can affect the timing of when such revenues are recognized. 
 ASUS s fixed-price contracts with the U.S. government are considered service concession arrangements under ASC 853 Service Concession Arrangements . Accordingly, the services under these contracts are accounted for under Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the water and/or wastewater systems are not recorded as Property, Plant and Equipment on Registrant s balance sheet. Revenues for ASUS s operations and maintenance contracts are recognized when services have been rendered to the U.S. government pursuant to the initial 50-year contract and additional contracts thereafter. Revenues from construction activities are recognized based on either the percentage-of-completion or cost-plus methods of 
 43 

accounting. In accordance with GAAP, revenue recognition under these methods requires management to estimate the progress toward completion on a contract in terms of efforts, such as costs incurred. This approach is used because management considers it to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. Changes in job performance, job conditions, change orders and estimated profitability, including those arising from any contract penalty provisions, and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income, and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. Unbilled receivables from the U.S. government represent amounts to be billed for construction work completed and/or for services rendered pursuant to the initial 50-year contract and additional contracts with the U.S government, which are not presently billable but which will be billed under the terms of the contracts. 
 Income Taxes Registrant s income tax calculations require estimates due principally to the regulated nature of the operations of GSWC and BVESI, the multiple states in which Registrant operates, and potential future tax rate changes. Registrant uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Changes in regulatory treatment, or significant changes in tax-related estimates, assumptions or law, could have a material impact on the financial position and results of operations of Registrant. 
 As regulated utilities, GSWC and BVESI treat certain temporary differences as flow-through adjustments in computing their income tax expense consistent with the income tax approach approved by the CPUC for ratemaking purposes. Flow-through adjustments increase or decrease tax expense in one period, with an offsetting decrease or increase occurring in another period. Giving effect to these temporary differences as flow-through adjustments typically results in a greater variance between the effective tax rate and the statutory federal income tax rate in any given period than would otherwise exist if GSWC or BVESI were not required to account for its income taxes as regulated enterprises. As of December 31, 2022, Registrant s total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was zero. 
 Pension Benefits Registrant s pension benefit obligations and related costs are calculated using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting guidance for employers accounting for pensions and post-retirement benefits other than pensions. Two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement. We evaluate these critical assumptions annually. Other assumptions include employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increase. The discount rate enables Registrant to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. The guideline for setting this rate is a high-quality, long-term corporate bond rate. Registrant s discount rates were determined by considering the average of pension yield curves constructed using a large population of high-quality corporate bonds. The resulting discount rates reflect the matching of plan liability cash flows to the yield curves. A lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases periodic pension expense. Conversely, a higher discount rate decreases the present value of benefit obligations and decreases periodic pension expense. To determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, Registrant considers the current and expected asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. A lower expected rate of return on plan assets will increase pension expense. The long-term expected return on the pension plan s assets was 5.75 for 2022 and 6.00 for 2021. 
 For the pension plan obligation, Registrant increased the discount rate to 5.41 as of December 31, 2022 from 2.89 as of December 31, 2021 to reflect market interest-rate conditions at December 31, 2022. A hypothetical 25-basis point decrease in the assumed discount rate would have increased total net periodic pension expense for 2022 by approximately 795,000, and would have increased the projected benefit obligation PBO and accumulated benefit obligation ABO at December 31, 2022 by a total of 5.8 million. A 25-basis point decrease in the long-term return on pension-plan-asset assumption would have increased 2022 pension cost by approximately 572,000. 
 In addition, changes in the fair value of plan assets will impact future pension cost and the Plan s funded status. Changes in market conditions can affect the value of plan assets held to fund future long-term pension benefits. Any reductions in the value of plan assets will result in increased future expense, an increase in the underfunded position, and increase the required future contributions. 
 The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to each maintain a two-way balancing account to track differences between their forecasted annual pension expenses adopted in rates and the actual annual expense to be recorded in accordance with the accounting guidance for pension costs. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC has a 1.5 million over-collection in its two-way pension balancing account for the general office and water regions. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has a 496,000 over-collection in its two-way pension balancing account. 
 Funding requirements for qualified defined benefit pension plans are determined by government regulations. In establishing the contribution amount, Registrant has considered the potential impact of funding-rule changes under the Pension Protection Act of 2006. Registrant contributes the minimum required contribution as determined by government regulations or 
 44 

the forecasted annual pension cost authorized by the CPUC and included in customer rates, whichever is higher. In accordance with this funding policy, for 2023, the pension contribution is expected to be approximately 2.8 million . Any differences between the forecasted annual pension costs in rates and the actual pension costs are included in the two-way pension balancing accounts. Additionally, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension plan. For example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. To the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could materially increase. 
 Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirees or increases in life expectancy assumptions may also increase the funding requirements of our obligations related to the pension plan. Mortality assumptions are a critical component of benefit obligation amounts and a key factor in determining the expected length of time for annuity payments. Assuming no changes in actuarial assumptions or plan amendments, the costs over the long term are expected to decrease due to the closure of Registrant s defined benefit pension plan to new employees as of January 1, 2011. Employees hired or rehired after December 31, 2010 are eligible to participate in a defined contribution plan instead of the pension plan. 
 45 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 AWR 
 AWR s regulated business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. A portion of these capital resources is provided by internally generated cash flows from operations. AWR anticipates that interest expense will increase in future periods due to the need for additional external capital to fund construction programs at its regulated utilities and as market interest rates increase. In addition, as the capital investment program continues to increase, coupled with the elimination of bonus depreciation for regulated utilities due to tax reform enacted in 2017, AWR and its subsidiaries anticipate they will need to access external financing more often. AWR believes that costs associated with capital used to fund construction at GSWC and BVESI will continue to be recovered through water and electric rates charged to customers. 
 AWR funds its operating expenses and pays dividends on its outstanding Common Shares primarily through dividends from its wholly owned subsidiaries. The ability of GSWC and BVESI to pay dividends to AWR is restricted by California law. Under these restrictions, approximately 643.9 million was available for GSWC to pay dividends to AWR on December 31, 2022. Approximately 64.9 million was available for BVESI to pay dividends to AWR as of December 31, 2022. ASUS s ability to pay dividends to AWR is dependent upon state laws in which each Military Utility Privatization Subsidiary operates, as well as ASUS s ability to pay dividends under California law. 
 When necessary, AWR obtains funds from external sources through the capital markets and from bank borrowings. Access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on the credit ratings of AWR and GSWC and current business conditions, including that of the water utility industry in general as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets. 
 AWR borrows under a revolving credit facility and provides funds to GSWC and ASUS in support of their operations through intercompany borrowing agreements. AWR s credit agreement expires in May 2023 and all intercompany borrowing agreements will expire concurrent with the expiration of AWR s credit facility. AWR intends to execute new intercompany borrowing agreements with its subsidiaries consistent with a new credit facility. On April 22, 2022, AWR s credit facility was amended to increase the borrowing capacity from 200.0 million to 280.0 million. The amendment also changed the benchmark interest rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The change in benchmark rates has not had a material impact on its financing costs. The interest rate charged to GSWC and ASUS is sufficient to cover AWR s interest expense under the credit facility. 
 Given that AWR s credit agreement will expire in May 2023, the outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of 255.5 million as of December 31, 2022 have been classified as a current liability on AWR s Consolidated Balance Sheet, thus creating a negative working-capital condition for AWR of 245.2 million. As further detailed below, on January 13, 2023, GSWC through a delayed-draw feature of its note purchase agreement, issued unsecured private placement notes totaling 130.0 million. Also, in January 2023, GSWC used the proceeds to pay off 129.0 million of outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022 under its intercompany borrowing arrangement with AWR. AWR then used the proceeds to pay off 124.0 million of the outstanding borrowings under its credit facility thereby improving AWR s working-capital condition. As of March 1, 2023, AWR does not have sufficient liquidity or capital resources to repay its credit facility without extending its existing credit facility, entering into a new credit facility, or issuing new debt or equity. 
 Management plans to either renew and extend AWR s credit facility or to enter into a new credit facility prior to its expiration date, and is confident, given AWR s history in obtaining revolving credit facilities to meet its working-capital needs, that AWR will be able to do so with the needed borrowing capacities required to run its operations. In addition, AWR's plans included the issuance of long-term debt through GSWC during the fourth quarter of 2022, which it completed with the execution of a note purchase agreement in December 2022 for the issuance of unsecured private placement notes as discussed below. Management believes that execution of its plan is probable based on Registrant s ability to generate consistent cash flows, its A+ credit ratings, its relationships with lenders, and its history of successfully raising debt necessary to fund its operations as recently evidenced by the issuance of long-term debt at GSWC. Accordingly, management has concluded that AWR will be able to satisfy its obligations, including those under its credit facility, for at least the next twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements. However, AWR s ability to access the capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing may be affected by future conditions and, accordingly, no assurances can be made that AWR will be successful in implementing its plan. 
 On December 15, 2022, GSWC executed a note purchase agreement for the issuance of unsecured private placement notes totaling 130.0 million. The note purchase agreement included a delayed-draw feature. On January 13, 2023, GSWC requested the funds and issued (i) 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Series A Senior Notes at a coupon rate of 5.12 due January 31, 2033, and (ii) 30.0 million aggregate principal amount of Series B Senior Notes at a coupon rate of 5.22 due January 31, 2038. Interest will be payable semiannually for both Series A and Series B notes. 
 46 

BVESI has a separate 35.0 million revolving credit facility without a parent guaranty, which was amended in December 2021 to reduce the interest rate and fees charged, as well as to extend the maturity date by a year to July 1, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there were 22.0 million outstanding borrowings under this facility. Under the terms of the credit agreement, BVESI has the option to increase the facility by an additional 15.0 million, subject to lender approval. The CPUC requires BVESI to completely pay off all borrowings under its revolving credit facility within a 24-month period. BVESI s next pay-off period for its credit facility ends in September 2024. 
 On April 28, 2022, BVESI completed the issuance of 35.0 million in unsecured private-placement notes consisting of 17.5 million at a coupon rate of 4.548 due April 28, 2032 and 17.5 million at a coupon rate of 4.949 due April 28, 2037. BVESI used the proceeds from the notes to pay down all amounts under its revolving credit facility outstanding at the time of issuing the notes. Interest on these notes is payable semiannually, and the covenant requirements under these notes are similar to the terms of BVESI s revolving credit facility. 
 During the first half of 2022, GSWC and BVESI continued to experience delinquent customer accounts receivable due to the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that has affected cash flows from operations. The CPUC s moratoriums on service disconnections for nonpayment for water and electric customers have ended and as a result, disconnections for delinquent residential customers resumed in June 2022. Thus far, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on ASUS s current operations. 
 In January 2022, GSWC received 9.5 million in COVID relief funds through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program to provide assistance to customers for their water debt accrued during the COVID-19 pandemic by remitting federal funds that the state received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to the utility on behalf of eligible customers. GSWC applied these funds to its delinquent customers eligible balances. During 2022, BVESI received a total of 473,000 from the state of California for similar customer relief funding for unpaid electric customer bills incurred during the pandemic. 
 In June 2022, Standard and Poor s Global Ratings S P affirmed an A+ credit rating for both AWR and GSWC. S P also affirmed its negative outlook for both companies. S P s debt ratings range from AAA (highest possible) to D (obligation is in default). In January 2023, Moody s Investors Service Moody s affirmed its A2 rating with a stable outlook for GSWC. Securities ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold a security, and are subject to change or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies. Management believes that AWR s and GSWC s sound capital structures and A+ credit ratings, combined with its financial discipline, will enable AWR to access the debt and equity markets. However, unpredictable financial market conditions in the future may limit its access or impact the timing of when to access the market, in which case AWR may choose to temporarily reduce its capital spending. 
 AWR s ability to pay cash dividends on its Common Shares outstanding depends primarily upon cash flows from its subsidiaries. AWR intends to continue paying quarterly cash dividends on or about March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, subject to earnings and financial conditions, regulatory requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. On February 7, 2023, AWR s Board of Directors approved a first quarter dividend of 0.3975 per share on AWR s Common Shares. Dividends on the Common Shares will be paid on March 1, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 21, 2023. AWR has paid common dividends every year since 1931, and has increased the dividends received by shareholders each calendar year for 68 consecutive years, which places it in an exclusive group of companies on the New York Stock Exchange that have achieved that result. AWR has achieved a 9.2 compound annual growth rate in its annual dividend payments from 2012 2022. AWR s current policy is to achieve a compound annual growth rate in the dividend of more than 7 over the long-term. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities : 
 Cash flows from operating activities have generally provided sufficient cash to fund operating requirements, including a portion of construction expenditures at GSWC and BVESI, and construction expenses at ASUS, and to pay dividends. AWR s future cash flows from operating activities are expected to be affected by a number of factors, including utility regulation; changes in tax law; maintenance expenses; inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; customer growth; per-customer usage of water and electricity; weather and seasonality; conservation efforts; compliance with local governmental requirements, including mandatory restrictions on water use; the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its customers ability to pay utility bills; and required cash contributions to pension and post-retirement plans. Future cash flows from contracted services subsidiaries will depend on new business activities, existing operations, the construction of new and/or replacement infrastructure at military bases, timely economic price and equitable adjustment of prices, and timely collection of payments from the U.S. government and other prime contractors operating at the military bases, and any adjustments arising out of an audit or investigation by federal governmental agencies. 
 ASUS funds its operating expenses primarily through internal operating sources, which include U.S. government funding under contracts with the U.S. government for operations and maintenance costs and construction activities, as well as 
 47 

investments by, or loans from, AWR. ASUS, in turn, provides funding to its subsidiaries. ASUS s subsidiaries may also from time to time provide funding to ASUS or other subsidiaries of ASUS. 
 Cash flows from operating activities are primarily generated by net income, adjusted for non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization, and deferred income taxes. Cash generated by operations varies during the year. Net cash provided by operating activities of AWR was 117.8 million for 2022 as compared to 115.6 million for the same period in 2021. During 2022, GSWC and BVESI received 9.5 million and 473,000, respectively, in COVID-19 relief funds from the state of California to provide assistance to customers for delinquent water and electric customer bills incurred during the pandemic. The increase in operating cash flow was also due to differences in the timing of vendor payments and income tax paid between the two periods, as well as the timing of billing of and cash receipts for construction work at military bases. The billings (and cash receipts) for this construction work generally occur at completion of the work or in accordance with a billing schedule contractually agreed to with the U.S. government and/or other prime contractors. Thus, cash flow from construction-related activities may fluctuate from period to period with such fluctuations representing timing differences of when the work is being performed and when the cash is received for payment of the work. 
 The increases in cash flows from operations discussed above were partially offset by a decrease in customer cash collections resulting from decreased water consumption brought about by drought conditions and water use restrictions. These under-collections are being captured in the 2022 WRAM. Furthermore, the delay in the water general rate case decision has negatively affected cash flows from operating activities as billed revenues in 2022 have been based on 2021 s adopted customer rates while operating expenses have continued to increase. 
 The timing of cash receipts and disbursements related to other working capital items also affected the change in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities : 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 167.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 145.1 million for the same period in 2021, which is mostly related to capital expenditures at the regulated utilities. AWR invests capital to provide essential services to its regulated customer base, while working with the CPUC to have the opportunity to earn a fair rate of return on investment. AWR s infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs (to replace infrastructure, including those to mitigate wildfire risk) and major capital investment projects (to construct new water treatment, supply and delivery facilities). The regulated utilities may also be required from time to time to relocate existing infrastructure in order to accommodate local infrastructure improvement projects. Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision. 
 For the year 2023, the regulated utilities company-funded capital expenditures are expected to be between 140 million and 160 million, barring any delays resulting from changes in capital improvement schedules due to supply-chain issues or any continued lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities : 
 AWR s financing activities include primarily: (i) the proceeds from the issuance of Common Shares, (ii) the issuance and repayment of long-term debt and notes payable to banks, and (iii) the payment of dividends on Common Shares. In order to finance new infrastructure, GSWC also receives customer advances (net of refunds) for, and contributions in aid of, construction. Borrowings on AWR s and BVESI s credit facilities are used to fund GSWC and BVESI capital expenditures, respectively, until long-term financing is arranged. Overall debt levels are expected to increase to fund a portion of the costs of the capital expenditures that will be made by the regulated utilities. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used of 2.3 million for 2021. The increase in cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was due, in part, to the issuance by BVESI of new unsecured private-placement notes totaling 35.0 million. The proceeds were used to pay down outstanding borrowings under BVESI s credit facility. In addition, during 2021, cash was used for the early redemption of GSWC s 9.56 private-placement notes in the amount of 28.0 million in May 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, AWR had a net increase in borrowings on its credit facilities of 72.0 million to support operations and capital expenditures. During 2021, AWR had a net increase in borrowings on its credit facilities of 71.3 million. 
 GSWC 
 GSWC funds its operating expenses, payments on its debt, dividends on its outstanding common shares, and a portion of its construction expenditures through internal sources. Internal sources of cash flow are provided primarily by retention of a portion of earnings from operating activities. Internal cash generation is influenced by factors such as weather patterns, conservation efforts, environmental regulation, litigation, changes in tax law and deferred taxes, changes in supply costs and regulatory decisions affecting GSWC s ability to recover these supply costs, timing of rate relief, increases in maintenance expenses and capital expenditures, surcharges authorized by the CPUC to enable GSWC to recover expenses previously 
 48 

incurred from customers, and CPUC requirements to refund amounts previously charged to customers. Internal cash flows may also be impacted by delays in receiving payments from GSWC customers due to the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 GSWC may, at times, utilize external sources for long-term financing, as well as obtain funds from equity investments and intercompany borrowings from its parent, AWR, to help fund a portion of its operations and construction expenditures. AWR borrows under a revolving credit facility and provides funds to GSWC in support of its operations under intercompany borrowing arrangements. On April 22, 2022, the AWR credit facility was amended to increase the borrowing capacity from 200.0 million to 280.0 million, which provided an increase in GSWC s borrowing capacity under its intercompany borrowing agreement. All intercompany borrowing agreements expire concurrent with the expiration of AWR s credit facility in May 2023. AWR intends to execute a new intercompany borrowing agreement with GSWC consistent with a new credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC had 129.0 million outstanding under its intercompany borrowing arrangement with AWR. The CPUC requires GSWC to completely pay off all intercompany borrowings with AWR within a 24-month period. On January 31, 2023, GSWC used the proceeds from the issuance of equity to AWR and from the issuance of long-term debt discussed below to pay-off all of its intercompany borrowing from AWR. 
 On December 15, 2022, GSWC executed a note purchase agreement for the issuance of unsecured private placement notes totaling 130.0 million. The note purchase agreement includes a delayed-draw feature that allows for the sale and purchase of the notes to occur on a business day on or prior to March 1, 2023. On January 13, 2023, GSWC, through the delayed-draw feature, requested and issued unsecured private placement notes totaling 130.0 million. GSWC used the proceeds to pay off the majority of outstanding borrowings under the intercompany borrowing arrangement with AWR. 
 In addition, GSWC receives advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. Advances for construction are generally refundable at a rate of 2.5 in equal annual installments over 40 years. Utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from rate base. GSWC amortizes contributions in aid of construction at the same composite rate of depreciation for the related property. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities : 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 94.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 100.3 million for 2021. The overall decrease in GSWC s cash flows from operations was largely due to a decrease in customer cash collections resulting from decreased water consumption brought about by drought conditions and water use restrictions. These under-collections are being captured in the 2022 WRAM balances. Furthermore, the delay in the water general rate case decision has negatively affected cash flows from operating activities as billed revenues in 2022 have been based on 2021 s adopted customer rates while operating expenses have continued to increase. These decreases were partially offset by state relief funds. During the first quarter of 2022, GSWC received 9.5 million in COVID-19 relief funds from the state of California to provide assistance to customers for delinquent water customer bills incurred during the pandemic. The decrease was also partially offset by differences in the timing of vendor payments and income tax paid between the two periods. The timing of cash receipts and disbursements related to other working capital items also affected the change in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities : 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 147.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 124.3 million for 2021, which is mostly related to spending under GSWC s infrastructure investment plans that are consistent with capital budgets authorized in its general rate cases. 
 AWR issued an interest-bearing promissory note to GSWC that expires in May 2023, and that allows AWR to borrow amounts up to 30.0 million for working-capital purposes. During 2021, AWR borrowed and subsequently repaid 26.0 million under the terms of the note. During 2022, there were no borrowings under this arrangement. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities : 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 53.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 11.1 million net cash used for 2021. The higher cash used for financing activities in 2021 was largely due to the early redemption of GSWC s 9.56 private-placement notes in the amount of 28.0 million in May 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, GSWC had an increase in net intercompany borrowings of 80.0 million from AWR parent to support its operations and capital expenditures. During the year ended December 31, 2021, GSWC had an increase in net intercompany borrowings of 49.0 million from AWR parent. The CPUC requires GSWC to fully pay off all intercompany borrowings it has from AWR within a 24-month period. 

49 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Registrant has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. Other items, such as certain purchase commitments, are not recognized as liabilities in the consolidated financial statements but are required to be disclosed. In addition to contractual maturities, Registrant has certain debt instruments that contain annual sinking funds or other principal payments. Registrant believes that it will be able to refinance debt instruments at their maturity through public issuance or private placement of debt or equity. Annual payments to service debt are generally made from cash flows from operations. 
 The following table reflects Registrant s contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments pursuant to contracts as of December 31, 2022. The table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. Therefore, performance obligations associated with our initial 50-year firm, fixed-price contract and additional firm fixed-price contracts with the U.S. government at our contracted services segment are not included in the amounts below. Registrant believes that it will be able to refinance debt instruments at their maturity through public issuance or private placement of debt or equity. Annual payments to service debt are generally made from cash flows from operations. Payments/Commitments Due (1) in thousands) Total Less than 1 Year Notes/Debentures (2) 187,000 Private Placement Notes (3) 250,000 Tax-Exempt Obligations (4) 10,564 178 Other Debt Instruments (5) 2,809 221 Total AWR Long-Term Debt 450,373 399 Credit Facilities (6) 277,500 255,500 Interest on Long-Term Debt (7) 227,661 21,846 Advances for Construction (8) 67,967 3,617 Renewable Energy Credit Agreement (9) 619 619 Purchased Power Contracts (10) 8,966 4,906 Capital Expenditures (11) 94,991 94,991 Water Purchase Agreements (12) 3,066 459 Operating Leases (13) 11,087 2,256 Employer Contributions (14) 2,800 2,800 SUB-TOTAL 694,657 386,994 Other Commitments (15) 10,743 TOTAL 1,155,773 387,393 
 
 (1) Excludes dividends and facility fees. 
 (2) The notes and debentures have been issued by GSWC under an Indenture dated September 1, 1993, as amended in December 2008. The notes and debentures do not contain any financial covenants that Registrant believes to be material or any cross-default provisions. 
 (3) Consists of GSWC senior private placement notes of 215.0 million and BVESI unsecured private placement notes of 35.0 million totaling 250.0 million issued to various banks, including 160.0 million of unsecured private placement notes issued in July 2020 by GSWC and 35.0 million of unsecured private placement notes issued by BVESI in April 2022. Under the terms of each of the senior notes, GSWC may not incur any additional debt or pay any distributions to its shareholders if, after giving effect thereto, it would have a debt to capitalization ratio in excess of 0.6667-to-1 or a debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ratio of more than 8-to-1. GSWC is in compliance with all of its covenant provisions as of December 31, 2022. GSWC does not currently have any outstanding mortgages or other liens on indebtedness on its properties. 
 (4) Consists of obligations at GSWC related to (i) a loan agreement supporting 7.7 million in outstanding debt issued by the California Pollution Control Financing Authority, and (ii) 2.8 million of obligations with respect to GSWC s 500 acre-foot entitlement to water from the State Water Project SWP ). These obligations do not contain any financial covenants 
 50 

believed to be material to Registrant or any cross-default provisions. In regard to its SWP entitlement, GSWC has entered into agreements with various developers for a portion of its 500 acre-foot entitlement to water from the SWP. 
 (5) Consists of the outstanding debt portion of funds received under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for reimbursements of capital costs related to the installation of meters for conversion of non-metered service to metered service in GSWC s Arden-Cordova District. 
 (6) Credit facilities consists of (i) a 280.0 million revolving credit facility under AWR, of which 255.5 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022; and (ii) a 35.0 million revolving credit facility under BVESI, of which 22.0 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 (7) Consists of expected interest expense payments based on the assumption that GSWC s long-term debt remains outstanding until maturity. 
 (8) Advances for construction represent contract refunds mostly from GSWC to developers for the cost of water systems paid for by the developers. The advances are generally refundable in equal annual installments over 40-year periods. 
 (9) Consists of an agreement by BVESI to purchase renewable energy credits through 2023. These renewable energy credits are used to meet California s renewables portfolio standard. 
 (10) Consists of BVESI fixed-cost purchased power contracts executed in September 2019 with Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. 
 (11) Consists primarily of capital expenditures estimated to be required under signed contracts at GSWC and BVESI as of December 31, 2022. 
 (12) Water purchase agreements consist of (i) a remaining amount of 1.5 million under an agreement expiring in 2028 to use water rights from a third party, and (ii) an aggregate amount of 1.6 million of other water purchase commitments with other third parties, which expire between 2025 through 2038. 
 (13) Reflects future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases for both GSWC and ASUS. 
 (14) Consists of expected contributions to Registrant s defined benefit pension plan for the year 2023. Contributions to the pension plan are expected to be the higher of the minimum required contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA or the amounts that are recovered in customer rates and approved by the CPUC. These amounts are estimates and are subject to change based on, among other things, the limits established for federal tax deductibility (pension plan) and the significant impact that returns on plan assets and changes in discount rates have on such amounts. 
 (15) Other commitments consist primarily of (i) 10.1 million in asset retirement obligations of GSWC that reflect the retirement of wells by GSWC, which by law need to be properly capped at the time of removal; (ii) irrevocable letters of credit in the amount of 624,600 for the deductible in Registrant s business automobile insurance policies; and (iii) a 15,000 irrevocable letter of credit issued on behalf of GSWC pursuant to a franchise agreement with the City of Rancho Cordova. All of the letters of credit are issued pursuant to AWR s revolving credit facility. 
 
 BVESI Power-Supply Arrangements 
 BVESI purchased power pursuant to purchased power contracts approved by the CPUC effective in the fourth quarter of 2019 at a fixed cost over three and five-year terms depending on the amount of power and period during which the power is purchased under the contracts. In addition to the purchased power contracts, BVESI buys additional energy to meet peak demand as needed and sells surplus power when necessary. BVESI is pursuing short- and long-term renewable energy contracts to replace any power purchase agreements that have expired in addition to satisfying its requirements related to its resource portfolio for the next compliance period (2021-2024) and beyond. The average price per MWh, including fixed costs, increased to 97.89 per MWh in 2022 from 71.94 per MWh in 2021. However, BVESI has an electric-supply-cost balancing account, as approved by the CPUC, to alleviate any impacts to earnings. 
 Construction Program 
 GSWC maintains an ongoing water distribution main replacement program throughout its customer service areas based on the age and type of distribution-system materials, priority of leaks detected, remaining productive life of the distribution system and an underlying replacement schedule. In addition, GSWC and BVESI upgrade their facilities in accordance with industry standards, local and CPUC requirements, and new legislation. California requires investor-owned electric utilities to submit an annual wildfire mitigation plan to the CPUC for approval, and requires all electric utilities to prepare plans on constructing, maintaining, and operating their electrical lines and equipment to minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfires. 
 51 

As of December 31, 2022, GSWC and BVESI have unconditional purchase obligations for capital projects of approximately 95.0 million. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, GSWC and BVESI had capital expenditures of 174.3 million, 150.6 million and 130.4 million, respectively. A portion of these capital expenditures was funded by developers through contributions in aid of construction, which are not required to be repaid, and refundable advances. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, capital expenditures funded by developers were 6.9 million, 8.0 million and 7.0 million, respectively. During 2023, the water and electric segments company-funded capital expenditures are estimated to be approximately 140 160 million, barring any delays resulting from changes in capital improvement schedules due to supply chain issues or the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. These amounts include approximately 13.6 million estimated to be spent by BVESI on wildfire mitigation projects. 
 
 Contracted Services 
 Under the terms of the current and future utility privatization contracts with the U.S. government, each contract s price is subject to an economic price adjustment EPA on an annual basis. In the event that ASUS (i) is managing more assets at specific military bases than were included in the U.S. government s request for proposal, (ii) is managing assets that are in substandard condition as compared to what was disclosed in the request for proposal, (iii) prudently incurs costs not contemplated under the terms of the utility privatization contract, and/or (iv) becomes subject to new regulatory requirements, such as more stringent water-quality standards, ASUS is permitted to file, and has filed, requests for equitable adjustment REAs ). The timely filing for and receipt of EPAs and/or REAs continues to be critical in order for the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries to recover increasing costs of operating, maintaining, renewing and replacing the water and/or wastewater systems at the military bases it serves. 
 During sequestration or automatic spending cuts, the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries did not experience any earnings impact to their existing operations and maintenance and renewal and replacement services, as utility privatization contracts are an excepted service. With the expiration of sequestration, similar issues including further sequestration pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act may arise as part of the fiscal uncertainty and/or future debt-ceiling limits imposed by Congress. Any future impact on ASUS and its operations through the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries will likely be limited to (a) the timing of funding to pay for services rendered, (b) delays in the processing of EPAs and/or REAs, (c) the timing of the issuance of contract modifications for new construction work not already funded by the U.S. Government, and/or (d) delays in solicitation for and/or awarding of new contracts under the Department of Defense utility privatization program. 
 At times, the DCAA and/or the DCMA may, at the request of a contracting officer, perform audits/reviews of contractors for compliance with certain government guidance and regulations, such as the Federal Acquisition Regulations and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplements. Certain audit/review findings, such as system deficiencies for government-contract-business-system requirements, may result in delays in the resolution of filings submitted to and/or the ability to file new proposals with the U.S. government. 
 Below is a summary of current and projected EPA filings for price adjustments to operations and maintenance fees and renewal and replacement fees for the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries in fiscal 2023. 
 Military Base EPA period Filing Date Fort Bliss (FBWS) October 2022 - September 2023 
 Third Quarter 2022 Joint Base Andrews (TUS) February 2023 - January 2024 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Fort Lee (ODUS) February 2023 - January 2024 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Joint Base Langley Eustis and Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek Fort Story (ODUS) April 2023 - March 2024 
 First Quarter of 2023 Fort Jackson (PSUS) February 2023 - January 2024 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Fort Bragg (ONUS) March 2023 - February 2024 
 First Quarter 2023 Eglin Air Force Base (ECUS) June 2023 - May 2024 
 Second Quarter 2023 Fort Riley (FRUS) July 2023 - June 2024 
 Second Quarter 2023 
 
 52 

Regulatory Matters 
 A discussion on various regulatory matters is included in the section titled Overview in this Form 10-K s " Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." The discussion below focuses on other regulatory matters and developments. 
 Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity 
 GSWC and BVESI hold Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity CPCN granted by the CPUC in each of the ratemaking areas they serve. ASUS is regulated, if applicable, by the state in which it primarily conducts water and/or wastewater operations. FBWS holds a CPCN from the Public Utilities Commission of Texas. The Virginia State Corporation Commission exercises jurisdiction over ODUS as a public service company. The Maryland Public Service Commission approved the right of TUS to operate as a water and wastewater utility at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, based on certain conditions. The South Carolina Public Service Commission exercises jurisdiction over PSUS as a public service company. ONUS is regulated by the North Carolina Public Service Commission. ECUS and FRUS are not subject to regulation by their respective states utility commissions. 
 GSWC and BVESI are subject to regulation by the CPUC which has broad authority over service and facilities, rates, classification of accounts, valuation of properties, the purchase, disposition and mortgaging of properties necessary or useful in rendering public utility service, the issuance of securities, the granting of certificates of public convenience and necessity as to the extension of services and facilities and various other matters. 
 Rates that GSWC and BVESI are authorized to charge are determined by the CPUC in general rate cases and are derived using rate base, cost of service and cost of capital, as projected for a future test year. Rates charged to customers vary according to customer class and rate jurisdiction and are generally set at levels allowing for recovery of prudently incurred costs, including a fair return on rate base. Rate base generally consists of the original cost of utility plant in service, plus certain other assets, such as working capital and inventory, less accumulated depreciation on utility plant in service, deferred income tax liabilities and certain other deductions. 
 GSWC is required to file a water general rate case application every three years according to a schedule established by the CPUC. General rate cases typically include an increase in the first test year with inflation-rate adjustments for expenses for the second and third years of the rate case cycle. For capital projects, there are two test years. Rates are based on a forecast of expenses and capital costs for each test year. GSWC s cost of capital is determined in a separate proceeding. Investor-owned water utilities serving California are required to file their cost of capital applications on a triennial basis. BVESI's general rate cases are typically filed every four years. Rates may also be increased by offsets for certain expense increases, including, but not limited to, supply-cost offset and balancing-account amortization, advice letter filings related to certain plant additions and other operating cost increases. 
 Neither the operations of AWR nor the operations and rates of ASUS are directly regulated by the CPUC. The CPUC does, however, regulate certain transactions between GSWC, BVESI and ASUS and between GSWC and BVESI and AWR. 
 General Rate Cases and Other Regulatory Matters 
 Water Segment 
 Recent Changes in Rates: 
 Rates that GSWC is authorized to charge are determined by the CPUC in general rate cases. GSWC has a pending general rate case that will determine new water rates for the years 2022 2024. In November 2021, GSWC and Public Advocates filed with the CPUC a joint motion to adopt a settlement agreement between GSWC and Public Advocates on this general rate case application. Pending a final decision on this general rate case, GSWC filed with the CPUC for interim rates, which will make the new 2022 rates, once approved in a CPUC final decision, effective January 1, 2022. Due to the delay in finalizing the water general rate case, water revenues billed and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a final decision by the CPUC on this general rate case application. When approved, the new rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2022 and cumulative adjustments will be recorded upon receiving a decision by the CPUC that approves the settlement agreement. 
 Among other things, the settlement authorizes GSWC to complete certain advice letter capital projects approved in the last general rate case, which have been completed for a total capital investment of 9.4 million. The additional annual revenue requirements generated from these capital investments total 1.2 million and became effective February 15, 2022. 
 Pending Cost of Capital Proceeding: 
 GSWC also has a pending cost of capital proceeding that will determine a new return on rate base for the years 2022 2024. While this proceeding is pending, the previously authorized return is presently being billed to water customers during 2022 until a final decision is issued in this proceeding. However, based on management s analysis of this regulatory 
 53 

proceeding and associated accounting to date, for the year ended December 31, 2022, GSWC reduced revenues by 6.4 million and recorded a corresponding regulatory liability for revenues subject to refund based on its best estimate at this time, which includes the impact of GSWC s lower cost of debt requested in its application. However, management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the cost of capital application and the associated impact on 2022 revenues. Changes in estimates will be made, if necessary, as more information in this proceeding becomes available. 
 In the pending cost of capital proceeding, GSWC requested authorization to continue the Water Cost of Capital Mechanism WCCM ). The WCCM adjusts return on equity and rate of return on rate base between the three-year cost of capital proceedings only if there is a positive or negative change of more than 100 basis points in the average of the Moody s Aa utility bond rate as measured over the period October 1 through September 30. If there is a positive or negative change of more than 100 basis points, the return on equity is adjusted by one half of the difference. For the period from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022, the Moody s rate increased by more than 100 basis points from the benchmark, which triggered the WCCM adjustment. The WCCM is expected to be addressed by the CPUC in the pending proposed decision. 
 Electric Segment 
 Recent Changes in Rates 
 In August 2019, the CPUC issued a final decision on the electric segment s general rate case which, among other things, increases adopted revenues by 1.0 million for 2022. On August 30, 2022, BVESI filed a new general rate case application with the CPUC to determine new rates for the years 2023 2026. On December 15, 2022, the CPUC approved a decision for BVESI to establish a general rate case memorandum account that makes the new 2023 rates effective and retroactive to January 1, 2023. 
 Vegetation Management, Wildfire Mitigation Plans and Legislation 
 The CPUC adopted regulations intended to enhance the fire safety of overhead electric power lines. Those regulations included increased minimum clearances around electric power lines. BVESI was authorized to track incremental costs incurred to implement the regulations in a fire hazard prevention memorandum account for the purpose of obtaining cost recovery in a future general rate case. The August 2019 final decision also authorized BVESI to record incremental costs related to vegetation management, such as costs for increased minimum clearances around electric power lines, in the CPUC-approved memorandum account for future recovery. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI had approximately 8.7 million in incremental vegetation management costs recorded as a regulatory asset. As part of its general rate case application filing with the CPUC in August 2022, BVESI requested recovery of the costs accumulated in this memorandum account as of March 31, 2022. 
 California legislation enacted in September 2018 requires all investor-owned electric utilities to have a wildfire mitigation plan WMP approved by the Office of Energy Infrastructure Safety OEIS and ratified by the CPUC. The WMP must include a utility s plans on constructing, maintaining, and operating its electrical lines and equipment to minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfire. BVESI submitted an update to its WMP in May 2022 to OEIS for approval prior to going to the CPUC for ratification. In December 2022, OEIS issued a final decision of approval to BVESI for its 2022 WMP update. In February 2023, the CPUC ratified BVESI s current WMP. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has approximately 4.3 million related to expenses accumulated in its WMP memorandum accounts that have been recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. All capital expenditures and other costs incurred through December 31, 2022 as a result of BVESI s WMPs are not currently in rates and have been filed for future recovery in BVESI s general rate case application in August 2022. 
 Additionally, the governor of California approved Assembly Bill AB 1054 in July 2019 that, among other things, changed the burden of proof applicable in CPUC proceedings in which an electric utility with a valid safety certification seeks to recover wildfire costs. Previously, an electric utility seeking to recover costs had the burden to prove that it acted reasonably. Under AB 1054, if an electric utility has a valid safety certification, it will be presumed to have acted reasonably unless a party to the relevant proceeding creates a serious doubt as to the reasonableness of the utility s conduct. In September 2021, OEIS under the California Natural Resources Agency approved BVESI s latest safety certification filing, which is valid until BVESI s pending safety certification is approved or disapproved. In December 2022, OEIS issued a renewal of its safety certification to BVESI. 
 For more information regarding significant regulatory matters, see Note 3 of Notes to Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 AWR s subsidiaries are subject to stringent environmental regulations. GSWC is required to comply with the safe drinking water standards established by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency U.S. EPA and the Division of Drinking Water DDW ), under the State Water Resources Control Board SWRCB ). The U.S. EPA regulates contaminants that may have adverse health effects that are known or likely to occur at levels of public health concern, and the regulation of which will 
 54 

provide a meaningful opportunity for health risk reduction. The DDW, acting on behalf of the U.S. EPA, administers the U.S. EPA s program in California. Similar state agencies administer these rules in the other states in which Registrant operates. 
 GSWC currently tests its water supplies and water systems according to, among other things, requirements listed in the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA ). GSWC works proactively with third parties and governmental agencies to address issues relating to known contamination threatening GSWC water sources. GSWC also incurs operating costs for testing to determine the levels, if any, of the constituents in its sources of supply, and additional expense to treat contaminants in order to meet the federal and state maximum contaminant level standards and consumer demands. GSWC expects to incur additional capital costs as well as increased operating costs to maintain or improve the quality of water delivered to its customers in light of anticipated stress on water resources associated with watershed and aquifer pollution, drought impacts, as well as to meet future water quality standards and consumer expectations. The CPUC ratemaking process provides GSWC with the opportunity to recover prudently incurred capital and operating costs in future filings associated with achieving water quality standards. Management believes that such incurred and expected future costs should be authorized for recovery by the CPUC. 
 Drinking Water Notification Levels 
 In July 2018, DDW issued drinking water notification levels for certain fluorinated organic chemicals used to make certain fabrics and other materials, and used in various industrial processes. These chemicals were also present in certain fire suppression agents. These chemicals are referred to as perfluoroalkyl substances PFAS ). Notification levels are health-based advisory levels established for contaminants in drinking water for which maximum contaminant levels have not been established. The U.S. EPA has also established health advisory levels for these compounds. Notification to consumers and stakeholders is required when the advisory levels or notification levels are exceeded. Assembly Bill 756, signed into law in July 2019 and effective in January 2020, requires, among other things, additional notifications by water systems when they detect levels of PFAS above response levels. 
 GSWC is in the process of collecting and analyzing samples for PFAS under the direction of DDW. GSWC has removed some wells from service, and expects to incur additional costs to treat impacted wells. GSWC has provided customers with information regarding PFAS detection, and provided updated information via its website. In February 2020, DDW established new response levels for two of the PFAS compounds: 10 parts per trillion ppt for perfluorooctanoic acid PFOA and 40 ppt for perfluorooctanesulfonic acid PFOS ). In March 2021, DDW issued drinking-water notification and response levels of 0.5 parts per billion ppb and 5 ppb, respectively, for perfluorobutane sulfonic acid PFBS ). In June 2022, the U.S. EPA issued interim updated drinking-water health advisories for PFOA and PFOS, and also issued final health advisories for PFBS and other compounds known as GenX chemicals. In October 2022, DDW issued drinking-water notification and response levels of 3 parts per trillion ppt and 20 ppt, respectively, for perfluorohexane sulfonic acid PFHxS ). Through these health advisories, the U.S. EPA has set levels at extremely low amounts, especially for PFOA and PFOS. This potentially may have an impact on the final maximum contaminant levels MCL that the U.S. EPA may require in the near future. Lower MCL levels are expected to be promulgated in 2023/2024 and depending on how low the levels are set, these new requirements will likely increase GSWC s water treatment and other operating costs. 
 Matters Relating to Environmental Cleanup 
 GSWC has been involved in environmental remediation and cleanup at one of its plant sites that contained an underground storage tank which was used to store gasoline for its vehicles. This tank was removed from the ground in July 1990 along with the dispenser and ancillary piping. Since then, GSWC has been involved in various remediation activities at this site. Analysis indicates that off-site monitoring wells may be necessary to document effectiveness of remediation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount spent to clean up and remediate GSWC s plant facility was approximately 6.2 million, of which 1.5 million has been paid by the State of California Underground Storage Tank Fund. Amounts paid by GSWC have been included in rate base and approved by the CPUC for recovery. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC has a regulatory asset and an accrued liability for the estimated additional cost of 1.3 million to complete the cleanup at the site. The estimate includes costs for continued activities of groundwater cleanup and monitoring, future soil treatment, and site closure related activities. The ultimate cost may vary as there are many unknowns in remediation of underground gasoline spills and this is an estimate based on currently available information. Management also believes it is probable that the estimated additional costs will be approved in rate base by the CPUC. 
 Lead and Copper Rule Revisions 
 On December 16, 2021, the U.S. EPA announced the Lead and Copper Rule Revisions under an executive order with a compliance date of October 16, 2024. Additionally, the EPA announced its intention to develop a new proposed rule, the Lead and Copper Rule Improvements LCRI that will further strengthen the regulatory framework prior to the October 2024 compliance date. There are still many unknowns regarding the implementation of the rule. Some of the LCRI requirements may include timely replacement of customer lead service lines, corrosion control treatment, revised lead action levels, customer communications, etc. The details of the requirements will be better understood over the next year once the LCRI is published and a final rule is approved. 
 55 

Matters Relating to Military Utility Privatization Contracts 
 Each of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries is responsible for testing the water and wastewater systems on the military bases on which it operates in accordance with applicable law. 
 Each of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries has the right to seek an equitable adjustment to its contract in the event that there are changes in environmental laws, a change in the quality of water used in providing water service or wastewater discharged by the U.S. government, or contamination of the air or soil not caused by the fault or negligence of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiary. These changes can impact operations and maintenance and renewal and replacement costs under the contracts. The U.S. government is responsible for environmental contamination due to its fault or negligence and for environmental contamination that occurred prior to the execution of a contract. 
 
 Security Issues 
 We have physical and information security policies throughout our operations. Training on these matters begins during employee orientation and is ongoing through a series of training courses in addition to periodic, unannounced training exercises. We collaborate with various agencies, associations and third parties regarding information on possible threats and security measures for our operations. Risk assessments are conducted periodically to evaluate the effectiveness of existing security controls. These assessments provide areas for additional security focus, new controls, and policy changes. 
 Both GSWC and BVESI have security systems and infrastructure in place intended to prevent unlawful intrusion, service disruption and cyber-attacks. GSWC and BVESI utilize a variety of physical security measures to protect their facilities. These measures consider advances in security and emergency preparedness technology and relevant industry developments in developing their respective capital-improvement plans, and both intend to seek approval of the CPUC to recover any additional costs that either may incur in enhancing the security, reliability and resiliency of their utility systems. 
 On October 23, 2018, America s Water Infrastructure Act (AWIA) became law. GSWC must now conduct additional risk and resilience assessments and develop emergency response plans for each of our water systems. These assessments and plans include natural hazards as well as malevolent acts. The first such assessments were completed in 2020. They will be reviewed and resubmitted every five years. 
 The Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries operate facilities within the boundaries of military bases, which provide limited access to the general public. To further enhance security, in prior years, certain upgrades were completed at various military bases through contract modifications funded by the U.S. government. 
 Registrant has evaluated its cyber-security systems and continues to address identified areas of improvement with respect to U.S. government regulations regarding cyber-security of government contractors. These improvements include the physical security at all of the office and employee facilities it operates. Registrant believes it is in compliance with these regulations. 
 Despite its efforts, Registrant cannot guarantee that intrusions, cyber-attacks or other attacks will not cause water or electric system problems, disrupt service to customers, compromise important data or systems or result in unintended release of customer or employee information. 
 Water Supply 
 GSWC 
 During 2022, GSWC delivered approximately 58.0 million hundred cubic feet ccf of water to its customers, which is an average of about 365 acre-feet per day or 119 million gallons per day (an acre-foot is approximately 435.6 ccf or 326,000 gallons). Approximately 52 of GSWC s supply came from groundwater produced from wells situated throughout GSWC s service areas. GSWC supplemented its groundwater production with wholesale purchases from Metropolitan Water District MWD member agencies and regional water suppliers (roughly 45 of total demand) and with authorized diversions from rivers (roughly 3 under agreements with the United States Bureau of Reclamation Bureau and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District SMUD ). GSWC also utilizes recycled water supplies to serve recycled water customers in several service areas. GSWC continually assesses its water rights and groundwater storage assets to maximize use of lower cost groundwater sources where available. 
 Groundwater 
 GSWC has a diverse water supply portfolio which includes adjudicated groundwater rights, surface water rights, and a number of unadjudicated water rights to help meet supply requirements. The productivity of GSWC s groundwater resources varies from year to year depending upon a variety of factors, including natural replenishment from snow-melt or rainfall, the availability of imported replenishment water, the amount of water previously stored in groundwater basins, natural or man- 
 56 

made contamination, legal production limitations, and the amount and seasonality of water use by GSWC s customers and others. GSWC actively participates in efforts to protect groundwater basins from over-use and from contamination. In some periods, these efforts may require reductions in groundwater pumping and increased reliance on alternative water resources. GSWC also participates in implementation of California s Sustainable Groundwater Management Act. 
 From time to time, GSWC may purchase or temporarily use water rights from others for delivery to customers. GSWC has contracts to purchase water or water rights for an aggregate amount of 3.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Included in the 3.1 million is a remaining commitment of 1.5 million under an agreement with the City of Claremont the City to lease water rights that were ascribed to the City as part of the Six Basins adjudication. The initial term of the agreement expires in 2028. GSWC may exercise an option to renew this agreement for 10 additional years. The remaining 1.6 million is for commitments for purchased water with other third parties, which expire through 2038. 
 Imported Water 
 GSWC also manages a portfolio of water supply arrangements with water wholesalers who may import water from outside the immediate service area. For example, GSWC has contracts with various governmental entities and other parties to purchase water through a total of 58 connections for distribution to customers, in addition to numerous emergency connections. MWD is a public agency organized and managed to provide a supplemental, imported supply to its member public agencies. There are 26 such member agencies, consisting of 14 cities, 11 municipal water districts and one county water authority. GSWC has 45 connections to MWD s water distribution facilities and those of member agencies. GSWC purchases MWD water through six separate member agencies aggregating 49,767 acre-feet annually. MWD sources its supplies from Northern California via the State Water Project and the Colorado River through the Colorado River Aqueduct, which it owns and operates, and from local programs and transfer arrangements. 
 MWD currently has supply levels of 1.13 million acre-feet (MAF) with annual demands of approximately 1.71 MAF resulting in a supply gap of 574 thousand acre feet. MWD has available access to store more than 1.65 MAF of water in Lake Mead as part of an intentionally created surplus program developed under a 2007 Interim Shortage agreement and is available for use during dry years. In addition, MWD, along with the seven other Basin states which use water from the Colorado River, developed and agreed to the Drought Contingency Plan in 2019 where each lower Basin state which diverts water from the Colorado River below Lees Ferry agrees to store defined amounts of water in Lake Mead to prevent both Lake Mead and Lake Powell from reaching critically low levels. California is a lower Basin state. On December 1, 2022, the Department of Water Resources set the initial allocation for the water year to 5 due to the possibility that 2023 may be another critically dry year. 
 Drought Impact 
 In May 2018, the California Legislature passed two bills that provide a framework for long-term water-use efficiency standards and drought planning and resiliency. The initial steps in implementation of this legislation have been laid out in a summary document by the California Department of Water Resources DWR and State Water Resources Control Board SWRCB ). Over the next several years, State agencies, water suppliers and other entities will be working to meet the requirements and timelines of plan implementation. A notable milestone is the establishment of an indoor water use standard of 55 gallons per capita per day gpcd until 2025. Legislation signed by the Governor into law in September 2022 has set more stringent indoor standard targets than initially set forth in the 2018 legislation. The indoor standard will now be set at 47 gpcd in 2025 and then reduced to 42 gpcd in 2030 (previously had been set at 52.5 gpcd and 50 gpcd, respectively). 
 California s recent period of multi-year drought has resulted in reduced recharge to the state s groundwater basins. GSWC utilizes groundwater from numerous groundwater basins throughout the state. Several of these basins, especially smaller basins, experienced lower groundwater levels because of the drought. Several of GSWC s service areas rely on groundwater as their only source of supply. Given the critical nature of the groundwater levels in California s Central Coast area, GSWC implemented mandatory water restrictions in certain service areas in accordance with CPUC procedures. In the event of water supply shortages from the locally available supply, GSWC would need to transport additional water from other areas, increasing the cost of water supply. 
 California is potentially entering into a fourth year of drought after experiencing a very dry 2022 Water Year, beginning October 1, 2021 to September 30, 2022, with the driest January to March in 100 years and the period of 2020 to 2022 being the driest 3-year period on record. However, a series of atmospheric storm events this January and February have delivered a promising outlook to the State s supply conditions. As of February 21, 2023, the U.S. Drought Monitor reported that none of California was in Extreme Drought as compared to 41 just three months ago, and 33 of California was in Severe Drought as compared to 85 just three months ago and 66 a year ago. 
 Due to the ongoing dry conditions in 2022, DWR set the State Water Project allocation to only 5 in March 2022. In April 2022, the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California MWD declared a water supply emergency condition for areas of their service area dependent on SWP supplies. This has impacted GSWC s Simi Valley and Claremont service areas, which utilize a portion of their supply from the SWP. This action also includes a phased emergency conservation program that limits outdoor watering in those areas to one day per week. The impacted MWD areas as a whole achieved the goal of meeting their targets for 2022. MWD has continued the emergency conservation plan in 2023 but could modify the plan should the SWP 
 57 

allocation be increased sufficiently in the coming months. DWR announced an updated SWP allocation of 30 on January 26th. However, MWD has not yet announced any change to their emergency conservation plan. 
 On March 28, 2022, the governor of California issued an executive order calling on all urban water suppliers to reduce water use by 20 30 percent. In June 2022, GSWC moved all of its water systems to the second stage of its Water Shortage Contingency Plan that limits outdoor watering to two days per week (except for the Claremont and Simi Valley Systems, which are restricted to one day per week). GSWC will continue to work with its local suppliers to assess water supply conditions and water-use restrictions in its service areas and make appropriate adjustments as needed. In 2021, the CPUC authorized GSWC to track incremental drought-related costs in a memorandum account for future recovery. 
 Prolonged drought conditions also exist on the Colorado River System, which is experiencing historically low reservoir levels in Lake Mead and Lake Powell. Urgent action to reduce water demand on the lower river by 2 to 4 million acre feet annually has been requested by the US Bureau of Reclamation (the Bureau ). Under the 2019 drought contingency plan on the river, the lower basin states (except California) will experience reductions in volume deliveries in 2023. However, on-going negotiations among the basin states to reach a consensus on how to share reductions called by the Bureau may result in proactive actions in 2023 by MWD. On December 13, 2022, MWD declared a regional drought emergency and began discussions among the member agencies to consider the development of a region-wide allocation program that may be adopted and implemented in spring 2023 to reduce demand on the river. The Bureau has initiated a process to prepare a Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement that may result in modifications to the 2007 Interim Storage Agreement and the 2019 Drought Contingency Plan. In addition, the Department of the Interior has recently requested a response plan by January 31, 2023. Two plans were submitted by this deadline by the basin states. California submitted a plan and the other six basin states submitted an alternative plan. California s framework builds on the previously committed 400,000 AF per year savings along with measures to protect storage in Lake Mead and stabilize the river system. The alternative plan relies on accounting for evaporative losses that would heavily impact California. The Department of Interior will consider these two plans in their evaluation of next steps for the river and that response may impact supplies to California in 2023 and beyond. GSWC will continue to monitor developments related to the Colorado River System and assess its impact on GSWC. 
 Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries 
 The U.S. government is responsible for providing the source of supply for all water on each of the bases served by the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries at no cost to the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. Once received from the U.S. government, ASUS s subsidiaries are responsible for ensuring the continued compliance of the provided source of supply with all federal, state and local regulations. Furthermore, ASUS s subsidiaries are responsible for ensuring compliance with the reduction and/or removal of all constituents required under its wastewater treatment plant operating permits. ASUS works closely with state regulators and industry associations to stay current with emergent issues and proactively addresses any change in wastewater treatment regulation to ensure permit compliance. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Registrant is subject to newly issued accounting requirements as well as changes in existing requirements issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

58 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Registrant is exposed to certain market risks, including fluctuations in interest rates, and commodity price risk primarily relating to changes in the market price of electricity. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in prevailing market rates and prices. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 A significant portion of Registrant s capital structure is comprised of fixed-rate debt. Market risk related to our fixed-rate debt is deemed to be the potential increase in fair value resulting from a decrease in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of Registrant s long-term debt was 424.2 million. A hypothetical ten percent change in market interest rates would result in an increase or decrease of approximately 18.0 million in the fair value of Registrant s long-term debt. 
 At December 31, 2022, Registrant did not believe that its short-term debt was subject to interest-rate risk due to the fair market value being approximately equal to the carrying value. 
 Commodity/Derivative Risk 
 BVESI is exposed to commodity price risk primarily relating to changes in the market price of electricity. To manage its exposure to energy price risk, BVESI from time to time executes purchased power contracts that qualify as derivative instruments, requiring mark-to-market derivative accounting under the accounting guidance for derivatives. A derivative financial instrument or other contract derives its value from another investment or designated benchmark. 
 In 2019, BVESI began taking power under long-term contracts at a fixed cost over three- and five-year terms depending on the amount of power and period during which the power is purchased under the contracts. 
 The long-term contracts executed in 2019 qualify for derivative accounting treatment. Among other things, the CPUC authorized BVESI to establish a regulatory memorandum account to offset the mark-to-market entries required by the accounting guidance. Accordingly, all unrealized gains and losses generated from these purchased power contracts are deferred on a monthly basis into a non-interest bearing regulatory memorandum account that tracks the changes in fair value of the derivative throughout the term of the contract. As a result, the unrealized gains and losses on these contracts do not impact Registrant s earnings. As of December 31, 2022, there was an 11.8 million derivative asset on these contracts, with a corresponding regulatory liability in the derivative instrument memorandum account, as a result of an increase in energy prices since the execution of the contracts. 
 Except as discussed above, Registrant has had no other derivative financial instruments, financial instruments with significant off-balance sheet risks or financial instruments with concentrations of credit risk. 
 59 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 American States Water Company Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Capitalization - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Shareholders Equity - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 70 
 Golden State Water Company Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 Statements of Capitalization - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 Statements of Income - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 
 Statements of Changes in Common Shareholder s Equity - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 
 Statements of Cash Flows - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 77 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of American States Water Company 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements of capitalization of American States Water Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of changes in common shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records regulatory assets, which represent probable future recoveries of costs from customers through the ratemaking process, and regulatory liabilities, which represent probable future refunds that are to be credited to customers through the ratemaking process. Accounting for such activities as regulatory assets and liabilities is in accordance with the guidance for accounting for the effects of rate regulation. In determining the probability of costs being recognized in other periods, management considers regulatory rules and decisions, past practices and other facts or circumstances that would indicate if recovery is probable. As of December 31, 2022, there were 76 million of regulatory assets and 102 million of regulatory liabilities. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accounting for the effects of rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in the accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities related to assessing the probability that costs will be recovered or that amounts will be refunded, the timing of recognition of regulatory assets and liabilities as a result of established practice, new or changes in regulatory and legislative proceedings, or other relevant facts and circumstances. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained relating to management s accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment and consideration of regulatory and legislative proceedings and other evidence informing the probability that costs will be recovered, and amounts will be refunded, and the timing of the inclusion of these deferrals in rates as well as the disclosure impacts. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the probability and timing of recovery of regulatory assets and refund of regulatory liabilities based on the Company s correspondence with regulators, status of regulatory proceedings, past practices, and other relevant information; evaluating the related accounting and disclosure implications; and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities balances based on provisions and formulas outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with the Company s regulator. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Golden State Water Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets and statements of capitalization of Golden State Water Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, of changes in common shareholder s equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company records regulatory assets, which represent probable future recoveries of costs from customers through the ratemaking process, and regulatory liabilities, which represent probable future refunds that are to be credited to customers through the ratemaking process. Accounting for such activities as regulatory assets and liabilities is in accordance with the guidance for accounting for the effects of rate regulation. In determining the probability of costs being recognized in other periods, management considers regulatory rules and decisions, past practices and other facts or circumstances that would indicate if recovery is probable. As of December 31, 2022, there were 55 million of regulatory assets and 82 million of regulatory liabilities. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accounting for the effects of rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in the accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities related to assessing the probability that costs will be recovered or that amounts will be refunded, the timing of recognition of regulatory assets and liabilities as a result of established practice, new or changes in regulatory and legislative proceedings, or other relevant facts and circumstances. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained relating to management s accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment and consideration of regulatory and legislative proceedings and other evidence informing the probability that costs will be recovered, and amounts will be refunded, and the timing of the inclusion of these deferrals in rates as well as the disclosure impacts. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the probability and timing of recovery of regulatory assets and refund of regulatory liabilities based on the Company s correspondence with regulators, status of regulatory proceedings, past practices, and other relevant information; evaluating the related accounting and disclosure implications; and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities balances based on provisions and formulas outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with the Company s regulator. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

64 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Assets Utility Plant Regulated utility plant, at cost: Water Electric Total Non-regulated utility property, at cost Total utility plant, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction work in progress Net utility plant Other Property and Investments Goodwill Other property and investments Total other property and investments Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable customers, less allowance for doubtful accounts Unbilled revenue receivable (Note 2) Receivable from U.S. government, less allowance for doubtful accounts (Note 2) Other accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts Income taxes receivable Materials and supplies Regulatory assets current Prepayments and other current assets Contract assets (Note 2) Purchase power contract derivative at fair value Total current assets Other Assets Unbilled revenue receivable from U.S. government (Note 2) Receivable from U.S. government (Note 2) Contract assets (Note 2) Operating lease right-of-use assets Regulatory assets Other Total other assets Total Assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Capitalization and Liabilities Capitalization Common shareholders equity Long-term debt Total capitalization Current Liabilities Notes payable to banks Long-term debt current Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued other taxes Accrued employee expenses Accrued interest Regulatory liabilities Contract liabilities (Note 2) Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Other Credits Notes payable to banks Advances for construction Contributions in aid of construction net Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Unamortized investment tax credits Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits Operating lease liabilities Other Total other credits Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 14 and 15) Total Capitalization and Liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION 

December 31, (in thousands, except number of shares) 2022 2021 Common Shareholders Equity: Common Shares, par value: 
 Authorized: shares 
 Outstanding: shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 
 Reinvested earnings in the business Long-Term Debt Notes/Debentures: notes due 2028 
 notes due 2029 
 notes due 2030 
 notes due 2031 
 notes due 2041 
 Private Placement Notes: notes due 2029 
 notes due 2028 
 notes due 2030 
 notes due 2040 
 notes due 2032 
 notes due 2037 
 Tax-Exempt Obligations: notes due 2026 
 State Water Project due 2035 Other Debt Instruments: American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Obligation due 2033 Less: Current maturities ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total Capitalization 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Revenues Water Electric Contracted services Total operating revenues Operating Expenses Water purchased Power purchased for pumping Groundwater production assessment Power purchased for resale Supply cost balancing accounts ) ) ) Other operation Administrative and general Depreciation and amortization Maintenance Property and other taxes ASUS construction (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) ) Total operating expenses Operating Income Other Income and Expenses Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other, net Total other income and expenses ) ) ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net Income Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Basic Earnings Per Common Share Weighted Average Number of Diluted Shares Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share Dividends Paid Per Common Share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES 
 IN COMMON SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Shares Reinvested Number Earnings of in the (in thousands) Shares Amount Business Total Balances at December 31, 2019 Add: Net income Exercise of stock options and other issuance of Common Shares Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2020 Add: Net income Exercise of stock options and other issuance of Common Shares Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2021 Add: Net income Exercise of stock options and other issuance of Common Shares Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits Stock-based compensation expense (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) ) Loss (gain) on investments held in a trust ) ) Other net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable customers ) ) Unbilled revenue receivable ) ) Other accounts receivable ) ) Receivables from the U.S. government ) ) ) Materials and supplies ) ) ) Prepayments and other assets Contract assets ) ) Regulatory assets/liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes receivable/payable ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Other investments ) ) ) Net cash used ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from stock option exercises Receipt of advances for and contributions in aid of construction Refunds on advances for construction ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs Net change in notes payable to banks ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Assets Utility Plant, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction work in progress Net utility plant Other Property and Investments Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable customers, less allowance for doubtful accounts Unbilled revenue receivable Other accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts Intercompany receivable Income taxes receivable from Parent Materials and supplies Regulatory assets current Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Other Assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total Assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Capitalization and Liabilities Capitalization Common shareholder s equity Long-term debt Total capitalization Current Liabilities Long-term debt current Accounts payable Income taxes payable to Parent Accrued other taxes Accrued employee expenses Accrued interest Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Other Credits Intercompany note payable Advances for construction Contributions in aid of construction net Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Unamortized investment tax credits Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits Operating lease liabilities Other Total other credits Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 14 and 15) Total Capitalization and Liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION 

December 31, (in thousands, except number of shares) 2022 2021 Common Shareholder s Equity: Common Shares, par value: 
 Authorized: shares 
 Outstanding: shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 
 Reinvested earnings in the business Long-Term Debt Notes/Debentures: notes due 2028 
 notes due 2029 
 notes due 2030 
 notes due 2031 
 notes due 2041 
 Private Placement Notes: notes due 2029 
 notes due 2028 
 notes due 2030 
 notes due 2040 
 Tax-Exempt Obligations: notes due 2026 
 State Water Project due 2035 Other Debt Instruments: American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Obligation due 2033 Less: Current maturities ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total Capitalization 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Revenues Water Electric (Note 20) Total operating revenues Operating Expenses (Note 20) Water purchased Power purchased for pumping Groundwater production assessment Power purchased for resale Supply cost balancing accounts ) ) ) Other operation Administrative and general Depreciation and amortization Maintenance Property and other taxes Gain on sale of assets ) Total operating expenses Operating Income (Note 20) Other Income and Expenses Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other, net ) Total other income and expenses ) ) ) Income from operations before income tax expense Income tax expense Net Income (Note 20) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN 
 COMMON SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 

Common Shares Reinvested Number Earnings of in the (in thousands, except number of shares) Shares Amount Business Total Balances at December 31, 2019 Add: Net income Issuance of Common Shares to Parent Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Distribution of BVESI common shares to AWR parent (Note 20) Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2020 Add: Net income Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2021 Add: Net income Stock-based compensation, net of taxes paid from shares withheld from employees related to net share settlements Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Deduct: Dividends on Common Shares Dividend equivalent rights on stock-based awards not paid in cash Balances at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sale of assets ) Loss (gain) on investments held in a trust ) ) Other net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable customers ) ) Unbilled revenue receivable ) ) Other accounts receivable ) Materials and supplies ) ) ) Prepayments and other assets Regulatory assets/liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) Intercompany receivable/payable ) ) Income taxes receivable/payable from/to Parent ) ) Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Note receivable from AWR parent ) ) Receipt of payment of note receivable from AWR parent Proceeds from sale of assets Other investments ) ) ) Net cash used ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of Common Shares to Parent Receipt of advances for and contributions in aid of construction Refunds on advances for construction ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs Net change in intercompany borrowings ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 million people in states. 
 GSWC and BVESI are both California public utilities, with GSWC engaged in the purchase, production, distribution and sale of water throughout California serving approximately customers, while BVESI distributes electricity in several San Bernardino County mountain communities in California serving approximately customers. The California Public Utilities Commission CPUC regulates GSWC s and BVESI s businesses in matters including properties, rates, services, facilities, and transactions between GSWC, BVESI, and their affiliates. 
 ASUS, through its Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries, operates, maintains and performs construction activities (including renewal and replacement capital work) on water and/or wastewater systems at various U.S. military bases pursuant to an initial -year firm fixed-price contract with the U.S. government. These contracts are subject to annual economic price adjustments and modifications for changes in circumstances, changes in laws and regulations and additions to the contract value for new construction of facilities at the military bases. 
 There is no direct regulatory oversight by the CPUC over AWR or the operations, rates or services provided by ASUS or the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. 
 Basis of Presentation : The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are presented in a combined report filed by separate Registrants: AWR and GSWC. References in this report to Registrant are to AWR and GSWC, collectively, unless otherwise specified. AWR owns all of the outstanding Common Shares of GSWC, BVESI and ASUS. ASUS owns all of the outstanding common shares of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. The consolidated financial statements of AWR include the accounts of AWR and its subsidiaries. These financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in the AWR consolidated financial statements. 
 million outstanding under its intercompany borrowing arrangement with AWR. The intercompany borrowing agreement with AWR is considered a short-term debt arrangement by the CPUC and GSWC has been authorized by the CPUC to borrow under this arrangement for a term of up to months. Borrowings under this arrangement are, therefore, required to be fully paid off within a -month period. On January 31, 2023, GSWC used the proceeds from the issuance of equity to AWR (Note 7) and from the issuance of long-term debt (Note 10) to pay-off all of its intercompany borrowing from AWR. Accordingly, the million outstanding has been refinanced in January 2023 on a long-term basis and is, therefore, classified as a non-current liability under Other Credits in GSWC s Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 million , million and million, respectively, of corporate office administrative and general costs. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, GSWC allocated corporate office administrative and general costs to BVESI of approximately million million and million, respectively. BVESI assumed operations of the electric segment on July 1, 2020. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 of the total residential customers during the previous calendar year. 
 Beginning in 2020, the pandemic and its lingering effects caused volatility in financial markets resulting in fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets in GSWC s pension and other retirement plans. In addition, the economic impact of the pandemic has also significantly increased the amount of delinquent customer accounts receivable throughout the pandemic, resulting in both GSWC and BVESI increasing their allowance for doubtful accounts. The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to track incremental costs, including bad debt expense, in excess of what is included in their respective revenue requirements incurred as a result of the pandemic in COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts, which GSWC and BVESI intend to file with the CPUC for future recovery. 
 On July 12, 2021, the governor of California approved SB-129 Budget Act of 2021, in which nearly billion in relief funding for overdue water customer bills, and nearly billion in relief funding for overdue electric customer bills were included. The water customer relief funding is being managed by the State Water Resources Control Board SWRCB through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program to provide assistance to customers for their water debt accrued during the COVID-19 pandemic by remitting federal funds that the state received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to the utility on behalf of eligible customers. 
 In January 2022, GSWC received million in COVID relief funds through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program to provide assistance to customers for their water debt accrued during the COVID-19 pandemic by remitting federal funds that the state received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to the utility on behalf of eligible customers. GSWC applied these funds to its delinquent customers eligible balances. In February and December 2022, BVESI received and , respectively, from the state of California for similar customer relief funding for unpaid electric customer bills incurred during the pandemic. The CPUC requires that amounts tracked in GSWC s and BVESI s COVID-19 memorandum accounts for unpaid customer bills be first offset by any (i) federal and state relief for water or electric utility bill debt, and (ii) customer payments through payment plan arrangements, prior to receiving recovery from customers at large. After these offsets are made, GSWC will file with the CPUC for recovery of the remaining balance. BVESI intends to include the remaining balance in its COVID-19 emergency related memorandum account for recovery once all alternative sources of funding have been exhausted and credited to eligible customer accounts. 
 During the first half of 2022, GSWC and BVESI continued to experience delinquent customer accounts receivable due to the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC and BVESI had approximately million and , respectively, in regulatory asset accounts related to bad debt expense in excess of their revenue requirements, the purchase of personal protective equipment, additional incurred printing costs, and other incremental COVID-19-related costs. Emergency-type memorandum accounts are well-established cost recovery mechanisms authorized as a result of a state/federal declared emergency, and are therefore recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. As a result, the amounts recorded in the COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts have not impacted GSWC s or BVESI s earnings. 
 ASUS has experienced some delays in receiving contract modifications from the U.S. government for additional construction projects due to government staffing shortages resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic but this has not had a material impact on its current operations. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

for each of the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. Depreciation expense for regulated utilities, excluding amortization expense and depreciation on transportation equipment, totale d million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation computed on regulated utilities transportation equipment is recorded in other operating expenses and totaled , and for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Retired property costs, including costs of removal, are charged to the accumulated provision for depreciation. 
 years to years 
 Pumping years to years 
 Water treatment years to years 
 Transmission and distribution years to years 
 Generation years Other plant years to years 
 
 Non-regulated property consists primarily of equipment utilized by ASUS and its subsidiaries for its operations. This property is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, which is calculated using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the assets. 
 legal obligation to do so. There are no CPUC rules or regulations that require GSWC to remove any of its other long-lived assets. In addition, GSWC s water pipelines are not subject to regulation by any federal regulatory agency. GSWC has franchise agreements with various municipalities in order to use the public right of way for utility purposes (i.e., operate water distribution and transmission assets), and if certain events occur in the future, GSWC could be required to remove or relocate certain of its pipelines. However, it is not possible to estimate an asset retirement amount since the timing and the amount of assets that may be required to be removed, if any, is not known. 
 Amounts recorded for asset retirement obligations are subject to various assumptions and determinations, such as determining whether a legal obligation exists to remove assets, estimating the fair value of the costs of removal, when final removal will occur and the credit-adjusted risk-free interest rates to be utilized on discounting future liabilities. Changes that may arise over time with regard to these assumptions will change amounts recorded in the future. Revisions in estimates for 
 79 

Table of Contents 

impairment loss was incurred. 
 million of goodwill. The million goodwill arose from ASUS s acquisition of a subcontractor s business at some of the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries. In accordance with the accounting guidance for testing goodwill, AWR annually assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For 2022 and 2021, AWR s assessment of qualitative factors did not indicate that an impairment had occurred for goodwill at ASUS. 

and , respectively in AFUDC. 
 
 years. In certain instances, GSWC makes refunds on these advances over a specific period of time based on operating revenues related to the main or as new customers are connected to receive service from the main. Contributions in aid of construction are similar to advances but require no refunding. Generally, GSWC and BVESI depreciate contributed property and amortize contributions in aid of construction at the composite rate of the related property. Utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from rate base. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 million of new debt issued in April 2022 by BVESI and debt held by GSWC. As of December 31, 2021, all outstanding long-term debt was held by GSWC. 
 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Carrying Amount Fair Value Long-term debt GSWC (1) 

(1) Excludes debt issuance costs and redemption premiums. 
 The accounting guidance for fair value measurements applies to all financial assets and financial liabilities that are being measured and reported on a fair value basis. Under the accounting guidance, Registrant makes fair value measurements on its publicly issued notes, private placement notes and other long-term debt using current U.S. corporate bond yields for similar debt instruments. Under the fair value guidance, these are classified as Level 2, which consists of quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Long-term debt GSWC 

Note 2 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 business days from the billing date. Unbilled revenues are amounts estimated to be billed for usage since the last meter-reading date to the end of the accounting period. The most recent customer billed usage forms the basis for estimating unbilled revenue. 
 GSWC and BVESI bill certain sales and use taxes levied by state or local governments to its customers. Included in these sales and use taxes are franchise fees, which are paid to various municipalities and counties (based on their ordinances) in order to use public rights of way for utility purposes. GSWC and BVESI bill these franchise fees to its customers based on a CPUC-authorized rate for each ratemaking area as applicable. These franchise fees, which are required to be paid regardless of GSWC s or BVESI s ability to collect them from its customers, are accounted for on a gross basis. Franchise fees billed to customers and recorded as operating revenue were approximately million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. When GSWC or BVESI acts as an agent, where the tax is not required to be remitted if it is not collected from customers, the tax is accounted for on a net basis. 
 As currently authorized by the CPUC, GSWC and BVESI record in revenues the difference between the adopted level of volumetric revenues as authorized by the CPUC for metered accounts (volumetric revenues) and the actual volumetric revenues recovered in customer rates. For GSWC, the difference is tracked under the Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism WRAM regulatory accounts, and for BVESI the difference is tracked in the Base Revenue Requirement Adjustment Mechanism BRRAM regulatory account. If this difference results in an under-collection of revenues, additional revenue is recorded only to the extent that the difference is expected to be collected within months following the end of the year in which they are recorded in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations . 
 ASUS s initial -year firm fixed-price contract and additional firm fixed-price contracts, together referred to as -year contract with the U.S. government are considered service concession arrangements under ASC 853 Service Concession Arrangements . Accordingly, the services under these contracts are accounted for under Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the water and/or wastewater systems are not recorded as Property, Plant and Equi pment on Registrant s balance sheet. For ASUS, performance obligations consist of (i) performing ongoing operation and maintenance of the water and/or wastewater systems and treatment plants for each military base served, and (ii) performing construction activities (including renewal and replacement capital work) on each military base served. The transaction price for each performance obligation is either delineated in, or initially derived from, the applicable -year contract and/or any subsequent contract modifications. Depending on the state in which operations are conducted, the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries are also subject to certain state non-income tax assessments, which are accounted for on a gross basis and have been immaterial to date. 
 The ongoing performance of operation and maintenance of the water and/or wastewater systems and treatment plants is viewed as a single performance obligation for each -year contract with the U.S. government. Registrant recognizes revenue for operations and maintenance fees monthly using the right to invoice practical expedient under ASC Topic 606. ASUS has a right to consideration from the U.S. government in an amount that corresponds directly to the value to the U.S. government of ASUS s performance completed to-date. The contractual operations and maintenance fees are firm-fixed, and the level of effort or resources expended in the performance of the operations-and-maintenance-fees performance obligation is largely consistent over the -year term. Therefore, Registrant has determined that the monthly amounts invoiced for operations and maintenance performance are a fair reflection of the value transferred to the U.S. government. Invoices to the U.S. government for operations and maintenance service, as well as construction activities, are due upon receipt. 
 ASUS s construction activities consist of various projects to be performed. Each of these capital upgrade projects transaction prices are delineated either in the -year contract or through a specific contract modification for each construction project, which includes the transaction price for that project. For renewal and replacement projects, the initial transaction price is based on the individual scope of work in accordance with contractual unit prices within the -year contract. Each construction project is viewed as a separate, single performance obligation. Therefore, it is generally unnecessary to allocate a construction transaction price to more than construction performance obligation. Revenues for construction activities are recognized over time, with progress toward completion measured based on the input method using costs incurred relative to the total estimated costs (cost-to-cost method). Due to the nature of these construction projects, Registrant has determined the cost-to-cost input measurement to be the best method to measure progress towards satisfying its construction contract performance obligations, as compared to using an output measurement such as units produced. Changes in job performance, job site conditions, change orders and/or estimated profitability may result in revisions to costs and income for ASUS, and are recognized in the period in which any such revisions are determined. Pre-contract costs for ASUS, which consist of design and 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 of total water revenues, and of total electric revenues. The vast majority of ASUS s revenues are from the U.S. government. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers by segment are as follows: 
 CPUC-approved surcharges (cost-recovery activities) Other Water revenues from contracts with customers 
 WRAM under/(over)-collection (alternative revenue program) ) ) Total water revenues 
 Electric: Tariff-based revenues CPUC-approved surcharges (cost-recovery activities) Electric revenues from contracts with customers 
 BRRAM under-collection (alternative revenue program) Total electric revenues Contracted services: Water Wastewater Contracted services revenues from contracts with customers Total revenues 
 Receivable from the U.S. government Contract assets Contract liabilities 
 Unbilled receivables and Receivable from the U.S. government represent receivables where the right to payment is conditional only by the passage of time. 
 Contract Assets - Contract assets are assets of ASUS and consist of unbilled revenues recognized from work-in-progress construction projects, where the right to payment is conditional on something other than the passage of time. The classification of this asset as current or noncurrent is based on the timing of when ASUS expects to bill these amounts. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 billion. AWR expects to recognize revenue on these remaining performance obligations over the remaining terms of each of the -year contracts, which range from to years. Each of the contracts with the U.S. government is subject to termination, in whole or in part, prior to the end of its -year term for the convenience of the U.S. government. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 
 million of regulatory liabilities, net of regulatory assets, not accruing carrying costs. Of this amount, (i) million of regulatory liabilities are excess deferred income taxes arising from the lower federal income tax rate under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017 that are being refunded to customers (Note 11), (ii) million of net regulatory liabilities relates to flow-through deferred income taxes including the gross-up portion on the deferred tax resulting from the excess deferred income tax regulatory liability (Note 11), (iii) million of regulatory assets relates to the underfunded position in Registrant s pension and other post-retirement obligations (excluding the two-way pension balancing accounts), and (iv) million regulatory liability related to a memorandum account authorized by the CPUC to track unrealized gains and losses on BVESI s purchase power contracts over the term of the contracts. The remainder relates to other items that do not provide for or incur carrying costs. 
 Regulatory assets represent costs incurred by GSWC and/or BVESI for which they have received or expect to receive rate recovery in the future. In determining the probability of costs being recognized in other periods, GSWC and BVESI consider regulatory rules and decisions, past practices, and other facts or circumstances that would indicate if recovery is probable. If the CPUC determines that a portion of either GSWC s or BVESI s assets are not recoverable in customer rates, the applicable utility must determine if it has suffered an asset impairment that requires it to write down the asset s value. Regulatory assets are offset against regulatory liabilities within each ratemaking area. Amounts expected to be collected or refunded in the next twelve months have been classified as current assets and current liabilities by ratemaking area. 
 Pensions and other post-retirement obligations (Note 12) COVID-19 memorandum account Other regulatory assets Excess deferred income taxes (Note 11) ) ) Flow-through taxes, net (Note 11) ) ) Other regulatory liabilities ) ) Total GSWC ) ) BVESI Derivative instrument memorandum account (Note 5) ) ) Wildfire mitigation and other fire prevention related costs memorandum accounts Other regulatory assets Other regulatory liabilities ) ) Total AWR ) ) 
 Water General Rate Case: 
 In July 2020, GSWC filed a general rate case application for all of its water regions and its general office. This general rate case will determine new water rates for the years 2022 2024. In November 2021, GSWC and the Public Advocates Office at the CPUC Public Advocates filed with the CPUC a joint motion to adopt a settlement agreement between GSWC and Public Advocates on this general rate case application. The settlement agreement, if approved, resolves all issues related to the 2022 annual revenue requirement in the general rate case application, with the exception of unresolved issues. Due to the delay in finalizing the water general rate case, water revenues billed and recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on 2021 adopted rates, pending a final decision by the CPUC in this general rate case application. When approved, the new rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2022, and cumulative adjustments will be recorded upon receiving a decision by the CPUC that approves the settlement agreement. In January 2023, the CPUC issued a decision approving a second request for extension of the statutory deadline for a final decision in the water general rate case proceeding to April 7, 2023. 

85 

Table of Contents 

 million and recorded a corresponding regulatory liability for revenues subject to refund based on its best estimate, which relates to the impact of GSWC s lower cost of debt requested in its application. However, at this time, management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the cost of capital application and the associated impact on 2022 revenues. Changes in estimates will be made, if necessary, as more information in this proceeding becomes available. 
 Alternative-Revenue Programs: 
 GSWC records the difference between what it bills its water customers and that which is authorized by the CPUC using the Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism WRAM and the Modified Cost Balancing Account MCBA accounts approved by the CPUC. The over- or under-collection of the WRAM is aggregated with the MCBA over- or under-collection for the corresponding ratemaking area and bears interest at the current -day commercial-paper rate . Surcharges and surcredits have been implemented for all pre-2022 WRAM/MCBA balances. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of pre-2022 WRAM/MCBA balances were recovered through surcharges. 
 During 2022, GSWC recorded an additional million net un der-collection in the WRAM/MCBA, based on 2021 authorized amounts, pending a final decision on the water general rate case. Once the CPUC issues a final decision on the general rate case, the WRAM and MCBA amounts recorded in 2022 will be updated to reflect the authorized 2022 amounts. The 2022 WRAM/MCBA balances represent under-collections in WRAM amounts due to a decrease in customer consumption as compared to adopted, as well as an under-collection of supply costs incurred and recorded in the MCBA due to a higher volume of purchased water as compared to adopted. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC had an aggregated regulatory asset of million, which is comprised of a million under-collection in the WRAM accounts and a million under-collection in the MCBA accounts. 
 As required by the accounting guidance for alternative revenue programs, GSWC is required to collect its WRAM balances within months following the end of the year in which an under-collection is recorded. As of December 31, 2022, there were material WRAM under-collections that were estimated to be collected over more than months. 
 Pensions and Other Post-retirement Obligations : 
 A regulatory asset has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the costs that would otherwise be charged to other comprehensive income within shareholders equity for the underfunded status of Registrant s pension and other post-retirement benefit plans because the cost of these plans has historically been recovered through rates. As discussed in Note 12, as of December 31, 2022, Registrant s underfunded position for these plans that have been recorded as a regulatory asset totaled million. Registrant expects this regulatory asset to be recovered through rates in future periods. 
 The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to each use two-way balancing accounts to track differences between the forecasted annual pension expenses adopted in their respective customer rates and the actual annual expense to be recorded in accordance with the accounting guidance for pension costs. The two-way balancing accounts bear interest at the current -day commercial paper rate. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC has a million over-collection related to the general office and water regions, and BVESI has a over-collection in its two-way balancing account. 
 COVID-19 Emergency Memorandum Accounts : 
 During the first half of 2022, GSWC and BVESI continued to experience delinquent customer accounts receivable due to the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in both GSWC and BVESI increasing their allowances for doubtful accounts since the end of 2021. The CPUC has authorized GSWC and BVESI to track incremental costs, including bad debt expense, in excess of what is included in their respective revenue requirements incurred as a result of the pandemic in COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts, which GSWC and BVESI intend to file with the CPUC for future recovery. 
 As of December 31, 2022, GSWC and BVESI had approximately million and , respectively, in regulatory asset accounts related to bad debt expense in excess of their revenue requirements, the purchase of per sonal protective equipment, additional incurred printing costs, and other incremental COVID-19-related costs. Emergency-related memorandum accounts are well-established cost recovery mechanisms authorized as a result of a state/federal declared emergency, and are therefore recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. As a result, the amounts recorded in the COVID-19 emergency-related memorandum accounts have not impacted GSWC s or BVESI s earnings. 
 In January 2022, GSWC received million in COVID relief funds through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program to provide assistance to customers for their water debt accrued during the COVID-19 pandemic by 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 from the state of California for similar customer relief funding for unpaid electric customer bills incurred during the pandemic. 
 The CPUC requires that amounts tracked in GSWC s and BVESI s COVID-19 memorandum accounts for unpaid customer bills be first offset by any (i) federal and state relief for water or electric utility bill debt, and (ii) customer payments through payment plan arrangements, prior to receiving recovery from customers at large. After these offsets are made, GSWC will file with the CPUC for recovery of the remaining balance. BVESI intends to include the remaining balance in its COVID-19 memorandum account for recovery once all alternative sources of funding have been exhausted and credited to eligible customer accounts. 
 The CPUC s moratoriums on service disconnections for nonpayment for water and electric customers have ended. As a result, service disconnections due to nonpayment have resumed with disconnections for delinquent residential customers having resumed in June 2022. 
 Other BVESI Regulatory Assets: 
 Wildfire Mitigation and Other Fire Prevention Related Costs Memorandum Accounts 
 The CPUC adopted regulations intended to enhance the fire safety of overhead electric power lines. Those regulations included increased minimum clearances around electric power lines. BVESI was authorized to track incremental costs incurred to implement the regulations in a fire hazard prevention memorandum account for the purpose of obtaining cost recovery in a future general rate case. In August 2019, the CPUC issued a final decision on the electric general rate case, which set new rates through the year 2022. Among other things, the decision authorized BVESI to record incremental costs related to vegetation management, such as costs for increased minimum clearances around electric power lines, in the CPUC-approved memorandum account for future recovery. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has approximately million in incremental vegetation management costs recorded as a regulatory asset, which has been included in its general rate case application filed with the CPUC in August 2022 for future recovery. The incremental costs related to vegetation management included in the memorandum account will be subject to review during the general rate case proceeding. 
 California legislation enacted in September 2018 requires all investor-owned electric utilities to submit an annual wildfire mitigation plan WMP to the CPUC for approval. The WMP must include a utility s plans on constructing, maintaining and operating its electrical lines and equipment to minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfire. BVESI submitted an update to its WMP in May 2022 to OEIS for approval prior to going to the CPUC for ratification. In December 2022, OEIS issued a final decision of approval to BVESI for its 2022 WMP update and in February 2023, the CPUC ratified BVESI s current WMP. 
 Capital expenditures and other costs incurred as a result of the WMP are subject to CPUC audit. As a result, the CPUC s Wildfire Safety Division (now part of the California Natural Resources Agency effective July 1, 2021) engaged an independent accounting firm to conduct examinations of the expenses and capital investments identified in the 2019 and 2020 WMPs for each of the investor-owned electric utilities, including BVESI. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has approximately million related to expenses accumulated in its WMP memorandum accounts that have been recognized as regulatory assets for future recovery. In December 2021, the independent accounting firm issued its final examination report, which contains the auditors results and recommendations. While the final report did not identify any findings of inappropriate costs included in the WMP memorandum accounts under review, the report suggested that the CPUC should evaluate whether some of the costs recorded in the WMP memorandum accounts are incremental to what is being recovered in customer rates in its general rate case proceeding. At this time, BVESI considers the auditor s examination complete and does not expect further developments. 
 All capital expenditures and other costs incurred through December 31, 2022 as a result of BVESI s WMPs are not currently in rates and have been filed for future recovery in BVESI's general rate case application. These costs will be subject to review during the general rate case proceeding and the CPUC may refer to the recommendations of the independent auditor s report at that time. 
 Other Regulatory Assets: 

87 

Note 4 
 Intangible assets Source of water supply Pumping Water treatment Transmission and distribution Other Electric (Note 20) Transmission and distribution Generation Other (1) 
 Less accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) Construction work in progress Net utility plant 
 
 (1) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for studies performed in association with the electric segment. 
 years Water and service rights (2) 
 years Water planning studies years Total intangible assets Less accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net of amortization Intangible assets not subject to amortization (3) 

(2) for contracted services included in Other Property and Investments on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization of intangible assets was , and , respectively, for both AWR and GSWC. 
 
 88 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 Asset Retirement Obligations : 
 Additional liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) Accretion Obligation at December 31, 2021 Accretion Obligation at December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 5 
 terms depending on the amount of power and period during which the power is purchased under the contracts. These long-term contracts are subject to the accounting guidance for derivatives and require mark-to-market derivative accounting. Among other things, the CPUC authorized BVESI to establish a regulatory asset and liability memorandum account to offset the mark-to-market entries required by the accounting guidance. Accordingly, all unrealized gains and losses generated from these purchased power contracts are deferred on a monthly basis into a non-interest bearing regulatory memorandum account that tracks the changes in fair value of the derivative throughout the term of the contract. As a result, these unrealized gains and losses do not impact Registrant s earnings. As of December 31, 2022, there was an million derivative asset with a corresponding regulatory liability in the derivative instrument memorandum account for the purchased power contract as a result of the fixed prices being lower than the futures energy prices. The notional volume of derivatives remaining under these long-term contracts as of December 31, 2022 was approximately megawatt hours. 
 The accounting guidance for fair value measurements establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires fair value measurements to be classified and disclosed in one of three levels. Registrant s valuation model utilizes various inputs that include quoted market prices for energy over the duration of the contracts. The market prices used to determine the fair value for these derivative instruments were estimated based on independent sources such as broker quotes and publications that are not observable in or corroborated by the market. When such inputs have a significant impact on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized as Level 3. Accordingly, the valuation of the derivatives on Registrant s purchased power contracts have been classified as Level 3 for all periods presented. 
 The change in fair value was due to the change in market energy prices for the years 2022 and 2021. 
 ) Unrealized gain on purchased power contracts Fair value at end of the period 

89 

Note 6 
 -year contract between the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries and the U.S. government. Under the terms of each of these agreements, the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries agree to operate and maintain the water and/or wastewater systems for: (i) a monthly net fixed-price for operation and maintenance, and (ii) an amount to cover renewal and replacement capital work. In addition, these contracts may also include firm, fixed-priced initial capital upgrade projects to upgrade the existing infrastructure. Contract modifications are also issued for other necessary capital upgrades to the existing infrastructure approved by the U.S. government. 
 Under the terms of each of these contracts, prices are subject to an economic price adjustment EPA provision, on an annual basis. Prices may also be equitably adjusted for changes in law and other circumstances. ASUS is permitted to file, and has filed, requests for equitable adjustment. Each of the contracts may be subject to termination, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the -year term for convenience of the U.S. government or as a result of default or nonperformance by a Military Utility Privatization Subsidiary. 
 ASUS has experienced delays in receiving EPAs as provided for under its -year contracts. Because of the delays, EPAs, when finally approved, are retroactive. During 2022, the U.S. government approved EPAs at of the bases served. In some cases, these EPAs included retroactive operation and maintenance management fees for prior periods. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, retroactive operation and maintenance management fees related to prior periods were immaterial. 
 
 Note 7 
 Less: (a) Distributed earnings to common shareholders Distributed earnings to participating securities Undistributed earnings (b) Undistributed earnings allocated to common shareholders Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities Total income available to common shareholders, basic (a)+(b) Weighted average Common Shares outstanding, basic Basic earnings per Common Share 
 Diluted EPS is based upon the weighted average number of Common Shares, including both outstanding shares and shares potentially issuable in connection with restricted stock units granted under AWR s 2016 employee plans, and the 2003 and 2013 directors plans, and net income. At December 31, 2022, there were also restricted stock units outstanding, including performance shares awarded to officers of the Registrant. 
 
 90 

Undistributed earnings for dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Total common shareholders earnings, diluted Weighted average Common Shares outstanding, basic Stock-based compensation (1) 
 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding, diluted Diluted earnings per Common Share 
 
 restricted stock units, including performance awards, at December 31, 2022 were deemed to be outstanding in accordance with accounting guidance on earnings per share. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AWR issued Common Shares totaling , and , respectively, under AWR s employee stock incentive plans and the non-employee directors plans. In addition, during the year 2020, AWR issued Common Shares for approximately as a result of the exercise of stock options. shares were issued during 2022 and 2021 as a result of the exercise of stock options. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were cash proceeds received by AWR as a result of the exercise of stock options that were distributed to any of AWR s subsidiaries. AWR has not issued any Common Shares during 2022, 2021 and 2020 under AWR s Common Share Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRP and the 401(k) Plan. Shares reserved for the 401(k) Plan are in relation to AWR s matching contributions and investment by participants. As of December 31, 2022, there were and C ommon Shares authorized for issuance directly by AWR but unissued under the DRP and the 401(k) Plan, respectively. 
 During 2020, GSWC issued Common Shares to AWR for million. The majority of the proceeds from these stock issuances were used by GSWC to pay down its intercompany borrowings from AWR. The CPUC requires GSWC to pay down all intercompany borrowings from AWR within a -month period. shares were issued by GSWC during 2022 and 2021. However, in January 2023, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of GSWC Common Share to AWR for million. Proceeds from the stock issuance along with the issuance of long-term debt were used to pay down GSWC s intercompany borrowings owed to AWR. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AWR and GSWC made payments to taxing authorities on employees behalf for shares withheld related to net share settlements. These payments are included in the stock-based compensation caption of the statements of equity. GSWC s outstanding common shares are owned entirely by its parent, AWR. To the extent GSWC does not reimburse AWR for stock-based compensation awarded under various stock compensation plans, such amounts increase the value of GSWC s common shareholder s equity. 
 
 Note 8 
 -to-1. Dividends in the amount of million, million and million were paid to AWR by GSWC during the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million wa s available to pay dividends to AWR s shareholders at December 31, 2022. Approximately million 

91 

Note 9 
 separate credit facilities at AWR (parent) and BVESI. 
 AWR Credit Facility, Liquidity and Financing Plans : 
 AWR borrows under a credit facility and provides funds to GSWC and ASUS in support of their operations on terms that are similar to that of the credit facility. On April 22, 2022, AWR s credit facility was amended to increase the borrowing capacity from million to million. The amendment also changed the benchmark interest rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The change in benchmark rates has not had a material impact on its financing costs. AWR s credit agreement will expire in May 2023 and, therefore, the outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of million as of December 31, 2022 have been classified as a current liability on AWR s Consolidated Balance Sheet, thus creating a negative working-capital condition for AWR of million . As of March 1, 2023, AWR does not have sufficient liquidity or capital resources to repay its credit facility without extending its existing credit facility, entering into a new credit facility, or issuing new debt or equity. 
 Management plans to either renew and extend AWR s credit facility or to enter into a new credit facility prior to its expiration date, and is confident, given AWR s history in obtaining revolving credit facilities to meet its working-capital needs, that AWR will be able to do so with the needed borrowing capacities required to run its operations. In addition, AWR s plans included the issuance of long-term debt through GSWC during the fourth quarter of 2022, which it completed with the execution of a note purchase agreement in December 2022 for the issuance of unsecured private placement notes totaling million. In January 2023, GSWC through a delayed-draw feature of its note purchase agreement, issued the unsecured private placement notes and used the proceeds to pay off the majority of its outstanding borrowings with AWR at that time. AWR then used the proceeds from GSWC to pay off million of the outstanding borrowings under its credit facility thereby improving AWR s working-capital condition. Management believes that execution of its plan is probable based on Registrant s ability to generate consistent cash flows, its A+ credit ratings, its relationships with lenders, and its history of successfully raising debt necessary to fund its operations as recently evidenced by the issuance of long-term debt at GSWC. Accordingly, management has concluded that AWR will be able to satisfy its obligations, including those under its credit facility, for at least the next twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements. However, AWR s ability to access the capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing may be affected by future conditions and, accordingly, no assurances can be made that AWR will be successful in implementing its plan. 
 Under AWR s credit facility, the aggregate effective amount that may be outstanding under letters of credit is million . AWR has obtained letters of credit for AWR and GSWC, in the aggregate amount of at fees o f . Letters of credit outstanding reduce the amount that may be borrowed under the revolving credit facility. AWR is not required to maintain any compensating balances. All of the letters of credit are issued pursuant to AWR s revolving credit facility. 
 Loans may be obtained under this credit facility at the option of AWR and bear interest at rates based on credit ratings and SOFR benchmark replacement rate margins. In June 2022, Standard and Poor s Global Ratings S P affirmed an A+ credit rating for both AWR and GSWC. S P s debt ratings range from AAA (highest possible) to D (obligation is in default). In January 2023, Moody s Investors Service Moody s affirmed its A2 rating with a stable outlook for GSWC. 
 BVESI Credit Facility: 
 BVESI has access to a separate million revolving credit facility without a parent guaranty, which was amended in December 2021 to reduce the interest rate and fees, as well as extend the maturity date by a year to July 1, 2024. Borrowings made under this facility support the electric segment s operations and capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million outstanding borrowing under this credit facility. Under the terms of the credit agreement, BVESI has the option to increase the facility by an additional million, subject to lender approval. Interest rates under this facility are currently based on LIBOR. Effective July 1, 2023, all new borrowings under the credit agreement will be based on SOFR. BVESI does not believe the change from LIBOR to a new benchmark rate will have a material impact on its financing costs. BVESI s revolving credit facility is considered a short-term debt arrangement by the CPUC. BVESI has been authorized by the CPUC to borrow under this credit facility for a term of up to months. Borrowings under this credit facility are, therefore, required to be fully paid off within a -month period. BVESI s next pay-off period for its credit facility ends in September 2024. 
 
 92 

Interest Rate at December 31, ~ 
 ~ 
 Average Amount Outstanding Weighted Average Annual Interest Rate Maximum Amount Outstanding 
 The AWR revolving credit facility contains restrictions on prepayments, disposition of property, mergers, liens and negative pledges, indebtedness and guaranty obligations, transactions with affiliates, minimum interest coverage requirements, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio and a minimum debt rating. Pursuant to the credit agreement, AWR must maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of times interest expense, a maximum total funded debt ratio of to 1.00 and a minimum Moody s Investor Service or S P debt rating of Baa3 or BBB-, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AWR was in compliance with these requirements. As of December 31, 2022, AWR had an interest coverage ratio of times interest expense, a debt ratio of to 1.00 and a debt rating of A+ by S P. 
 Pursuant to BVESI s credit facility agreement, BVESI must maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of times interest expense and a maximum consolidated total debt to consolidated total capitalization ratio of to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, BVESI was in compliance with these requirements, with an actual interest coverage ratio of times interest expense and a total funded debt ratio of to 1.00 as of December 31, 2022. In addition, BVESI is required to have a current safety certification issued by the CPUC, which it currently has. 
 
 Note 10 
 million. The note purchase agreement includes a delayed-draw feature that allows for the sale and purchase of the notes to occur on a business day on or prior to March 1, 2023. On January 13, 2023, GSWC requested the funds and issued (i) million aggregate principal amount of Series A Senior Notes at a coupon rate of due January 31, 2033, and (ii) million aggregate principal amount of Series B Senior Notes at a coupon rate of due January 31, 2038. GSWC used the proceeds to pay down intercompany borrowings with AWR as well as fund operations and capital expenditures for GSWC. Interest is payable semiannually on January 31 and July 31 of each year. The Series A and Series B notes are unsecured and rank equally with GSWC s unsecured and unsubordinated debt. GSWC may, at its option, redeem all or portions of the notes at any time upon written notice, subject to payment of a make-whole premium based on basis points above the applicable treasury yield. The make-whole premiums and covenant requirements under these new notes are similar to the terms of all the other private placement notes issued by GSWC. Pursuant to the terms of each of these notes, GSWC must maintain a total indebtedness to capitalization ratio (as defined) of less than -to-1 and a total indebtedness to earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization (( EBITDA of less than -to-1. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC had a total indebtedness to capitalization ratio of -to-1 and a total indebtedness to EBITDA of -to-1. 
 On April 28, 2022, BVESI completed the issuance of million in unsecured private-placement notes consisting of million at a coupon rate of due April 28, 2032 and million at a coupon rate of due April 28, 2037. BVESI used the proceeds from the notes to pay down all amounts under its revolving credit facility outstanding at the time of issuing the notes. Interest on these notes is payable semiannually, and the covenant re quirements under these notes are similar to the terms of BVESI s revolving credit facility (Note 9). 
 On May 24, 2021, GSWC redeemed its private placement notes in the amount of million, which pursuant to the note agreement included a redemption premium of on par value, or . GSWC recovers redemption premiums in its embedded cost of debt as filed in cost of capital proceedings where the cost savings from redeeming higher interest rate debt are passed on to customers. Accordingly, the redemption premium has been deferred as a regulatory asset. GSWC funded the redemption by borrowing from AWR parent. AWR, in turn, funded this borrowing from its revolving credit facility. 
 
 93 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 11 
 
 94 

Contributions and advances Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets ) ) ) ) Regulatory-asset-related: depreciation and other ) ) ) ) Balancing and memorandum accounts (non-flow-through) ) ) ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) ) Accumulated deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Primarily represents the gross-up portion of the deferred income tax (on the excess-deferred-tax regulatory liability) brought about by TCJA s reduction in the federal income tax rate. 
 State Total current tax expense Deferred Federal State ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense Total income tax expense 
 GSWC Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Current Federal State Total current tax expense Deferred Federal State ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense Total income tax expense 
 The differences between AWR s and GSWC s effective tax rates and the federal statutory rate are mostly attributable to (i) state taxes; (ii) permanent differences including the excess tax benefits from share-based payments, which are reflected in the income statements and reduced income tax expense; (iii) continuing amortization of the excess deferred income tax liability, and (iv) differences between book and taxable income that are treated as flow-through adjustments in accordance with regulatory requirements (principally from plant, rate-case, and compensation expenses). As a regulated utility, GSWC treats 
 95 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State income tax, net of federal benefit Excess deferred tax amortization ) ) ) Flow-through on fixed assets Flow-through on removal costs ) ) ) Investment tax credit ) ) ) Other net ) Total income tax expense from operations Pretax income from operations Effective income tax rate 
 GSWC Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Federal taxes on pretax income at statutory rate Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State income tax, net of federal benefit Excess deferred tax amortization ) ) ) Flow-through on fixed assets Flow-through on removal costs ) ) ) Investment tax credit ) ) ) Other net Total income tax expense from operations Pretax income from operations Effective income tax rate 
 AWR and GSWC had unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Registrant s policy is to classify interest on income tax over/underpayments in interest income/expense and penalties in other expenses. Registrant did not have any material interest receivables/payables from/to taxing authorities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nor did it recognize any material interest income/expense or accrue any material tax-related penalties during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Registrant files federal, California and various other state income tax returns. AWR s 2019 2021 tax years remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. AWR filed refund claims with the California Franchise Tax Board FTB for the 2005 through 2008 and 2017 tax years in connection with the matters reflected on prior federal refund claims along with other state tax items. The FTB continues to review the claims, and the 2009, 2010, and 2017 2021 tax years remain subject to examination by the FTB. 
 . 
 96 

Note 12 
 and older, hired before January 1, 2011) monthly benefits upon retirement based on average salaries and length of service. The eligibility requirement to begin receiving these benefits is years of vested service. The normal retirement benefit is equal to of the highest consecutive years average earnings multiplied by the number of years of credited service, up to a maximum of , reduced by a percentage of primary Social Security benefits. There is also an early retirement option. Annual contributions are made to the Pension Plan, which comply with the funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA ). At December 31, 2022, Registrant h ad participants in the Pension Plan. 
 Employees hired or rehired after December 31, 2010 are eligible to participate in a defined contribution plan. Registrant s existing 401(k) Investment Incentive Program was amended to include this defined contribution plan. Under this plan, Registrant provides a contribution ranging from to of eligible pay each pay period into investment vehicles offered by the plan s trustee. Full vesting under this plan occurs upon years of service. Employees hired before January 1, 2011 continue to participate in and accrue benefits under the terms of the Pension Plan. 
 Registrant also provides post-retirement medical benefits for all active employees hired before February of 1995 through a medical insurance plan. Eligible employees, who retire prior to age 65, and/or their spouses, are able to retain the benefits under the plan for active employees until reaching age 65. Eligible employees upon reaching age 65, and those eligible employees retiring at or after age 65, and/or their spouses, receive coverage through a Medicare supplement insurance policy paid for by Registrant subject to an annual cap limit. Registrant s post-retirement medical plan does not provide prescription drug benefits to Medicare-eligible employees and is not affected by the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003. 
 In accordance with the accounting guidance for the effects of certain types of regulation, Registrant has established a regulatory asset for its underfunded position in its pension and post-retirement medical plans that is expected to be recovered through rates in future periods. The changes in actuarial gains and losses, prior service costs and transition assets or obligations pertaining to the regulatory asset are recognized as an adjustment to the regulatory asset account as these amounts are recognized as components of net periodic pension cost each year and in the rate-making process. 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Benefits/expenses paid ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Changes in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits/expenses paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status: Net amount recognized as accrued pension cost ) ) 
 The decrease i n the underfunded status of the pension was due to an increase in the discount rate, which increased from as of December 31, 2021 to as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 97 

Current liabilities Non-current liabilities ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amounts recognized in regulatory assets consist of: Prior service cost (credit) Net loss (gain) ) ) Regulatory assets (liabilities) ) ) Unfunded accrued pension cost ) ) ) Net liability (asset) recognized ) ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in regulatory assets (liabilities): Regulatory asset (liability) at beginning of year ) ) Net (loss) gain ) ) ) New prior service cost Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) Amortization of net gain (loss) ) Total change in regulatory asset (liability) ) ) ) Regulatory asset (liability) at end of year ) ) Net periodic pension costs ) ) Change in regulatory asset (liability) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and regulatory asset (liability) ) ) ) Additional year-end information for plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation N/A N/A Fair value of plan assets Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 Age-graded ranging from to . 
 98 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost under accounting standards ) ) ) Regulatory adjustment ) ) Total expense recognized, before surcharges and allocation to overhead pool ) ) ) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic cost: Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A 
 
 for union plan and for non-union (net of income taxes) in 2022, for union plan and for non-union (net of income taxes) in 2021, and for union plan and for non-union (net of income taxes) in 2020. 
 Age-graded ranging from to . 
 
 Regulatory Adjustment : 
 The CPUC authorized GSWC and BVESI to track differences between the forecasted annual pension expenses adopted in rates and the actual annual expenses to be recorded in accordance with the accounting guidance for pension costs in a two-way pension balancing account. During the year ended December 31, 2022, GSWC s actual pension expense was lower than the amounts included in water customer rates by million. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, GSWC s actual expense was higher than the amounts included in customer rates by million and , respectively. The cumulative amount recorded in GSWC s two-way pension balancing account is included within the pensions and other post-retirement obligations regulatory asset discussed in Note 3. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, BVESI s actual expense was lower than the amounts included in electric rates by , and , respectively. These over-collections were recorded as a reduction to electric revenues. 
 Plan Funded Status : 
 The Pension Plan was underfunded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Registrant s market related value of plan assets is equal to the fair value of plan assets. Past volatile market conditions have affected the value of GSWC s trust established to fund its future long-term pension benefits. These benefit plan assets and related obligations are measured annually using a December 31 measurement date. Changes in the Pension Plan s funded status will affect the assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheet in accordance with accounting guidance on employers accounting for defined benefit pension and other post-retirement plans. Due to Registrant s regulatory recovery treatment, the recognition of the underfunded status for the Pension Plan has been offset by a regulatory asset pursuant to guidance on the accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. 
 Plan Assets : 
 The assets of the pension and post-retirement medical plans are managed by a third party trustee. The investment policy allocation of the assets in the trust was approved by Registrant s Administrative Committee (the Committee for the pension and post-retirement medical funds, which has oversight responsibility for all retirement plans. The primary objectives underlying the investment of the pension and post-retirement plan assets are: (i) attempt to maintain a fully funded status with a cushion for unexpected developments, possible future increases in expense levels and/or a reduction in the expected return on investments; (ii) seek to earn long-term returns that compare favorably to appropriate market indexes, peer group universes and 
 99 

Debt securities Real Estate Funds Cash equivalents Total 
 Debt securities Total 
 The Pension Plan assets are in collective trust funds managed by a management firm appointed by the Committee. The fair value of these collective trust funds is measured using net asset value per share. In accordance with ASU 2015-07 Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalents) , the fair value of the collective trust funds is not categorized in the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 N/A N/A Fixed income fund Daily Daily Equity securities : 
 U.S. small/mid cap funds Daily Daily U.S. large cap funds Daily Daily International funds Daily Daily Total equity funds Real estate funds Daily Daily Total 
 100 

N/A N/A Fixed income fund Daily Daily Equity securities : 
 U.S. small/mid cap funds Daily Daily U.S. large cap funds Daily Daily International funds Daily Daily Total equity funds Real estate funds Daily Daily Total 
 The collective trust funds may be invested or redeemed daily, and generally do not have any significant restrictions to redeem the investments. 
 As previously discussed in Note 1, the accounting guidance for fair value measurements establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires fair value measurements to be classified and disclosed in one of three levels. As required by the accounting guidance, assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. All equity investments in the post-retirement medical plan are Level 1 investments in mutual funds. The fixed income category includes corporate bonds and notes. The majority of fixed income investments range in maturities from less than to years. The fair values of these investments are based on quoted market prices in active markets. 
 Fixed income U.S. equity securities Total investments measured at fair value 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Fair Value of Post-Retirement Plan Assets: Cash equivalents Fixed income U.S. equity securities Total investments measured at fair value 
 Plan Contributions : 
 During 2022, Registrant contributed million to its pension plan and did not make a contribution to the post-retirement medical plan. Registrant expects to contribute approximately million to its pension plan in 2023. Registrant s policy is to fund the plans annually at a level which is deductible for income tax purposes and is consistent with amounts recovered in customer rates while also complying with ERISA s funding requirements. 
 101 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Assumptions : 
 Certain actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate, long-term rate of return on plan assets, mortality, and the healthcare cost trend rate have a significant effect on the amounts reported for net periodic benefit cost as well as the related benefit obligation amounts. 
 Discount Rate The assumed discount rate for pension and post-retirement medical plans reflects the market rates for high-quality corporate bonds currently available. Registrant s discount rates were determined by considering the average of pension yield curves constructed of a large population of high quality corporate bonds. The resulting discount rate reflects the matching of plan liability cash flows to the yield curves. 
 Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Assets The long-term rate of return on plan assets represents an estimate of long-term returns on an investment portfolio consisting of a mixture of equities, fixed income and other investments. To develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption for the pension plan, Registrant considered the historical returns and the future expectations for returns for each asset class, as well as the target asset allocation of the pension portfolio. Registrant s policy is to fund the medical benefit trusts based on actuarially determined amounts as allowed in rates approved by the CPUC. Registrant has invested the funds in the post-retirement trusts that are intended to achieve a desired return and minimize amounts necessary to recover through rates. The mix is expected to provide for a return on assets similar to the Pension Plan and to achieve Registrant s targeted allocation. This resulted in the selection of the long-term rate of return on assets assumption for the union plan and (net of income taxes) for the non-union plan portion of the post-retirement plan. 
 Mortality Mortality assumptions are a critical component of benefit obligation amounts and a key factor in determining the expected length of time for annuity payments. Registrant uses the latest mortality tables published by the Society of Actuaries. Accordingly, the benefit obligation amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 have incorporated recent updates to the mortality tables. 
 Healthcare Cost Trend Rate The assumed health care cost trend rate for 2023 starts at grading down to in 2046 for those under age 65, and at grading down to in 2046 for those 65 and over. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan : 
 Registrant has a supplemental executive retirement plan SERP that is intended to restore retirement benefits to certain key employees and officers of Registrant that are limited by Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Board of Directors approved the establishment of a Rabbi Trust created for the SERP. Assets in a Rabbi Trust can be subject to the claims of creditors; therefore, they are not considered as an asset for purposes of computing the SERP s funded status. As of December 31, 2022, the balance in the Rabbi Trust totaled million and is included in Registrant s other property and investments. 
 All equity investments in the Rabbi Trust are Level 1 investments in mutual funds. The fixed income category includes corporate bonds and notes. The fair values of these investments are based on quoted market prices in active markets. 
 
 102 

Fixed income securities Equity securities Total investments measured at fair value 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Fair Value of Assets held in Rabbi Trust: Cash equivalents Fixed income securities Equity securities Total investments measured at fair value 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Changes in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning and end of year Funded Status: Net amount recognized as accrued cost ) ) 
 103 

) Non-current liabilities ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amounts recognized in regulatory assets consist of: Prior service cost Net loss Regulatory assets Unfunded accrued cost Net liability recognized Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in regulatory assets consist of: Regulatory asset at beginning of year Net loss ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization of net loss ) ) Total change in regulatory asset ) ) Regulatory asset at end of year Net periodic pension cost Change in regulatory asset ) ) Total recognized in net periodic pension and regulatory asset ) Additional year-end information for plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 Age graded fr om to per year. 
 Interest cost Amortization of net loss Net periodic pension cost Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic cost: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 A ge graded from to per year. 
 
 104 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 401(k) Investment Incentive Program : 
 Registrant has a 401(k) Investment Incentive Program under which employees may invest a percentage of their pay, up to a maximum investment prescribed by law, in an investment program managed by an outside investment manager. Registrant s cash contributions to the 401(k) are based upon a percentage of individual employee contributions and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. The Investment Incentive Program also incorporates the defined contribution plan for employees hired on or after January 1, 2011. The cash contributions to the defined contribution plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 13 
 active stock incentive plans: the 2016 stock incentive plan for its employees, and the 2003 and 2013 non-employee directors plans for its Board of Directors, each more fully described below. 
 2016 Employee Plans AWR adopted this employee plan, following shareholder approval, to provide stock-based incentive awards in the form of restricted stock units, stock options and restricted stock to employees as a means of promoting the success of Registrant by attracting, retaining and more fully aligning the interests of employees with those of customers and shareholders. The 2016 employee plan also provides for the grant of performance awards. There are no stock options or restricted stock grants currently outstanding. For restricted stock unit awards, the Compensation Committee determines the specific terms, conditions and provisions relating to each restricted stock unit. Each employee who has been granted a time-vested restricted stock unit is entitled to dividend equivalent rights in the form of additional restricted stock units until vesting of the time-vested restricted stock units. In general, time-vested restricted stock units vest over a period of . Restricted stock units may also vest upon retirement if the grantee is at least 55 and the sum of the grantee s age and years of service are equal to or greater than 75, or upon death or total disability. In addition, restricted stock units may vest following a change in control if the applicable subsidiary of AWR terminates the grantee other than for cause or the employee terminates employment for good reason. Each restricted stock unit is non-voting and entitles the holder of the restricted stock unit to receive Common Share. 
 The Compensation Committee also has the authority to determine the number, amount or value of performance awards, the duration of the performance period or performance periods applicable to the award and the performance criteria applicable to each performance award for each performance period. Each outstanding performance award granted by the Compensation Committee has been in the form of restricted stock units that generally vest over a period of as provided in the performance award agreement. The amount of the performance award paid to an employee depends upon satisfaction of performance criteria following the end of a three -year performance period. Performance awards may also vest and be payable upon retirement if the grantee is at least and the sum of the grantee s age and years of service are equal to or greater than 75, or upon death or total disability. In addition, performance awards may vest following a change in control if the applicable subsidiary of AWR terminates the grantee other than for cause or the employee terminates employment for good reason. The amount of the payment for performance awards granted will be at target in the event of death or a termination of employment (other than for cause) by the applicable subsidiary of AWR or termination by the employee for good reason within months after a change in control. In all other circumstances, adjustments will be made to the amount of the payment to take into account the shortened performance period 
 2003 and 2013 Directors Plans The Board of Directors and shareholders of AWR have approved the 2003 and 2013 directors plans in order to provide the non-employee directors with supplemental stock-based compensation to encourage them to increase their stock ownership in AWR. New grants may not be made under the 2003 directors plan. Under the 2013 non-employee directors plan, non-employee directors are entitled to receive restricted stock units equal to two times the then 
 105 

days after the grant date. 
 All non-employee directors of AWR who were directors of AWR at the 2003 annual meeting have also received restricted stock units, which will be distributed upon termination of the director s service as a director. 
 All restricted stock units and performance awards have been granted with dividend equivalent rights payable in the form of additional restricted stock units. 
 Recognition of Compensation Expense 
 Registrant recognizes compensation expense related to the fair value of stock-based compensation awards. Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). Immediate vesting occurs if the employee is at least years old and the sum of the employee s age and years of employment is equal to or greater than 75. Registrant assumes that pre-vesting forfeitures will be minimal, and recognizes pre-vesting forfeitures as they occur, which results in a reduction in compensation expense. 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Equity-based compensation cost capitalized as part of utility plant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately , and , respectively, for both AWR and GSWC. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately , million and million, respectively, of tax benefits from stock-based awards were recorded for both AWR and GSWC. 
 Registrant amortizes stock-based compensation over the requisite (vesting) period for the entire award. Time-vesting restricted stock units vest and become non-forfeitable in installments of the first two years and in the third year, starting one year from the date of the grant. Outstanding performance awards vest and become non-forfeitable in installments of the first two years and in the third year and are distributed at the end of the performance period if the Compensation Committee determines that the performance criteria set forth in the award agreement have been satisfied. 
 Restricted Stock Units (Time-Vested) A restricted stock unit RSU represents the right to receive a share of AWR s Common Shares and are valued based on the fair market value of AWR s Common Shares on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs were determined based on the closing trading price of Common Shares on the grant date. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Restricted share units at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation cost related to time-vested restricted stock units granted under AWR s employee stock plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 106 

). Each grantee of any outstanding performance award may earn between and up to or of the target amount, which varies depending on the target and Registrant s performance against performance goals, which are determined by the Compensation Committee on the date of grant. As determined by the Compensation Committee, the performance awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included various performance-based conditions and one market-based condition related to total shareholder return TSR that 
 Granted Performance criteria adjustment Vested ) Performance awards at December 31, 2022 
 the first two years and in the third year of their respective vesting periods, which is generally over years unless earlier vested pursuant to the terms of the agreement. The accrual of compensation costs is based on the estimate of the final expected value of the award and is adjusted as required for the portion based on the performance-based condition. Unlike the awards with performance-based conditions, for the portion based on the market-based condition, compensation cost is recognized, and not reversed, even if the market condition is not achieved, as required by the accounting guidance for share-based awards. As of December 31, 2022, of unrecognized compensation costs related to performance awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of y 
 
 Note 14 - 
 million as of December 31, 2022. Included in the million is a commitment of million to use water rights from a third party under an agreement, which expires in 2028. The remaining million is for commitments for purchased water with other third parties, which expire from 2025 through 2038. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 107 

terms depending on the amount of power and period during which the power is purchased under the contracts. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has remaining commitments under these contracts of million and million for the years 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 Renewables Portfolio Standard: 
 BVESI is subject to the renewables portfolio standard RPS law, which requires BVESI to meet certain targets for purchases of energy from qualified renewable energy resources. BVESI has an agreement with a third party to purchase renewable energy credits RECs whereby BVESI agreed to purchase approximately RECs over a ten -y ear period through 2023, whi ch will be used towards BVESI meeting California s RPS requirements. As of December 31, 2022, BVESI has purchased sufficient RECs to be in compliance for all periods through 2022, and has remaining commitments under this contract of for the year 2023. Accordingly, management does not believe any provision for loss or potential penalties is required as of December 31, 2022. The cost of these RECs has been included as part of the electric supply cost balancing account as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 16 for Registrant s future minimum payments under long-term non-cancelable operating leases. 
 
 Note 15 - 
 of its plant sites that contained an underground storage tank, which was used to store gasoline for its vehicles. This tank was removed from the ground in July 1990 along with the dispenser and ancillary piping. Since then, GSWC has been involved in various remediation activities at this site. Analysis indicates that offsite monitoring wells may also be necessary to document effectiveness of remediation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total spent to clean-up and remediate the plant site was approximately million , of which million has been paid by the State of California Underground Storage Tank Fund. Amounts paid by GSWC have been included in rate base and approved by the CPUC for recovery. As of December 31, 2022, GSWC has a regulatory asset and an accrued liability for the estimated remaining cost of million to complete the cleanup at the site. The estimate includes costs for continued activities of groundwater cleanup and monitoring, future soil treatment and site-closure-related activities. The ultimate cost may vary as there are many unknowns in remediation of underground gasoline spills and this is an estimate based on currently available information. Management also believes it is probable that the estimated additional costs will continue to be approved in rate base by the CPUC. 
 Condemnation of Properties : 
 The laws of the State of California provide for the acquisition of public utility property by governmental agencies through their power of eminent domain, also known as condemnation, where doing so is necessary and in the public interest. In addition, these laws provide that the owner of utility property (i) may contest whether the condemnation is necessary and in the public interest, and (ii) is entitled to receive the fair market value of its property if the property is ultimately taken. 
 Contracted Services: 
 ASUS s utility privatization contract services are provided to the U.S. government pursuant to the terms of the initial -year firm, fixed-price contract and additional firm, fixed-price contracts subject to annual economic price adjustments. Entering into contracts with the U.S. government subjects ASUS to potential government audits or investigations of its business practices and compliance with government procurement statutes and regulations. ASUS is currently under a civil government investigation over bidding and estimating practices used in certain capital upgrade projects. ASUS is cooperating fully with the investigation and management does not currently believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. However, at this time, management cannot predict the final outcome or recommendations that may result from the investigation or determine the amount, if any, of penalties and damages that may be assessed. 
 Other Litigation : 
 Registrant is also subject to other ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business, some of which may include claims for compensatory and punitive damages. Management believes that rate recovery, proper insurance coverage and reserves are in place to insure against, among other things, property, general liability, employment, and workers compensation claims incurred in the ordinary course of business. Insurance coverage may not cover certain claims involving punitive 
 108 

Note 16 
 million, short-term operating lease liabilities of million and long-term operating lease liabilities of million. Currently, Registrant does not have any financing leases. 
 Significant assumptions and judgments made as pa rt of the adoption of this new lease standard include determining (i) whether a contract contains a lease, (ii) whether a contract involves an identified asset, and (iii) which party to the contract directs the use of the asset. The discount rates used to calculate the present value of lease payments were determined based on hypothetical borrowing rates available to Registrant over terms similar to the lease terms. 
 Registrant s leases consist of real estate and equipment leases, which are mostly GSWC s. Most of Registrant s leases require fixed lease payments. Some real estate leases have escalation payments which depend on an index. Variable lease costs were not material. Lease terms used to measure the lease liability include options to extend the lease if the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease and non-lease components were combined to measure lease liabilities. 
 Short-term lease costs Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate Non-cash transactions Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 For the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, Registrant s consolidated rent expense was approxim ately million , million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations Less: current obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 The consolidated operations of AWR and the operations of GSWC in regard to future minimum payments under long-term non-cancelable operating leases are not materially different. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17 - 
 reportable segments, water, electric and contracted services. Since July 1, 2020, GSWC has segment, water. Prior to July 1, 2020, GSWC also had an electric segment. On July 1, 2020, GSWC completed the transfer of the electric utility assets and liabilities from its electric division to BVESI, now a wholly owned direct subsidiary of AWR. As a result of this transfer, from July 1, 2020 onward, operating results and cash flows of the electric segment, as well as its assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are no longer included in GSWC s financial statements, but continue to be included in AWR s consolidated financial statements (Note 20). On a stand-alone basis, AWR has no material assets other than its equity investments in its subsidiaries and notes receivable therefrom, and deferred taxes. 
 All activities of GSWC and BVESI are geographically located within California. Activities of ASUS and the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries are conducted in California, Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Maryland, New Mexico, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and Virginia. Some of ASUS s wholly owned subsidiaries are regulated by the state in which the subsidiary primarily conducts water and/or wastewater operations. Fees charged for operations and maintenance and renewal and replacement services are based upon the terms of the contracts with the U.S. government, which have been filed, as appropriate, with the commissions in the states in which ASUS s subsidiaries are incorporated. 
 The tables below set forth information relating to the water and electric operating segments, ASUS and the Military Utility Privatization Subsidiaries and other matters. The utility plant balances are net of respective accumulated provisions for depreciation. 
 Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) Net utility plant Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) ) Capital additions 
 As Of And For The Year Ended December 31, 2021 AWR Consolidated (dollars in thousands) Water Electric ASUS Parent AWR Operating revenues Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) Net utility plant Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 Income tax expense/(benefit) ) Capital additions 
 As Of And For The Year Ended December 31, 2020 GSWC AWR Consolidated (dollars in thousands) Water Electric ASUS Parent AWR Operating revenues Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) Net utility plant Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 Income tax expense/(benefit) ) Capital additions 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Depreciation computed on regulated utilities transportation equipment is recorded in other operating expenses and totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Other assets Total consolidated assets 

Note 18 
 million COVID relief funds from the state of California through the California Water and Wastewater Arrearage Payment Program, which were applied to delinquent customers eligible balances incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2022, BVESI received a total of from the state of California for similar relief funding for unpaid electric bills incurred during the pandemic. Pursuant to CPUC requirements, as of December 31, 2022, GSWC and BVESI have reflected these relief funds as a reduction to its COVID-19 memorandum account, as well as a reduction to its estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 Other accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due from third parties (non-utility customers) for various reasons, including amounts due from contractors, amounts due under settlement agreements, and amounts due from other third-party prime government contractors pursuant to agreements for construction of water and/or wastewater facilities for such third-party prime contractors. Thus far, the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially impacted the collectability of these other accounts receivable. 
 Provision charged (1) 
 Accounts written off, net of recoveries (2) 
 ) ) ) Balance at end of year Allowance for doubtful accounts related to accounts receivable-customer Allowance for doubtful accounts related to other accounts receivable Total allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (1) Includes amounts in excess of GSWC s and BVESI s respective revenue requirements incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. These incremental amounts are recorded as regulatory assets. 
 (2) Reflects consideration of government relief funds received in 2022 from the state of California for unpaid water and electric utility bills incurred during the pandemic. A total of million and was received in 2022 for unpaid water and electric utility bills, respectively. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Provision charged (3) 
 Balance transfer to BVESI (Note 20) ) Accounts written off, net of recoveries (4) 
 ) ) ) Balance at end of year Allowance for doubtful accounts related to accounts receivable-customer Allowance for doubtful accounts related to other accounts receivable Total allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (3) Includes amounts in excess of GSWC s revenue requirement incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. This incremental amount was recorded as a regulatory asset. 
 million and 
 
 Note 19 
 Interest paid, net of capitalized interest Non-Cash Transactions: Accrued payables for investment in utility plant Property installed by developers and conveyed Transfer of electric segment net assets (net of cash) for BVESI common shares (Note 20) Distribution of BVESI common shares to AWR parent (Note 20) 

112 

Table of Contents 

 Note 20 
 million in net assets and equity (based on their recorded amounts) from its electric utility division to BVESI in exchange for common shares of BVESI of equal value. As a result of this transfer, from July 1, 2020 onward, operating results and cash flows of the electric segment, as well as its assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are no longer included in GSWC s financial statements, but continue to be included in AWR s consolidated financial statements. GSWC s statement of income for 2020 includes the electric segment s results through June 30, 2020. 
 Operating expenses Operating income Net income 
 The table below sets forth selected information relating to the electric segment s cash flows for 2022, 2021, as well as the six months ended December 31, 2020. Prior to July 1, 2020, the electric segment s cash flows were included in GSWC s cash flows. 
 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Six Months Ended December 31, 2020 (Subsidiary of AWR) (Subsidiary of AWR) (Subsidiary of AWR) Net cash provided from operating activities Net cash used in investing activities (capital expenditures) ) ) ) Net cash provided from financing activities (1) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 (1) BVESI has access to a million revolving credit facility, which expires July 1, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under this facility. Borrowings made under this facility support the electric segment s operations and capital expenditures. Under the terms of the credit agreement, BVESI has the option to request an increase in the facility by an additional million , subject to bank approval. 
 million in unsecured private-placement notes consisting of million at a coupon rate of due April 28, 2032 and million at a coupon rate of due April 28, 2037. 

113 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of AWR and GSWC were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that the internal control over financial reporting of AWR and GSWC was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting of AWR as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d(f) under the Exchange Act) of AWR and GSWC that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 On March 1, 2023, the Board of Directors approved change in control agreements for Registrant s executive officers, which provide benefits in the event of a change in control if the executive s employment is terminated (other than for cause, disability or death) or the executive terminates employment for good reason, in each case, following a change in control event. The amount of the benefits are equal to 2.99 or 2.0 times (i) the executive s base salary at the highest rate in effect during the preceding three years immediately preceding the termination of employment, plus (ii) any payments to be made to an executive under a cash performance incentive plan with respect to the year of employment and assuming the performance targets are achieved at target. In addition, the executive is entitled to vacation pay as provided by California law and so long as the executive has not breached his or her one-year non-competition and non-solicitation agreements, accrued benefits that would have been payable under either the pension plan or defined contribution plan in which the executive is a participant and the supplemental retirement plan if the executive is credited with an additional three years of service. Each executive is also entitled to two years of coverage under Registrant s health and welfare plans (three years for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer). No tax gross ups will be paid under the terms of the agreement. 
 
 The Form of the Change in Control Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Annual Report. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information responsive to Part III, Item 10 is included in the Proxy Statement, to be filed by AWR with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, under the captions therein entitled: (i) Proposal 1: Election of Directors (ii) Executive Officers (iii) Governance of the Company (iv) Stock Ownership (v) Nominating and Governance Committee (vi) Audit and Finance Committee; and (vii) Obtaining Additional Information From Us and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information responsive to Part III, Item 11 is included in the Proxy Statement, to be filed by AWR with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, under the captions therein entitled: (i) Proposal 1: Election of Directors (ii) Executive Officers; and (iii) Compensation Committee and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3). 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information responsive to Part III, Item 12 is included in the Proxy Statement, to be filed by AWR with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, under the captions entitled Stock Ownership and Proposal 2 Approval of 2023 Non-Employee Director Plan are incorporated herein by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3). 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information responsive to Part III, Item 13 is included in the Proxy Statement, to be filed by AWR with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, under the caption therein entitled Governance of the Company and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3). 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information responsive to Part III, Item 14 is included in the Proxy Statement, to be filed by AWR with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, under the caption therein entitled Proposal 3: Ratification of Auditors and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to General Instruction G(3). 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Reference is made to the Financial Statements incorporated herein by reference to Part II, Item 8 hereof. 
 2. Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of American States Water Company Parent at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Schedules II, III, IV, and V are omitted as they are not applicable. 
 See page 121 . 
 
 3. Reference is made to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 3.1 By-Laws of American States Water Company incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed August 6, 2012 (File No. 1-14431) 
 3.2 By-laws of Golden State Water Company incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed May 13, 2011 (File No. 1-14431) 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of American States Water Company, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed June 19, 2013 
 3.4 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Golden State Water Company, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 (File No. 1-14431) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated September 1, 1993 between Golden State Water Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee, as supplemented, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.01 of Golden State Water Company Form S-3 filed December 12, 2008 (File No. 333-156112) 
 4.2 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 11, 2005 between Golden State Water Company and Co-Bank, ACB incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed October 13, 2005 (File No. 1-14431) 
 4.3 Description of Common Shares incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 
 4.4 Description of Debt Securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2021 
 10.1 Second Sublease dated October 5, 1984 between Golden State Water Company and Three Valleys Municipal Water District incorporated herein by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-2, Registration No. 33-5151 10.2 Loan Agreement between California Pollution Control Financing Authority and Golden State Water Company, dated as of December 1, 1996 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-14431) 
 10.3 Water Supply Agreement dated as of June 1, 1994 between Golden State Water Company and Central Coast Water Authority incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Registrant's Form 10-K with respect to the year ended December 31, 1994 (File No. 1-14431) 
 10.4 2003 Non-Employee Directors Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2015 (File No. 1-14431) (2) 
 10.5 Dividend Reinvestment and Common Share Purchase Plan incorporated herein by reference to American States Water Company Registrant's Form S-3D filed November 12, 2008 (File No. 1-14431) 
 10.6 Change in Control Agreement between American States Water Company or a subsidiary and certain executives incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (1) (2) 
 10.7 Golden State Water Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2022 (2) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between American States Water Company dated June 3, 2005 with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, as amended , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's 8-K dated April 22, 2022 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 10.9 Policy Regarding the Recoupment of Certain Performance-Based Compensation Payments incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2014 (2) 
 10.10 Officer Relocation Policy incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2009 (2) 
 10.11 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2012 (2) 
 10.12 2016 Stock Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2016 (2) 
 10.13 2013 Non-Employee Directors Plan incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2016 (2) 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for officers with respect to time-vested restricted stock awards under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan after December 31, 2017 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2017 (2) 
 10.15 Note Purchase Agreement dated July 8, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2020 
 10.16 Form of 2020 Performance Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed January 31, 2020 (2) 
 10.17 Form of 2021 Performance Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed February 5, 2021 (2) 
 10.18 Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims dated August 10, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2021 (2) 
 10.19 Retirement Agreement and General Release of Claims effective January 14, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022 (2) 
 10.20 Contract for Professional Services effective January 15, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022 (2) 
 10.21 Form of 2022 Performance Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed February 4, 2022 (2) 
 10.22 2022 Short-Term Incentive Program incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 (2) 
 10.23 Form of 202 3 Performance Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Form 8-K filed February 10 , 202 3 (2) 
 10.24 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 4 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (1) (2) 
 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant (1) 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for AWR (1) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for AWR (1) 
 31.1.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for GSWC (1) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for AWR (1) 
 31.2.1 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for GSWC (1) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (3) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (3) 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (3) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (3) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (3) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 (c) See Item 15(a)(2) 
 
 (1) Filed concurrently herewith 
 (2) Management contract or compensatory arrangement 
 (3) Furnished concurrently herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY AWR ): By: /s/ EVA G. TANG Eva G. Tang Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY GSWC ): By: /s/ EVA G. TANG Eva G. Tang Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Date: March 1, 2023 
 119 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrants and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Date: /s/ ANNE M. HOLLOWAY March 1, 2023 Anne M. Holloway Chairman of the Board and Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ ROBERT J. SPROWLS March 1, 2023 Robert J. Sprowls Principal Executive Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer of AWR and GSWC and Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ EVA G. TANG March 1, 2023 Eva G. Tang Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of AWR; and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of GSWC /s/ DIANA M. BONT March 1, 2023 Diana M. Bont Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ STEVEN D. DAVIS March 1, 2023 Steven D. Davis Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ THOMAS A. EICHELBERGER March 1, 2023 Thomas A. Eichelberger Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ JOHN R. FIELDER March 1, 2023 John R. Fielder Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ MARY ANN HOPKINS March 1, 2023 Mary Ann Hopkins Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ C. JAMES LEVIN March 1, 2023 C. James Levin Director of AWR and GSWC /s/ JANICE F. WILKINS March 1, 2023 Janice F. Wilkins Director of AWR and GSWC 
 120 

AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

 Income taxes receivable Intercompany note receivables Total current assets Investments in subsidiaries Deferred taxes and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Capitalization Notes payable to bank Income taxes payable Other liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable to bank Deferred taxes and other liabilities Total other liabilities Common shareholders equity Total capitalization Total liabilities and capitalization 
 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 121 

AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

 Operating expenses and other expenses Loss before equity in earnings of subsidiaries and income taxes ) ) ) Equity in earnings of subsidiaries Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Basic Earnings Per Common Share Weighted Average Number of Diluted Common Shares Outstanding Fully Diluted Earnings per Common Share Dividends Paid Per Common Share 
 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 122 

AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Loans (made to)/repaid from, wholly-owned subsidiaries ) ) Increase in investment of subsidiary ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from stock option exercises Net change in notes payable to banks ) Proceeds from note payable to GSWC ) ) Repayment of note payable to GSWC Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Change in cash and equivalents ) Cash and equivalents at beginning of period Cash and equivalents at the end of period 
 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

123 

AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

million revolving credit facility that expires in May 2023. AWR (parent) borrows under this facility and provides funds to GSWC and ASUS in support of their operations. Any amounts owed to AWR (parent) for borrowings under this facility are reflected as intercompany receivables on the condensed balance sheets. The interest rate charged to the subsidiaries is sufficient to cover AWR (parent) s interest cost under the credit facility. 
 In October 2020, AWR (parent) issued an interest bearing promissory note to GSWC, which expires in May 2023. Under the terms of the note, AWR (parent) may borrow from GSWC amounts up to million for working capital purposes. AWR (parent) agrees to pay any unpaid principal amounts outstanding under this note, plus accrued interest. During 2021 and 2020, AWR borrowed and repaid a total of million and million, respectively, from GSWC under the terms of the note. There were borrowings or repayments during 2022. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, there were amounts outstanding under this note. 
 In January 2023, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of GSWC Common Share to AWR for million. Proceeds from the stock issuance was used to pay down its intercompany borrowings owed to AWR. 
 AWR (parent) guarantees performance of ASUS s military privatization contracts and agrees to provide necessary resources, including financing, which are necessary to assure the complete and satisfactory performance of such contracts. 
 
 million to million. The amendment also changed the benchmark interest rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The change in benchmark rates has not had a material impact on its financing costs. 
 The aggregate effective amount that may be outstanding under letters of credit is million. AWR has obtained letters of credit for AWR and GSWC in the aggregate amount of at fees of . Letters of credit outstanding reduce the amount that may be borrowed under the revolving credit facility. AWR is not required to maintain any compensating balances. 
 Given that AWR s credit agreement will expire in May 2023, the outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of million as of December 31, 2022 have been classified as a current liability on AWR s Consolidated Balance Sheet, thus creating a negative working-capital condition for AWR of million . Management plans to either renew and extend AWR s credit facility or to enter into a new credit facility prior to its expiration date, and is confident, given AWR's history in obtaining revolving credit facilities to meet its working-capital needs, that AWR will be able to do so with the needed borrowing capacities required to run its operations. Management believes that execution of its plan is probable based on Registrant s ability to generate consistent cash flows, its A+ credit ratings, its relationships with lenders, and its history of successfully raising debt necessary to fund its operations. As of March 1, 2023, AWR does not have sufficient liquidity or capital resources to repay its credit facility without, extending its existing credit facility, entering into a new credit facility, or issuing new debt or equity. 
 Loans may be obtained under this credit facility at the option of AWR and bear interest at rates based on credit ratings and SOFR margins. In June 2022, Standard and Poor s Global Ratings S P affirmed an A+ credit rating. In March 2021, S P affirmed its negative outlook for AWR. S P s debt ratings range from AAA (highest possible) to D (obligation is in default). 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate at December 31, Average Amount Outstanding Weighted Average Annual Interest Rate Maximum Amount Outstanding 
 All of the letters of credit are issued pursuant to the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility contains restrictions on prepayments, disposition of property, mergers, liens and negative pledges, indebtedness and guaranty obligations, transactions with affiliates, minimum interest coverage requirements, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio and a minimum debt rating. Pursuant to the credit agreement, AWR must maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of times interest expense, a maximum total funded debt ratio of to and a minimum debt rating from Moody s or S P of Baa3 or BBB-, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AWR was in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, AWR had an interest coverage ratio of times interest expense, a debt ratio of to 1.00 and a debt rating of A+ by S P. 

million , million and million were paid to AWR (parent) by its wholly owned subsidiaries during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 125 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 ex106-2023cicagreement.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 This Change-in-Control Agreement (the Agreement dated as of February ___ , 2023, is entered into by and between ___________ (the Executive and Golden State Water Company American States Utility Services, Inc. , a California corporation (the Company ). 
 RECITALS 
 
 The Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company, its shareholder and the shareholders of its parent, American States Water Company, a California corporation AWR ), to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of the Executive and to diminish inevitable distractions arising from the possibility of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3). Accordingly, to assure the Company that it will have the Executive s undivided attention and services notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change in Control, and to induce the Executive to remain in the employ of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Board of Directors of the Company has, at the recommendation of the Company s Compensation Committee, caused the Company to enter into this Agreement. 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 The Executive and the Company hereby agree to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Term of Agreement 
 If a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3) occurs on or before the expiration date of this Agreement and while the Executive is still an employee of the Company, then this Agreement will continue in effect for two years from the date of such Change in Control and, if the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated within such two-year period, this Agreement shall thereafter continue in effect until all of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall have been fulfilled. If no Change in Control occurs on or before December 31, 2024, this Agreement shall expire provided, however that this Agreement shall be automatically extended for an additional two years if (i) a plan or agreement for a Change in Control has been approved by the Board of Directors of AWR, on or before the expiration date, or (ii) the Company has not delivered to Executive or Executive shall have not delivered to the Company written notice at least 60 days prior to the expiration date that such expiration date shall not be so extended. This Agreement shall continue to be automatically extended for an additional two-year period and each succeeding two-year period if a plan or agreement for a Change in Control has been approved by the Board of Directors of AWR, or the Company or the Executive fails to give notice by the time and in the manner described in this Section 1. 
 
 2. Change in Control Date 
 The Change in Control Date shall mean the first date during the term of this Agreement on which a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3) occurs provided, however, that if a Change in Control occurs and if the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated after approval by the Board of Directors of AWR of a plan or agreement for a Change in Control but prior to the date on which the Change in Control occurs, the Change in Control Date shall mean the date immediately preceding the date of such termination. 

3. Change in Control 
 A Change in Control shall mean any of the following events 
 
 (a) any sale, lease, exchange or other change in ownership (in one or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of AWR, unless its business is continued by another entity in which holders of AWR s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the continuing entity s voting securities immediately after the event 
 
 (b) any reorganization or merger of AWR, unless (i) the holders of AWR s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the continuing or surviving entity s voting securities immediately after the event, and (ii) at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the surviving entity resulting from such reorganization or merger were members of the incumbent Board of Directors of AWR at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of such incumbent Board of Directors providing for such reorganization or merger 
 
 (c) an acquisition by any person, entity or group acting in concert of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting securities of AWR, unless the holders of AWR s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the acquirer s voting securities immediately after the acquisition 
 
 (d) the consummation of a tender offer or exchange offer by any individual, entity or group which results in such individual, entity or group beneficially owning (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 twenty-five percent (25 or more of the voting securities of AWR, unless the tender offer is made by AWR or any of its subsidiaries or the tender offer is approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of AWR who were in office at the beginning of the twelve month period preceding the commencement of the tender offer or 
 (e) a change of one-half or more of the members of the Board of Directors of AWR within a twelve-month period, unless the election or nomination for election by shareholders of new directors within such period constituting a majority of the applicable Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who were in office at the beginning of the twelve-month period. 
 4. Effective Period 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, the Effective Period is the period commencing on the Change in Control Date and ending on the date that is twenty-four months thereafter. 
 
 5. Termination of Employment 
 (a) Death or Disability The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death. If the Disability (as defined below) of the Executive occurs during the Effective Period, the Company may give the Executive written notice of its intention to terminate the Executive s employment. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of his or her duties. For purposes 
 - 2 - 

of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive from his or her duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of a physical or mental condition which prevents the Executive from performing the Executive s normal duties of employment and which is (i) determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive s legal representative and or (ii) entitles the Executive to the payment of long-term disability benefits from the Company s or AWR s long-term disability plan commencing no later than the Disability Effective Date. 
 
 (b) Cause The Company may terminate the Executive s employment other than for Cause or Disability during the Effective Period. The Company may also terminate the Executive s employment during the Effective Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall be limited to the following 
 
 (i) the Executive s failure to render services to the Company where such failure amounts to gross neglect or gross misconduct of the Executive s responsibility and duties, 
 
 (ii) the Executive s commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or 
 
 (iii) the Executive s conviction of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude. 
 
 (c) Good Reason The Executive s employment may be terminated by the Executive during the Effective Period for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 
 (i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Executive s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as in effect on the Change in Control Date, or any other action by the Company or AWR which results in a diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities 
 
 (ii) any failure by the Company or AWR to reappoint the Executive to a position held by the Executive on the Change in Control Date, except as a result of the termination of the Executive s employment by the Company for Cause or Disability, the death of the Executive, or the termination of the Executive s employment by the Executive other than for Good Reason 
 
 (iii) reduction by the Company or AWR in the Executive s base salary in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from time-to-time 
 
 (iv) (A) elimination by the Company or AWR of any cash incentive or other cash bonus compensation plan, without providing substantially equivalent substitutes therefor, or (B) any modification of the terms thereof, that would (in the case of either clause (A) or (B)) substantially diminish (in the aggregate, taking into consideration changes in salary, etc.) the aggregate amount of the base salary and cash incentive or other cash bonus and equity incentives or other equity-based compensation that is reasonably expected to be earned by the Executive during any calendar year from the aggregate amount that would 
 - 3 - 

reasonably have been expected to be earned by the Executive, assuming the maintenance of the cash incentive or cash bonus compensation plan or plans in effect on the Change in Control Date 
 
 (v) (A) elimination by the Company or AWR of any equity incentive or other equity-based compensation plan, without providing substantially equivalent substitutes therefor, or (B) any modification of the terms thereof that would (in the case of either clause (A) or (B)) substantially diminish (in the aggregate, taking into consideration changes in salary, etc.) the aggregate amount of the base salary, cash incentive or cash bonus and equity incentive or other equity-based compensation that is reasonably expected to be earned by the Executive during any calendar year from the aggregate amount that would reasonably have been expected to be earned by the Executive, assuming the maintenance of the equity incentive or other equity-based compensation plan or plans in effect on the Change in Control Date. 
 
 (vi) the taking of any action by the Company or AWR (including the elimination of benefit plans without providing substitutes therefor or the reduction of the Executive s benefits thereunder) that would substantially diminish the aggregate value of the Executive s other fringe benefits, including the executive benefits and perquisites, from the levels in effect prior to the Change in Control Date 
 
 (vii) the Company or AWR provides written notice to the Executive that the Executive will be based at any office or location which increases the distance from the Executive s home to the office location by more than 35 miles from the distance in effect as of the Change in Control Date and 
 
 (viii) any failure by the Company or AWR to comply with and satisfy Section 11(c) of this Agreement 
 which condition in any event under (i)-(viii) is not cured within twenty (20) days after written notice to the Company from the Executive. Executive shall provide notice of intent to terminate employment citing Good Reason not later than thirty (30) business days after an initial occurrence of a condition that Executive purports to constitute Good Reason, which termination shall be effective no later than twenty-one (21) days thereafter, unless otherwise cured. 
 
 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination 
 (a) Good Reason, Other Than for Cause or Disability If the Company shall terminate the Executive s employment other than for Cause or Disability during the Effective Period, or the Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason during the Effective Period, the Company and AWR agree, subject to Sections 6(e) and 8, to make the payments and provide the benefits described below 
 
 (i) The Company or AWR shall pay to the Executive in a cash lump sum within 10 days from the date of the Executive s termination of employment (the Date of Termination ), an amount equal to the product of (A) and (B), where (A) is 2.99 or 2.0 and (B) is calculated as the sum of (i) the Executive s annual base salary at the highest rate in effect in any year of the three calendar years immediately preceding the date of termination of employment, including the 
 - 4 - 

calendar year in which the termination of employment occurred plus (ii) the payments that would have been made to the Executive pursuant to any cash-pay performance incentive plan of the Company or AWR (a Cash Incentive Payment with respect to the calendar year in which termination of employment occurred (and assuming that the performance targets thereafter are achieved at target and provided that if the Executive is employed pursuant to any written employment agreement, the Cash Incentive Payment in any year for purposes of calculations under this clause (ii) shall not be less than any minimum incentive or annual cash bonus required thereunder provided that Cash Incentive Payments do not include (A) any extraordinary bonus, including any holiday, year-end, anniversary or signing bonus (B) any amounts paid or to be paid to the Executive under this Agreement, (C) reimbursement of moving or other expenses or (D) any other lump sum payment, unless specifically designated as a Cash Incentive Payment pursuant to an incentive plan of the Company or AWR by the Board of Directors of AWR or the Company, or any committee thereof. Unless otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of the cash incentive compensation plan of AWR or the Company or the terms of the award, the amount paid to the Executive pursuant to this Section 6(a)(i) shall be in lieu of any Cash Incentive Payment to which the Executive would otherwise be entitled under any cash incentive plan of the Company or AWR for the year in which the Executive s employment is terminated as a result of a Change in Control. 
 
 (ii) The Company or AWR shall also pay to the Executive in a cash lump sum within 10 days from the date of the Executive s termination of employment, an amount equal to the sum of (A) the Executive s base salary through the date of termination, plus (B) any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the extent not theretofore paid (the amounts referred to in this paragraph (ii) are hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations ). 
 
 (iii) For executives who were hired before January 1, 2011 and are participants of the Golden State Water Company Pension Plan, the Company or AWR shall also pay the Executive in cash at the end of each four-month period during the twelve-months immediately following the date of the Executive s termination of employment, an amount equal to the excess of (A) over (B), divided by three, where (A) is equal to the single sum actuarial equivalent of what would be the Executive's accrued benefits under the terms of the Golden State Water Company Pension Plan, or any successor thereto, including the Golden State Water Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and any other supplemental retirement plan providing pension benefits (hereinafter together referred to as the Pension Plan at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, without regard to whether such benefits would be vested thereunder, if the Executive were credited with an additional three years of credited service (as defined in the Pension Plan), and (B) is equal to the single sum actuarial equivalent of the Executive s vested accrued benefits under the Pension Plan at the time of the Executive s termination of employment provided, however, that the Corporation shall only be required to make any such payments for so long as the Executive has not breached the covenants contained in Section 9. For purposes of this paragraph (iii), the term single sum actuarial equivalent shall, be the lump sum value of the annuity (immediate for Executives age 55 or over, and deferred to age 55 for Executives under age 55) determined (I) using an interest rate calculated at (x) the sum of the monthly rates prevailing for the twelve full months prior to the termination of employment, for the second segment rates 
 - 5 - 

published pursuant to Section 417(e)(3)(D) of the Code, (y) divided by 12 and (II) using the applicable mortality table under Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the code for the plan year of termination, after the reduction (if any), of the Executive s accrued benefit, using the applicable factors under the terms of the Golden State Water Company Pension Plan (hereinafter referred to as the Qualified Pension Plan (Regular Factors under Section A.4, or Special Early Retirement Factors under Section A.4 if the Executive has 80 points, including the three additional years of service provided under this agreement), and using the Executive s age upon termination of employment. Any payment under this paragraph (iii) shall not extinguish any rights the Executive has to benefits under the Pension Plan. 
 
 For Executives who were hired after December 31, 2010 and who are not participants of the Golden State Water Company Pension Plan, the Company or AWR shall also pay the Executive in cash at the end of each four-month period during the twelve-months immediately following the date of the Executive s termination of employment, an amount equal to the sum of (A) plus (B) plus (C), divided by three, where (A) is equal to the Profit Sharing Contributions that would have been contributed on the Executive s behalf under the Golden State Water Company Investment Incentive Program, or any successor thereto (hereinafter referred to as the DC Plan ), during the three years immediately following the date of the Executive s termination of employment, determined (i) as if the Executive earned Compensation (as defined in the DC Plan) during such period at a rate equal to the Executive s Compensation for the plan year in which such termination date occurs (without taking into account any reduction in Compensation that constitutes Good Reason), and (ii) without regard to any amendment to the DC Plan made subsequent to a Change in Control on or prior to the date of the Executive s termination of employment, which amendment adversely affects in any manner the computation of benefits thereunder where (B) is equal to the excess of (x) the Executive's account balance under the DC Plan at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, without regard to whether such benefits would be vested thereunder, over (y) the portion of such account balance that is vested and nonforfeitable under the terms of the DC Plan and where (C) is equal to the excess of (x) the single sum actuarial equivalent of what would be the Executive s accrued benefits under the terms of the Golden State Water Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or any successor thereto providing supplemental retirement benefits (hereinafter referred to as the SERP at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, without regard to whether such benefits would be vested thereunder, if the Executive were credited with an additional three years of Credited Service (as defined in the SERP), over (y) the single sum actuarial equivalent of the Executive s vested accrued benefits under the SERP at the time of the Executive s termination of employment provided, however, that the Corporation shall only be required to make any such payments described in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above for so long as the Executive has not breached the covenants contained in Section 9. For purposes of clause (C) of this paragraph (iii), the term single sum actuarial equivalent shall, be the lump sum value of the annuity (immediate for Executives age 55 or over, and deferred to age 55 for Executives under age 55) determined (I) using an interest rate calculated at (x) the sum of the monthly rates prevailing for the twelve full months prior to the termination of employment, for the second segment rates published pursuant to Section 417(e)(3)(D) of the Code, (y) divided by 12 and and (II) using the applicable mortality table under Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code for the plan year of termination, after the reduction (if 
 - 6 - 

any), of the Executive s accrued benefit, using the applicable factors under the terms of the Qualified Pension Plan (Regular Factors under Section A.4, or Special Early Retirement Factors under Section A.4 if the Executive has 80 points, including the three additional years of service provided under this Agreement), and using the Executive s age upon termination of employment. Any payment under this paragraph (iii) shall not extinguish any rights the Executive has to benefits under the DC Plan or the SERP. 
 
 (iv) For three years for CEO and CFO two years after the date of the Executive s termination of employment, or such longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan, program, practice or policy, the Company shall continue to provide medical, dental, vision, accidental death and dismemberment, and life insurance coverage, and reimbursement of club dues to the Executive and or the Executive s family at least equal to those which would have been provided to them if the Executive s employment had not been terminated (in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs or policies of the Company and its affiliates applicable generally to other peer executives and their families immediately preceding the date of the Executive's termination of employment) provided, however, that if the Executive becomes employed by another employer and is eligible to receive medical or other welfare benefits under another employer-provided plan, the medical and other welfare benefits described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility. For purposes of determining eligibility (but not the time of commencement of benefits) of the Executive for any retiree benefits pursuant to such plans, practices, programs and policies, the Executive shall be considered to have remained employed until three years for CEO and CFO two years after the date of termination of employment and to have retired on the last day of such period. Following the period of continued benefits referred to in this subsection, the Executive and the Executive s covered family members shall be given the right provided in Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code to elect to continue benefits in all group medical plans. In the event that the Executive s participation in any of the plans, programs, practices or policies of the Company referred to in this subsection is barred by the terms of such plans, programs, practices or policies or applicable law, the Company shall provide the Executive with benefits substantially similar to those which the Executive would be entitled as a participant in such plans, programs, practices or policies. At the end of the period of coverage, the Executive shall have the option to have assigned to the Executive, at no cost and with no apportionment of prepaid premiums, any assignable insurance policy owned by the Company and relating specifically to the Executive. 
 
 (v) The Company and AWR shall enable the Executive to purchase within 10 days following the Executive s termination of employment, the automobile, if any, provided by the Company for the Executive s use at the time of the Executive s termination of employment at the wholesale value of such automobile at such time, as shown in the current edition of the National Auto Research Publication Blue Book. 
 
 (vi) To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company or AWR shall timely pay or provide the Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy, practice, contract or agreement of the Company and its 
 - 7 - 

affiliates (such other amounts and benefits being hereinafter referred to as Other Benefits in accordance with the terms of such plan, program, policy, practice, contract or agreement. 
 
 (vii) The Executive shall be entitled to interest on any payments not paid on a timely basis as provided in this Section 6(a) at the applicable Federal Rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code. 
 
 (viii) Each stock option granted to an Executive under any stock incentive plan of AWR or the Company shall be deemed fully vested immediately prior to the date of termination and each restricted stock or other award under any stock incentive plan of AWR or the Company shall immediately vest free of restrictions and become payable upon the date of termination (or to the extent applicable under Section 409A, in accordance with Section 6(e)). If the number of shares payable under any such option or award is dependent upon future results or performance, the number shall be determined and established at an assumed result or performance that achieves targeted amounts therefore. 
 
 (b) Death If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s death during the Effective Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a cash lump sum within 10 days of the date of the Executive s death. 
 
 (c) Disability If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s Disability during the Effective Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a cash lump sum within 10 days of the Executive s termination of employment. 
 
 (d) Cause, Other than for Good Reason If the Executive s employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Effective Period or, if the Executive voluntarily terminates employment during the Effective Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for Accrued Obligations and any benefits payable to the Executive under a plan, policy, practice, etc., referred to in Section 7 below. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a cash lump sum within 10 days of the Executive s termination of employment. 
 (e) Six-Month Delay . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Agreement, any payment or benefit otherwise required to be made after the Executive s termination of employment that the Company reasonably determines is subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, shall not be paid or payment commenced until the later of (i) six months after the date of the Executive s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h) without regard to optional alternative definitions available thereunder) and (ii) the payment date or commencement date specified in the Agreement for such payment(s). With respect to any benefit that the Company cannot provide during the six-month period following the Executive s separation from service pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Executive shall pay the cost or premium for such benefit during such period and be reimbursed by the Company therefor. On the earliest date on which such payments can be made or commenced without violating the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, the Executive shall be paid, in a single cash lump sum, an amount 
 - 8 - 

equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 6(e), including reimbursement for any premiums paid by the Executive as a result of the delay. 
 
 7. Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliates and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Sections 6(e) and 19, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice, program, contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates at or subsequent to the date of termination of the Executive s employment shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice, program, contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. 
 
 8. Best After-Tax Position 
 (a) If it is determined that any amount or benefit to be paid or payable to the Executive under this Agreement (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) would give rise to liability of the Executive for the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any successor provision (the Excise Tax ), then the amount or benefits payable to the Executive (the total value of such amounts or benefits, the Payments shall be reduced by the Company to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Payments to the Executive is subject to the Excise Tax provided, however, such reduction shall be made only if it results in Executive retaining a greater amount of Payments on an after-tax basis (taking into account the Excise Tax and applicable federal, state, and local income and payroll taxes). In the event Payments are required to be reduced pursuant to this Section 8(a), they shall be reduced in the following order of priority in a manner consistent with Section 409A (i) first from cash compensation, (ii) next from equity compensation, in each case in reverse chronological order of scheduled distribution. 
 
 (b) In making any determination as to whether the Payments would be subject to an Excise Tax, consideration shall be given to whether any portion of the Payments could reasonably be considered, based on the relevant facts and circumstances, to be reasonable compensation for services rendered (whether before or after the consummation of the applicable Change in Control). 
 
 (c) In the event that upon any audit by the Internal Revenue Service, or by a state or local taxing authority, of the Payments, a change is formally determined to be required in the amount of taxes paid by, or Payments made to, the Executive, appropriate adjustments will be made under this Agreement such that the net amount that is payable to the Executive after taking into account the provisions of Code Section 4999 will reflect the intent of the parties as expressed in this Section 8. 
 
 9. Non-Compete 
 (a) Executive agrees not to engage in any Competitive Activity until one year after the Date of Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Competitive Activity 
 - 9 - 

shall mean Executive s participation as an employee or consultant, without the written consent of the Company s Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors of AWR or any authorized committee thereof, in the management of any business enterprise anywhere in the world if such enterprise is a Significant Customer of any product or service of the Company or engages in competition with any product or service of the Company or is planning to engage in such competition. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Significant Customer shall mean any customer who represents in excess of 5 of the Company s sales in any of the three calendar years prior to the date of determination, but shall not include the United States Government or any branch, agency or department thereof. Competitive Activity shall not include the mere ownership of, and exercise of rights appurtenant to, securities of a publicly-traded company representing 5 or less of the total voting power and 5 or less of the total value of such an enterprise. Executive agrees that the Company is a national business and that it is appropriate for this Section 9 to apply to Competitive Activity conducted anywhere in the United States of America. 
 
 (b) Executive shall not directly or indirectly, either on Executive s own account or with or for anyone else, (i) solicit or attempt to solicit any of the Company s customers, (ii) solicit or attempt to solicit for any business endeavor any employee of the Company, provided, however, that such limitations will not prohibit Executive, directly or indirectly, either on Executive s own account or with or for anyone else, from placing public advertisements or conducting any other form of general solicitation that is not specifically targeted towards employees of the Company, and hiring any employee of the Company that responds to such solicitation, (iii) except as permitted by clause (ii) in response to a general solicitation, hire or attempt to hire any employee of the Company, or (iv) otherwise divert or attempt to divert from the Company any business whatsoever or interfere with any business relationship between the Company and any other person, until one (1) year after the Date of Termination. 
 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that damages in the event of a breach or threatened breach of the covenants in this Section 9 will be difficult to determine and will not afford a full and adequate remedy, and therefore agree that the Company, in addition to seeking actual damages pursuant to Section 9 hereof, may seek specific enforcement of the covenant not to compete in any court of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, by the issuance of a temporary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of a bond. Executive and the Company agree that the provisions of this covenant not to compete are reasonable. However, should any court or arbitrator determine that any provision of this covenant not to compete is unreasonable, either in period of time, geographical area, or otherwise, the parties agree that this covenant not to compete should be interpreted and enforced to the maximum extent which such court or arbitrator deems reasonable. 
 
 10. Full Settlement 
 The obligation of the Company to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as provided in Section 6(a)(iv), such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. 
 
 - 10 - 

11. Successors 
 (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assignable by the Executive other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal representatives. 
 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 
 (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the Company shall mean the Company as defined and any successor to its business and or assets which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise, and AWR shall mean AWR as defined and any successor to its business and or assets by operation of law or otherwise. 
 12. Arbitration 
 (a) Because it is agreed that time will be of the essence in determining whether any payments are due to the Executive under this Agreement, the Executive may submit any claim for payment under this Agreement or dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement to arbitration. This right to select arbitration shall be solely that of the Executive, and the Executive may decide whether or not to arbitrate in his or her discretion. The right to select arbitration is not mandatory on the Executive, and the Executive may choose in lieu thereof to bring an action in an appropriate civil court. Once arbitration is commenced, however, it may not be discontinued without the mutual consent of both parties to the arbitration. During the lifetime of the Executive only he or she can use the arbitration procedure set forth in this section. 
 
 (b) Any claim for arbitration may be submitted as follows If the Executive disagrees with the Company regarding the interpretation of this Agreement and the claim is finally denied by the Company in whole or in part, such claim may be filed in writing with an arbitrator of the Executive s choice who is selected by the method described in the next three sentences. The first step of the selection shall consist of the Executive submitting a list of 5 potential arbitrators to the Company. Each of the five arbitrators must be either (1) a member of the National Academy of Arbitrators located in the State of California or (2) a retired California Superior Court or Appellate Court judge. Within 2 weeks after receipt of the list, the Company shall select one of the five arbitrators as the arbitrator for the dispute in question. If the Company fails to select an arbitrator in a timely manner, the Executive shall then designate one of the five arbitrators as the arbitrator for the dispute in question. 
 
 (c) The arbitration hearing shall be held within 30 days (or as soon thereafter as possible) after the picking of the arbitrator. No continuance of the hearing shall be allowed without the mutual consent of the Executive and the Company. Absence from or nonparticipation at the hearing by either party shall not prevent the issuance of an award. Hearing procedures which will expedite the hearing may be ordered at the arbitrator s discretion, and the arbitrator may close the hearing at his or her discretion when sufficient evidence to satisfy issuance of an award has been presented. 
 
 (d) The arbitrator s award shall be rendered as expeditiously as possible and in no event later than 30 days after the close of the hearing. In the event the arbitrator finds that the Company has breached this Agreement, he or she shall order the Company to immediately 
 - 11 - 

take the necessary steps to remedy the breach. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties. The award may be enforced in any appropriate court as soon as possible after it is rendered. If an action is brought to confirm the award, the Company and the Executive agree that no appeal shall be taken by either party from any decision rendered in such action. 
 
 (e) Each party will pay the fees of their respective attorneys, the expenses of their witnesses, costs of any record or transcript of the arbitration, and any other expenses connected with the arbitration that such party might be expected to incur had the dispute been subject to resolution in court, but all costs of the arbitration that would not be incurred by the parties if the dispute was litigated in court, including fees of the arbitrator and any arbitration association administrative fees will be paid by the Company. 
 
 13. Governing Law 
 The laws of California shall govern the validity and interpretation of this Agreement, with regard to any state s conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 14. Captions 
 The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. 
 
 15. Amendment 
 This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
 
 16. Notices 
 All notices and other communications regarding this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered to the other party or sent by prepaid registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows 
 
 If to the Executive at the address on file with the Company s HR department 
 
 If to the Company Golden State Water Company 
 630 E. Foothill Blvd 
 San Dimas, CA 91773 
 
 or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. 
 
 17. Severability 
 The lack of validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 - 12 - 

18. Withholding Taxes 
 The Company may withhold required federal, state, local or foreign taxes from any amounts payable under this Agreement. 
 
 19. No Waiver 
 The Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right under this Agreement. 
 
 20. At-Will Employment 
 The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company prior to the Change in Control Date is at will and, prior to the Change in Control Date, the Executive s employment may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this Agreement. From and after the Change in Control Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 21. Counterparts 
 This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 22. Section 409A 
 It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall either be exempt from Section 409A of the Code or shall comply with Section 409A (including Treasury regulations and other published guidance related thereto) so as not to subject the Executive to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. Each payment in a series of payments hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to the Executive. 
 
 - 13 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first written above in San Dimas, California. 
 
 GOLDEN STATE WATER COMPANY 
 AMERICAN STATES UTILITY SERVICES, INC. 
 
 By __________________________________ 
 Title President & Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 
 
 _________________________________________ 

- 14 - 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 ex1024-revisedindeminifica.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement Agreement is made as of May __, 2021 by and between American States Water Company, a California corporation Company ), and __________ Indemnitee ), a director officer of the Company. This Agreement fully amends, restates and supersedes any prior indemnification agreement between the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and Indemnitee including without limitation the Indemnification Agreement dated _______. 
 R E C I T A L S 
 A. Indemnitee is currently serving as a director officer of the Company and each of the following direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company Golden State Water Company, a California corporation, American States Utility Services, Inc., a California corporation, Fort Bliss Water Services Company, a Texas corporation, Old Dominion Utility Services, Inc., a Virginia corporation, Terrapin Utility Services, Inc., a Maryland corporation, Palmetto State Utility Services, Inc., a South Carolina corporation, Old North Utility Services, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Emerald Coast Utility Services, Inc., a Florida corporation, Fort Riley Utility Services, Inc., a Kansas corporation and California Cities Water Company, a California corporation (the Existing Subsidiaries and in such capacity has rendered valuable services to the Company. The Existing Subsidiaries and any other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, whether now existing or hereafter created, for which Indemnitee serves as a director or officer are collectively referred to as the Subsidiaries . 
 B. The Company may from time to time request Indemnitee to serve as a director of other Subsidiaries. 
 C. Both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies. 
 D. The board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests of the Company and that the Company therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available. 
 E. In recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitee's continued service as a director and or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries and to enhance Indemnitee's ability to serve the Company in an effective manner, and in order to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment to the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents ), any change in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of, and the advancement of Expenses (as defined in Section 1(f) below) to, Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and for the continued coverage of the Indemnitee under the Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies. 
 F. This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Constituent Documents of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

G. Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Constituent Documents and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve as a director officer without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that s he be so indemnified. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the continued services of the Indemnitee and in order to induce the Indemnitee to continue to serve as a director officer of the Company and the Existing Subsidiaries and any other Subsidiary, the Company and the Indemnitee do hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement 
 (a) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given to the term beneficial owner in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 (b) CCC means the California Corporations Code as it may be amended from time to time. 
 (c) Change in Control means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events 
 1. any sale, lease, exchange or other change in ownership (in one or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, unless its business is continued by another entity in which holders of the Company s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the continuing entity s voting securities immediately after the event 
 2. any reorganization or merger of the Company, unless (i) the holders of the Company s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the continuing or surviving entity s voting securities immediately after the event, and (ii) at least a majority of the members of the Board of the surviving entity resulting from such reorganization or merger were members of the incumbent Board of the Company at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of such incumbent Board providing for such reorganization or merger 
 3. an acquisition by any person, entity or group acting in concert of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting securities of the Company, unless the holders of the Company s voting securities immediately before the event own, either directly or indirectly, more than seventy percent (70 of the acquirer s voting securities immediately after the acquisition 
 4. the consummation of a tender offer or exchange offer by any individual, entity or group which results in such individual, entity or group becoming the Beneficial Owner of twenty-five percent (25 or more of the voting securities of the Company, unless the tender offer is made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or the tender offer is approved by a majority of the members of the Board of the Company who 

were in office at the beginning of the twelve month period preceding the commencement of the tender offer or 
 5. a change of one-half or more of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company within a twelve-month period, unless the election or nomination for election by shareholders of new directors within such period constituting a majority of the applicable Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who were in office at the beginning of the twelve month period. 
 (d) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the express written request or implied authorization of the Company. 
 (e) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 
 (f) Expenses shall include, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal or injunctive relief resulting from any Proceeding and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 (g) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement or to whom Indemnitee shall reasonably object. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 (h) Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity and includes the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(i) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by him or her or of any inaction on his or her part while acting in his or her Corporate Status in each case whether or not he or she is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee to enforce his or her rights under this Agreement. 
 (j) Voting Securities means any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors. 
 6. Agreement to Serve . In reliance on this Agreement, the Indemnitee agrees to continue to serve as a director and or officer of the Company and or one or more of its Subsidiaries, for so long as the Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until such time as the Indemnitee tenders the Indemnitee s resignation in writing or is removed from all positions as a director of the Company and or its Subsidiaries. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) and Indemnitee. 
 7. Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such laws may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof 
 (a) Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . So long as either (i) the Company determines pursuant to Section 317(e) of the CCC that Indemnitee has acted in good faith and in a manner that Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interest of the Company (and that in the case of a criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe that such conduct was unlawful), or (ii) Indemnitee has already been successful on the merits in such a Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 3(a) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Subject to the limitations in this Section 3(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined), judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein. 
 (b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 3(b) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 3(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee, or on the Indemnitee s behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been ultimately determined to be liable to the Company unless and to the extent that a California state court shall determine that such indemnification may be made. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such laws may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 (d) Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. 
 4. Conclusive Presumption Regarding Standards of Conduct . The Indemnitee shall be conclusively presumed to have met the relevant standards of conduct, if any, as defined by California law, for indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, unless a determination is made that the Indemnitee has not met such standards (i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum thereof consisting of directors who were not parties to the Proceeding for which a claim is made under this Agreement, (ii) by the shareholders of the Company by majority vote of a quorum thereof consisting of shareholders who are not parties to the Proceeding due to which a claim is made under this Agreement, (iii) in a written opinion by Independent Counsel, the selection of whom has been approved by the Indemnitee in writing, or (iv) by a court of competent jurisdiction. Further, in any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding to enforce Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement, no determination by the Board, shareholders or Independent Counsel that Indemnitee did not meet the applicable standards of conduct shall create a presumption for the purpose of such proceeding that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standards of conduct. 
 8. Advances of Expenses . Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding by final adjudication to which there are no further rights of appeal, of any and all Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding arising out of Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Indemnitee's right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any standard of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within thirty (30) days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request, (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. In connection with any request for Expense advances, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. In connection with any request for Expense advances, Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking (which shall be accepted without reference to Indemnitee's ability to repay the Expense advances), to repay any amounts paid, advanced, or reimbursed by the Company for such Expenses to the extent that it is ultimately determined, following the final disposition of such Proceeding, that Indemnitee is not entitled to 

indemnification hereunder. Indemnitee's obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense advances shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. 
 9. Notification and Defense of Proceedings . 
 (a) Notification of Proceedings . Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim which could relate to a Proceeding or for which Indemnitee could seek Expense advances, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee) of the nature of, and the facts underlying, such Proceeding. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company hereunder shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder unless and to the extent the Company's ability to participate in the defense of such claim was materially and adversely affected by such failure. If at the time of the receipt of such notice, the Company has directors' and officers' liability insurance in effect under which coverage for Proceedings is potentially available, the Company shall give prompt written notice to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers, and copies of all subsequent correspondence between the Company and such insurers regarding the Proceeding, in each case substantially concurrently with the delivery or receipt thereof by the Company. 
 (b) Defense of Proceedings . The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Proceeding at its own expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any such Proceeding, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently directly incurred by Indemnitee in connection with Indemnitee's defense of such Proceeding other than reasonable costs of investigation, serving as a witness or as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ its own legal counsel in such Proceeding, but all Expenses related to such counsel incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitee's own expense provided, however, that if (i) Indemnitee's employment of its own legal counsel has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of such Claim, (iii) after a Change in Control, Indemnitee's employment of its own counsel has been approved by the Independent Counsel or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain its own separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any such Claim) and all Expenses related to such separate counsel shall be borne by the Company. 
 (c) Settlement of Claims . The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Claim related to a Proceeding effected without the Company's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld provided, however, that if a Change in Control has occurred, the Company shall be liable for indemnification of the Indemnitee for amounts paid in settlement if an Independent Counsel has approved the settlement. The Company shall not settle any Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in any manner that would impose any cost, Expense or liability on the Indemnitee or would admit wrongdoing on the part of Indemnitee, in each case without the Indemnitee's prior written consent. 
 10. Indemnification Procedure Determination of Right to Indemnification . 

(a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a determination (subject to Section 4 hereof) with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which, if no Change in Control has occurred, shall be at the election of the Board (1) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, (2) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, (3) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (4) if so directed by the Board, by the shareholders of the Company. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, a determination (subject to Section 4 hereof) with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made (x) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board or (y) otherwise, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. 
 (b) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 7(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. Indemnitee may, within 10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection which shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a California state court or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Indemnitee to the Company s selection of Independent Counsel and or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 7(a) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 7(b), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 
 (c) The Indemnitee s Expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding concerning the Indemnitee s right to indemnification or Expense advances in whole or in part pursuant to this Agreement shall also be indemnified by the Company, regardless of the outcome of such action, suit or proceeding. 
 (d) Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the Company or its Subsidiaries, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Company in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company or on information or records given or reports made to the Company by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company. In addition, the knowledge and or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(d) are satisfied, it 

shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 
 (e) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 7(a) to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within 60 days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law provided, however, that such 60 day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and or information relating thereto and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(e) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders pursuant to Section 7(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination, the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat. 
 (e) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or shareholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 
 (f) The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 
 (g) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that 

Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 11. Limitations on Indemnification . The Company shall make no payments pursuant to this Agreement 
 (a) To indemnify or advance funds to the Indemnitee for Expenses with respect to Proceedings initiated or brought voluntarily by the Indemnitee and not by way of defense, except with respect to Proceedings brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under this Agreement or any other statute or law or otherwise as required under California law, but such indemnification or advancement of expenses may be provided by the Company in specific cases if the Board finds it to be appropriate 
 (b) To indemnify the Indemnitee for any Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or ERISA excise taxes sustained in any Proceeding for which payment is actually made to the Indemnitee under a valid and collectible insurance policy, except in respect of any excess beyond the amount of payment under such insurance 
 (c) To indemnify the Indemnitee for any Expenses, judgments, fines or penalties sustained in any Proceeding for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale by the Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and amendments thereto or similar provisions of any federal, state or local statutory law 
 (d) If a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines that any indemnification hereunder is unlawful 
 (e) To indemnify the Indemnitee for any Expenses based upon or attributable to the Indemnitee gaining in fact any personal profit or advantage to which the Indemnitee was not legally entitled and 
 (f) To indemnify or advance Expenses to Indemnitee for Indemnitee's reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation previously received by Indemnitee or payment of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). Indemnitee remains subject to the Company s recoupment policy for incentive-based or equity based compensation. 
 12. Maintenance of Liability Insurance . 
 (a) The Company hereby covenants and agrees that, as long as the Indemnitee continues to serve as a director and or officer of the Company and or any Subsidiary and thereafter as long as the Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Proceeding, the Company, subject to subsection (c) below, shall promptly obtain and maintain in full force and effect directors and officers liability insurance D&O Insurance in reasonable amounts from established and reputable insurers providing coverage. 

(b) In all D&O Insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Upon request, the Company will provide to Indemnitee copies of all directors' and officers' liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements and other related materials. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain D&O Insurance if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such insurance is not reasonably available, the premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, the coverage provided by such insurance is so limited by exclusions that it provides an insufficient benefit, or the Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a Subsidiary of the Company. If the Company makes such a determination, it shall notify the Indemnitee 30 calendar days prior to discontinuing coverage. 
 13. Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive . The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the Indemnitee may be entitled under the Company s Constituent Documents, any agreement, vote of shareholders or Disinterested Directors of the Company, provision of California law, or otherwise, both as to action in the Indemnitee s official capacity and as to action in another capacity on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary while holding such office. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the CCC, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Constituent Documents and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. 
 14. Subrogation . In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 15. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee and the Indemnitee s heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, whether or not Indemnitee has ceased to be a director and or officer of the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary or any director and or officer of any of their successors and assigns. 
 16. Merger, Consolidation or Change in Control . If the Company is a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation, whether the Company is the resulting or surviving corporation or is absorbed as a result thereof, or if there is a Change in Control of the Company, Indemnitee shall stand in the same position under this Agreement with respect to the resulting, surviving or changed corporation as Indemnitee would have with respect to the Company if its separate existence had continued or if there had been no Change in the Control of the Company. 
 17. Severability . Each and every paragraph, sentence, term and provision of this Agreement is separate and distinct so that if any paragraph, sentence, term or provision hereof shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability 

shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other paragraph, sentence, term or provision hereof. To the extent required, any paragraph, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement may be modified by a court of competent jurisdiction to preserve its validity and to provide the Indemnitee with the broadest possible indemnification permitted under applicable law. 
 18. Savings Clause . If this Agreement or any paragraph, sentence, term or provision hereof is invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee as to any Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or ERISA excise taxes incurred with respect to any Proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable paragraph, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement that has not been invalidated or by any other applicable provision of applicable law. 
 19. Interpretation Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed as a whole and in accordance with its fair meaning. Headings are for convenience only and shall not be used in construing meaning. This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. 
 20. Amendments . No amendment, waiver, modification, termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. The indemnification rights afforded to the Indemnitee hereby are contract rights and may not be diminished, eliminated or otherwise affected by amendments to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, the Company s Bylaws or by other agreements, including directors and officers liability insurance policies. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective ________ , 2021 when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other. 
 22. Notices . Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be directed to American States Water Company, 630 East Foothill Blvd., San Dimas, California 91773 Attention Chief Financial Officer, and to Indemnitee at the address given on the signature page hereto or to such other address as either shall designate in writing. 
 Signature page to follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Indemnification Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 RECIPIENT NAME 
 
 Notice Address 
 _____________________________________ 
 _____________________________________ 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 AMERICAN STATES WATER COMPANY 
 By 
 Its President & CEO 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit21subsidiariesofawr.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of 
 American States Water Company 

Golden State Water Company 
 
 American States Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Fort Bliss Water Services Company 
 
 Old Dominion Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Terrapin Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Palmetto State Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Old North Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Emerald Coast Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 Fort Riley Utility Services, Inc. 
 
 California Cities Water Company, Inc. 
 
 Bear Valley Electric Service, Inc. 
 ________________________________________________________________________ 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibits231-auditorsconsen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3D (No. 333-155310) and S-8 (Nos. 333-129873, 333-108095, 333-189508, 333-155376 and 333-213049) of American States Water Company of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31110k2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for AWR 

I, Robert J. Sprowls, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American States Water Company (referred to as the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 By s ROBERT J. SPROWLS Robert J. Sprowls President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1 1>
 7
 ex311110k2022.htm
 EX-31.1 1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for GSWC 

I, Robert J. Sprowls, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden State Water Company (referred to as GSWC for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the GSWC as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) GSWC s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for GSWC and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to GSWC, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of GSWC s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in GSWC s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during GSWC s most recent fiscal quarter (GSWC s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, GSWC s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5) GSWC s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the GSWC s auditors and the audit committee of GSWC s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the GSWC s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in GSWC s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 By s ROBERT J. SPROWLS Robert J. Sprowls President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1 1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31210k2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for AWR 

I, Eva G. Tang, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American States Water Company (referred to as the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 By s EVA G. TANG Eva G. Tang Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.2 1>
 9
 ex312110k2022.htm
 EX-31.2 1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for GSWC 

I, Eva G. Tang, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden State Water Company (referred to as GSWC for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of GSWC as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) GSWC s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for GSWC and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to GSWC, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of GSWC s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in GSWC s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during GSWC s most recent fiscal quarter (GSWC s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, GSWC s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5) GSWC s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to GSWC s auditors and the audit committee of GSWC s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect GSWC s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in GSWC s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 By s EVA G. TANG Eva G. Tang Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2 1>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32110k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of American States Water Company and Golden State Water Company (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I Robert J. Sprowls, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s ROBERT J. SPROWLS Robert J. Sprowls President and Chief Executive Officer Dated March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32210k2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of American States Water Company and Golden State Water Company (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I Eva G. Tang, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s EVA G. TANG Eva G. Tang Senior Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary Dated March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 awr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 awr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 awr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 awr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 awr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

