<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1085277_0001663577-23-000137.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2906784</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121979</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>657053</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>704515</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>573552</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>785594</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-23-000137.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329190554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-23-000137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SKINVISIBLE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				880344219
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25911
		FILM NUMBER:		23776718

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 S SANDHILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 10
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7024337154

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 S SANDHILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 10
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SKINVISIBLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-23-000137.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 skvi10k123122.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
 Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

Transition
 Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission file number : 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: . 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 not applicable 

Securities registered
 under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by
checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
[X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 

 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. [ ] 

State the aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter . 

Indicate the
number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. common
shares as of March 31, 2023 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 26 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Skinvisible Pharmaceuticals Inc.,
are a pharmaceutical research and development R D company that has developed and patented an innovative polymer delivery
system, Invisicare and formulated over forty topical skin products, which we out-license globally. We were incorporated in 1998,
and target an estimated 80 billion global skincare and dermatology market and a 30 billion global over-the-counter market as well as
other healthcare / medical and consumer goods markets. 

With the research and development complete on forty products and numerous
patents issued (technology and product patents), we are ready to monetize our investment. Our business model will continue to be to out-license
our patented prescription and over-the-counter OTC products featuring Invisicare to established manufacturers and marketers
of brands internationally and to maximize profits from the products we have already out-licensed. 

The opportunity for us to license our products continues to be a viable
model as the need for pharmaceutical companies to access external R D companies for new products due to their own down-sizing or elimination
of internal R D departments. The demand for our products is enhanced due to the granting of key US and international patents and the
completed development of a number of unique products. 

Our Flagship Product 

Pivotal to our success is our patented polymer delivery system technology
Invisicare. Invisicare is a patented polymer delivery system that enhances the delivery of active ingredients for topically applied skin
care products. Its patented technology has a unique formula and process for combining active ingredients with a delivery system that extends
the duration of time the product remains on the skin and active. 

Invisicare is specifically formulated to carry water insoluble active
and certain cationic active ingredients in water-based products without the use of alcohol, silicones, waxes, or other organic solvents.
Products utilizing Invisicare have the proven ability to bond active ingredients to the skin for up to four hours and longer. They are
non-occlusive and allow normal skin respiration and perspiration while moisturizing and protecting against exposure from a wide variety
of environmental irritants. 

 When topically applied, these formulated products adhere to the skin's
outer layers, forming a protective bond, resisting wash-off, and delivering targeted levels of therapeutic or cosmetic skincare agents
to the skin. They allow enhanced delivery performance for a variety of skincare agents resulting in improved efficacy, longer duration
of action, reduced irritation and lower dosage of active agent required. The invisible polymer compositions wear off as part
of the natural exfoliation process of the skin's outer layer cells. 

The advantage of products formulated with Invisicare is (1) Invisicare s
ability to bind active ingredients (the drug) to the skin, forming a protective bond on the skin, for extended periods of time; (2) Invisicare
can deliver targeted levels (high or low) of therapeutic or cosmetic ingredients to the skin in a controlled release; (3) Invisicare can
help to reduce the irritation of some active ingredients due to how it controls the slower release of that active ingredient; and (4)
Invisicare science proves that it provides a protective skin barrier which helps retain the natural moisture content of the skin, while
still allowing it to breathe. These benefits present an excellent opportunity for clear scientific advantages and marketing messages which
resonate with physicians and consumers. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

We have positioned ourselves in the 80 billion
worldwide prescription and over-the-counter dermatology and skincare market. We generate revenue by: 

LICENSING :
We develop topical prescription and over-the-counter products enhanced with Invisicare to license to pharmaceutical and consumer goods
companies around the world for an upfront fee and ongoing royalties; 

 CO-DEVELOPMENT : We assist pharmaceutical
clients in the early development of the most optimal formulation, which they then take forward into clinical testing; 

 LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT : We provide cost-effective
solutions to global pharmaceutical companies by reformulating their products coming off patent with a new Invisicare patent and new product
benefits and line extensions. Pharmaceutical companies are under a lot of pressure to develop innovative strategies to counteract the
revenue loss from their drugs coming off patent. 

License Agreement with Quoin 

On October 17, 2019, we entered an Exclusive License
Agreement with Quoin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation Quoin pursuant to which we granted to Quoin a license
to certain patents for the development of products for commercial sale. In exchange for the license, Quoin agreed to pay to us a license
fee of 1,000,000 (the License Fee and a single digit royalty interest of all net sales on the licensed products subject
to adjustment in certain situations. The agreement also requires that Quoin make certain milestone payments to us upon achieving regulatory
approval milestones for certain drug products. 

The agreement was subject to termination,
if among other things, 50 of the license fee is not paid by December 31, 2019 and if the full License Fee is not paid by March 31, 2020.
No payments were made by Quoin and the agreement was terminated. Both Parties subsequently determined that they continue to see the value
in a partnership and therefore on May 8, 2020 and again on July 31, 2020 the companies agreed to extend the Exclusive License Agreement
under the same terms to expire on December 31, 2020, and on January 27, 2021 the companies agreed to revise the milestone payments due
under the agreement and to extend the agreement indefinitely. 

On June 14, 2021, the Company entered into an
amendment to change the terms of the license Fee as shown below. 

As partial consideration for the rights
conveyed by Skinvisible under this Agreement, Licensee agrees to pay to Skinvisible a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable license
issue fee of one million USD dollars (USD 1,000,000) (''License Fee''). To date, Licensee has paid one million US dollars (USD 1,000,000). 

Additionally, the milestones in the initial agreement
were changed as shown below: 

(i) Successful
completion of Phase 2 testing: 0 

 (ii) Successful
completion of Phase 3 testing: 0 

 (iii) Regulatory
approval in either the US or EU, whichever happens first: 5,000,000 

On June 6, 2022 we announced
that Quoin has received U.S. FDA acceptance of its Investigational New Drug (IND) application for its licensed formulation which uses
our Invisicare proprietary drug delivery technology. The topical formulation QRX003 was developed to treat Nethertons Syndrome,
a debilitating hereditary disorder that affects the skin, hair and the immune system. There currently is no cure or approved treatment
for Netherton Syndrome. 

With the IND approved, the
clinical trial is underway. We look forward to assisting Quoin in their success and potential FDA approval as well as potentially bringing
a treatment to patients suffering from Nethertons Syndrome. 

Quoin is responsible for
obtaining all FDA and other regulatory body approvals necessary to market the products in the US and other countries. Upon the successful
completion of various clinical and regulatory milestones, Skinvisible is entitled to receive a milestone payment of 5 million and ongoing
royalties from sales. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

License Agreement with Ovation Science 

On February 3, 2020, we entered into a License
Agreement with Ovation Science Inc. pursuant to which Skinvisible granted to Ovation Science Inc. a license for the manufacture and distribution
rights to its hand sanitizer product, DermSafe. In exchange for the license, Ovation Science Inc. agreed to pay to Skinvisible a royalty
percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain situations plus a license fee payable in year 3
of the agreement if it chooses to continue the license. 

On June 10, 2020, Ovation Science paid us the
fee otherwise due in year 3 and in exchange we extended the term of Ovation Science s license to 6-years and granted Ovation additional
rights to its hand sanitizer products and assigned Canadian Identification Numbers 02310589 and 02355558, all DermSafe Trademarks, DermSafe
clinical data and the right to patent DermSafe where not currently patented. In exchange for these rights, Ovation Science paid a 100,000
license fee. We completed the required assignments during the year ending December 31, 2020 and recognized 100,000 in revenue. 

Competition 

Market research indicates there is reasonably limited direct competition
for Invisicare and patented products in terms of performance capabilities for topically administered skin products. Many companies are
seeking unique delivery systems to enhance their portfolio and purchasing companies that have delivery technology. 

Government Regulation 

Cosmetic and Skin Care Regulation 

Depending upon product claims and formulation, skin care products may be
regulated as cosmetics, drugs, devices, or combination cosmetics and drugs. The FDA has authority to regulate cosmetics marketed in the
United States under the FDCA and the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act FPLA and implementing regulations. The Federal Trade
Commission (the FTC regulates the advertising of cosmetics under the FTCA. 

The FDCA prohibits the marketing of adulterated and misbranded cosmetics.
Cosmetic ingredients must also comply with the FDA s ingredient, quality, and labeling requirements and the FTC s requirements
pertaining to truthful and non-misleading advertising. Cosmetic products and ingredients, with the exception of color additives, are not
required to have FDA premarket approval. Manufacturers of cosmetics are also not required to register their establishments, file data
on ingredients, or report cosmetic-related injuries to the FDA. 

We will be responsible for substantiating the safety and product claims
of the cosmetic products and ingredients before marketing. The FDA or FTC may disagree with our characterization of one or more of the
skin care products as a cosmetic or the product claims. This could result in a variety of enforcement actions which could require the
reformulation or relabeling of our products, the submission of information in support of the product claims or the safety and effectiveness
of our products, or more punitive action, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If the FDA determines we
have failed to comply with applicable requirements under the FDCA or FPLA, it can impose a variety of enforcement actions from public
warning letters, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties to seizure of our products, total or partial shutdown of our production,
and criminal prosecutions. If any of these events were to occur, it could materially adversely affect us. If the FTC determines we have
failed to substantiate our claims, it can pursue a variety of actions including disgorgement of profits, injunction from further violative
conduct, and consent decrees. 

Domestic State and Local Government Regulation 

Some states and local governments in the United States regulate the labeling,
operation, sale, and distribution of our skin care products. To the extent additional state or local laws apply, we intend to comply with
them. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Foreign Government Regulation 

In general, we will need to comply with the government regulations of each
individual country in which our products are to be distributed and sold. These regulations vary in complexity and can be as stringent,
and on occasion even more stringent, than FDA regulations in the United States. The level of complexity and stringency is not always precisely
understood today for each country, creating greater uncertainty for the international regulatory process. Furthermore, government regulations
can change with little to no notice and may result in up-regulation of our product(s), thereby creating a greater regulatory burden for
us. We have not yet thoroughly explored the applicable laws and regulations that we will need to comply with in foreign jurisdictions.
As a result it is possible that we may not be permitted to sell our products in foreign markets or expand our business into one or more
foreign jurisdictions. 

Environmental Laws 

We are not subject to any significant or material environmental regulation
in the normal operation of our business. 

Employees 

Currently, we have two employees, including our CEO Terry Howlett. 

Subsidiaries 

We conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Skinvisible
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risk Factors Associated with Covid 19 

The extent to which the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak
impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices (including
employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may
take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers
and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise
be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations
and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to: 

the duration and scope of the pandemic; 

governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic and the impact of those actions on global economic activity; 

the actions taken in response to economic disruption; 

the impact of business disruptions; 

the increase in business failures that we may utilize as industry partners and the customers we serve; 

uncertainty as to the impact or staff availability during and post the pandemic; and 

our ability to provide our services, including as a result of our employees or our customers and suppliers working remotely and/or closures of offices and facilities. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Even after the coronavirus outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience
materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may
occur in the future. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and our Business 

We have outstanding secured and other debt that has matured and we
have not paid off, which could negatively affect our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
expect to experience high debt payments in the future as a result of our outstanding secured and unsecured liabilities. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, we entered to settlement agreements to settle various notes. As part of the settlement the principal balance
of the notes were settled for cash and all interest due through the date of settlement was forgiven. As of December 31, 2021, the Company
has recorded a gain on settlement of the debt of 109,688 associated with the settlement of 298,400 of principal. As of December 31,
2022, 443,600 of the outstanding secured notes payable are past due and in default and have been classified as current notes payable.
We also have 40,000 in
outstanding unsecured notes that are past due. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues and/or additional financing to service
this debt, there is a risk the lenders will call the notes, secure our assets, as to those applicable secured notes, and demand payment.
If this happens, we could go out of business. 

Our investors may lose their entire investment because our financial
status creates a doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. 

We do not have sufficient cash nor
do we have a significant source of revenues to cover our operational costs and allow us to continue as a going concern. The
Company anticipates generating revenues through the licensing of its core products and if that is not sufficient we may seek to raise
additional operating capital to implement our business plan in an offering of our common stock or debt. Our company's plan
specifies a minimum amount of 500,000 in additional operating capital to operate for the next twelve months. However, there can be no
assurance that the revenues generated or that such an offering will be successful. You may lose your entire investment 

Our failure to raise additional
capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations could reduce our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect
our results of operations. 

We need to raise additional funds
to achieve our future strategic objectives, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if
at all. If we engage in debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness,
force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. If we need additional
capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, we may not be able to, among other things: 

launch, develop and enhance
our existing products; 

continue to expand our product
base, sales and/or marketing efforts; 

hire, train and retain employees;
or 

respond to competitive pressures
or unanticipated working capital requirements. 

Our inability to do any of the foregoing
could reduce our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our results of operations. 

If we are unable to generate revenues by implementing our business
plan, you will lose your entire investment in our company. 

We have a history of losses from inception and we had an accumulated deficit
as of December 31, 2022 of 36,998,048. We have not been able to generate sufficient revenues from licensees, from the sale of our own
products or otherwise to cover our expenses. If we are unsuccessful in generating revenues, you could lose your entire investment. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

If our products or products that are licensed by our licensees are
not deemed desirable and suitable for purchase and we cannot establish a customer base, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues,
which would result in a failure of the business and a loss of any investment one makes in our company. 

The acceptance of our products is critically important to our success.
We cannot be certain that the products that we will be offering will be appealing and as a result there may not be any demand for these
products and our sales could be limited and we may never realize any significant revenues. In addition, there are no assurances that if
we alter or change the products we offer in the future that the demand for these new products will develop and this could adversely affect
our business and any possible revenues. 

If demand for the products that we offer or products that are licensed
by our licensees slows, then our business would be materially affected. 

Demand for our products and products of our licensees, depends on many
factors, including: 

the economy, and in periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, customers may defer luxury purchases or may choose alternate products; 

the competitive environment in the skin care sector or sectors in which products are introduced may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or increase promotional spending; 

our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers needs for skin care products in a timely cost-effective manner; 

our ability to maintain efficient, timely and cost-effective production and delivery of the products and services; and, 

our ability to identify and respond successfully to emerging trends in the skin care and personal care industries. 

For the long term, demand for product offerings may be affected by: 

the ability to establish, maintain and eventually grow market share in a competitive environment; 

our ability to deliver our products in the markets we intend to service, changes in government regulations, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, pandemics and other factors beyond our control may increase the cost of items we purchase, create communication issues or render product delivery difficult which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability; and 

restrictions on access to North American markets and supplies. 

All of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines
in the demand for products that we offer as well as licensed products, which could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall
financial condition. 

Because we are new in the marketplace, we may not be able to compete
effectively and increase market share. 

Our current and potential competitors may have longer operating histories,
significantly greater resources and name recognition, and a larger base of customers than we have. Our competitors may also be able to
adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the development, marketing and sale of their products and services
than we can. To be competitive, we must continue to invest significant resources in sales and marketing. We may not have sufficient resources
to make these investments or to develop the technological advances necessary to be competitive, which in turn will cause our business
to suffer and restrict our profitability potential. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Because we rely on third parties to manufacture our products, we
are subject to factors outside of our control to meet our standards or timelines. 

Our products are manufactured by three third-party manufacturing companies
on a purchase order basis. No contractual arrangement are currently in place, except for standard confidentiality agreements. We are dependent
on the timeliness and effectiveness of our third-part manufacturers efforts. 

Failure or lack of reliability in the manufacture of our products is likely
to result in loss of business. Among other risks: 

Our products may fail to provide the expected results; 

We may experience limited availability of quality ingredients for manufacturing; 

We may experience poor quality manufacturing; 

Our products may have new competition from other companies attempting to duplicate our formulas; and 

Our customers could experience results different from our test results. 

Like other retailers, distributors and manufacturers of skin care
and personal care products, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of the products
that we sell results in injury. 

We may be subjected to various product liability claims, including claims
that the products we sell contain contaminants, are improperly labeled or include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings
concerning side effects and interactions with other substances. In addition, we may be forced to defend lawsuits. We cannot predict whether
product liability claims will be brought against us in the future or the effect of any resulting adverse publicity on the business. Moreover,
we may not have adequate resources in the event of a successful claim against us. The successful assertion of product liability claim
against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages. In addition, interactions of the products with other similar products,
prescription medicines and over-the-counter drugs have not been fully explored. 

We may also be exposed to claims relating to product advertising or product
quality. People may purchase our products expecting certain physical results, unique to skin care and personal care products. If they
do not perceive expected results to occur, certain individuals or groups of individuals may seek monetary retribution. 

If our products become contaminated, our business could be
seriously harmed. 

We have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards.
However, our products may still not meet these standards or could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these standards or
contamination could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. Such a failure or contamination
could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls and liability claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated even
from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our
business and financial performance. 

Our business may be adversely affected by unfavorable publicity within
the skin care markets. 

Management believes that the skin care market and personal care markets
are significantly affected by national media attention. As with any retail provider, future scientific research or publicity may not be
favorable to the industry or to any particular product, and may not be consistent with earlier favorable research or publicity. Because
of our dependence on consumers perceptions, adverse publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from the
use of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies and future reports of research that are perceived as less favorable
or that question earlier research, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are highly dependent upon consumers perceptions of the safety and quality of the products as well as similar products distributed
by other companies. Thus, the mere publication of reports asserting that skin care or personal care products may be harmful or questioning
their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, regardless of whether
such reports are scientifically supported or whether the claimed harmful effects would be present at the dosages recommended for such
products. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

As we conduct international business transactions, we will be exposed
to local business risks in different countries, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

We promote and sell our products internationally and our licensees do the
same. International operations will be subject to risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries, including, but not necessarily
limited to: 

new and different legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; 

potentially adverse tax consequences, including imposition or increase of taxes on transactions or withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 

risk of nationalization of private enterprises by foreign governments; 

legal restrictions on doing business in or with certain nations, certain parties and/or certain products; and, 

local economic, political and social conditions, including the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability. 

We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies
to address the foregoing factors in a timely and effective manner in the locations where we will do business. Consequently, the occurrence
of one or more of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our base operations and upon our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Since our products will be available over the Internet in foreign countries
and we plan to have customers residing in foreign countries, foreign jurisdictions may require us to qualify to do business in their country.
We will be required to comply with certain laws and regulations of each country in which we conduct business, including laws and regulations
currently in place or which may be enacted related to Internet services available to the residents of each country from online sites located
elsewhere. 

Because of the nature of our products, we may be subject to government
regulations or laws that increase our costs of operations or decrease our ability to generate income. 

Any failure by us, or by any third party that may manufacture or market
our products, to comply with the law, including statutes and regulations administered by the FDA or other U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities,
could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines and other civil penalties, suspension of regulatory approvals and the resulting
requirement that we suspend sales of our products, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, export
or import restrictions, interruption of production, operating restrictions, closure of the facilities used by us or third parties to manufacture
our product candidates, injunctions or criminal prosecution. Any of the foregoing actions could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Our commercial success depends significantly on our ability to develop
and commercialize our potential products without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

Our commercial success will depend, in part, on operating our business
without infringing the patents or proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties that believe we are infringing on their rights could
bring actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin the development, marketing and distribution of our products. If we become
involved in any litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources, regardless of the outcome of the litigation. If any
of these actions are successful, we could be required to pay damages and/or to obtain a license to continue to develop or market our products,
in which case we may be required to pay substantial royalties. However, any such license may not be available on terms acceptable to us
or at all. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or forced to cease some aspect of our business operations
as a result of patent infringement claims, which would harm our business. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

The implementation of our business plan relies on our ability to
manage growth. If we are not able to manage the growth, our business plan may not be successfully implemented. 

We expect to expand our operations by increasing our sales and marketing
efforts, research and development activities, and escalating our services. The anticipated growth could place a significant strain on
our management, and operational and financial resources. Effective management of the anticipated growth shall require expanding our management
and financial controls, hiring additional appropriate personnel as required, and developing additional expertise by existing management
personnel. However, there can be no assurances that these or other measures we may implement shall effectively increase our capabilities
to manage such anticipated growth or to do so in a timely and cost-effective manner. Moreover, management of growth is especially challenging
for a company with a short revenue generating history and limited financial resources, and the failure to effectively manage growth could
have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Our success depends on continuing to hire and retain qualified personnel,
including our director and officers and our technical personnel. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining these personnel,
our business will suffer. 

Our success depends substantially on the performance
of our management team and key personnel. Currently, we have three employees, including our CEO Terry Howlett. Due to the specialized
technical nature of our business, we are particularly dependent on our technical personnel. Our future success will depend on our ability
to attract, integrate, motivate and retain qualified technical, sales, operations, and managerial personnel, as well as our ability to
successfully implement a plan for management succession. Competition for qualified personnel in our business areas is intense, and we
may not be able to continue to attract and retain key personnel. In addition, if we lose the services of any of our management team or
key personnel and are not able to find suitable replacements in a timely manner, our business could be disrupted and we may incur increased
operating expenses. 

If
we are unable to attract new distributors and customers, or if our existing
 distributors and customers do not purchase additional products, the growth of our business
and cash flows will be adversely affected. 

To increase
our revenues and cash flows, we must regularly add distributors and customers and sell additional
products to our existing distributors and customers. If we are unable to sell our products
to customers that have been referred to us, unable to generate sufficient sales leads through our marketing programs, or if our existing
or new distributors and customers do not perceive our products to be of sufficiently high
value and quality, we may not be able to increase sales and our operating results would be adversely affected. In addition, if we fail
to sell new products to existing distributors and customers or new distributors and
 customers, our operating results will suffer, and our revenue growth, cash flows and profitability
may be materially and adversely affected. 

Key management personnel may leave us, which could adversely
affect our ability to continue operations. 

We are entirely dependent on the efforts of our management because of the
time and effort that they devote to us. They are in charge of overseeing all development strategies, supervising any/all future personnel,
and the implementation of our business plan. Their loss, or other key personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

If a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may
be unable to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol SKVI on the OTCQB
operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc, an electronic inter-dealer quotation medium for equity securities. We do not currently have an active
trading market. There can be no assurance that an active and liquid trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. 

Our securities are very thinly traded. Accordingly, it may be difficult
to sell shares of our common stock without significantly depressing the value of the stock. Unless we are successful in developing continued
investor interest in our stock, sales of our stock could continue to result in major fluctuations in the price of the stock. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Our common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely
in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and
could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; 

 government regulation of our products and services; 

 the establishment of partnerships with other technology companies; 

 intellectual property disputes; 

 additions or departures of key personnel; 

 sales of our common stock 

 our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 

 our ability to execute our business plan; 

 operating results below expectations; 

 loss of any strategic relationship; 

 industry developments; 

 economic and other external factors; and 

 period to period fluctuations in our financial results. 

Because we have nominal revenues to date, you should consider any one of
these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the above. 

In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations
may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to
pay cash dividends in the future on our common stock. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial
condition and other business and economic factors at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay cash
dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its stock price appreciates. 

As a new investor, you will experience substantial dilution
as a result of future equity issuances. 

In the event we are required to raise additional capital it may do so by
selling additional shares of common stock thereby diluting the shares and ownership interests of existing shareholders. 

Because we are subject to the Penny Stock rules, the
level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally
define penny stock to be any listed, trading equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior
to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules which may
increase the difficulty Purchasers may experience in attempting to liquidate such securities. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make
it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties
or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Members of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability
for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer, except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the
Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable to the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages
as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s
or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her
breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors
and officers protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of
the duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers
even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care. In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from
and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that if you were
able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred
in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations
could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows,
and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

Item 2. Properties 

Currently, we do not own any or lease any real estate. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any pending
legal proceeding. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders
of 5 or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable 

13 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol SKVI 
on the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

The OTCQB is a quotation service that displays real-time
quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter equity securities. Because our stock is traded on the OTCQB, these
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Because
we are quoted on the OTCQB, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate
lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed on a national securities exchange. 

Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCQB is often thin
and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s operations
or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters
indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on the OTCQB. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.11 
 0.11 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.07 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.11 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.24 
 0.24 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.13 
 0.13 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.12 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.17 
 .017 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.10 

Penny Stock 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a
description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains
a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description
of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d)
contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document
or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size
and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction
in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating
to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer s account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure
statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading
activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling our securities. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 4,539,843 shares of our common stock issued
and outstanding, held by ___ shareholders of record, other than those held in street name. 

Dividends 

There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that
prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving
effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. 
 we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 
 
 2. 
 our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and to the date
of filing this Annual Report, we have not issued any shares of common stock_. 

These securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and
not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate information about us to make an informed investment decision.
We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the
appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information about our compensation plans under
which shares of common stock may be issued upon the exercise of options as of December 31, 2022. 

In July 2006, we adopted the 2006 Skinvisible, Inc. Stock Option Plan,
which provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance
shares and performance units, and stock awards our officers, directors or employees of, as well as advisers and consultants. This plan
was confirmed by our stockholders on August 7, 2006 at the annual shareholders meeting. 

Under the 2006 Skinvisible, Inc. Stock Option Plan, we reserved 200,000
shares of common stock for the granting of options and rights. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plans
as of December 31, 2022 

A 
 
 B 
 
 C 
 
 Plan Category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, 
 warrants and right 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A)) 

Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 

100,000 

1.51 

39,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

60,000 

1.11 

Total 

160,000 

1.31 

39,000 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including
estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon
which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, 
 intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain.
Factors which could have a material adverse affect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not
limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and
generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

COVID-19 

The full extent of the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to
accurately predict at the present time. In an effort to contain COVID-19 or slow its spread, governments around the world have enacted
various measures, including orders to close all businesses not deemed essential, isolate residents to their homes or places
of residence, and practice social distancing when engaging in essential activities. We anticipate that these actions and the global health
crisis caused by COVID-19 will negatively impact business activity across the globe. While we have not observed any noticeable impact
on our revenue related to these conditions in the past fiscal year, or through the date of this filing, we cannot estimate the impact
COVID-19 will have in the future as business and consumer activity decelerates across the globe. 

We will continue to actively monitor
the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities,
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential
effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our customers, partners, or vendors,
or on our financial results. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

Our revenue, which we combine from product sales, royalties on patent licenses
and license fees (product development fees), was 279,296for the year ended December 31, 2022, an decrease from 663,426 for the same
period ended December 31, 2021. 

The revenue for 2022 was mainly from license fees with Quoin and the revenue
for 2021 was mainly from license fees with Quoin and Ovation. We hope to generate more revenues from our licenses with Quoin and Ovation
in2023. 

Gross Profit 

We had 4,808 in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared with 3,300 in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, so our gross profit was 274,488, or 98 of sales for
2022 and 660,126, or 99 of sales for 2021. 

Our gross profit decreased in 2022 due to less revenues from our license
with Quoin, We hope to generate more revenues from our licenses with Quoin and Ovation in2023. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses decreased to 512,919 for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 472,046 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 

Our operating expenses for all periods consisted mainly of selling, general
and administrative expenses. 

Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year December
31, 2022 consisted mainly of accrued salaries and wages of 328,769 and audit and accounting of 53,638. In comparison, our selling, general
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted mainly of accrued salaries and wages of 316,769, audit and
accounting of 49,712. 

Other Expenses 

We had other expenses of 986,455 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared with other expenses of 1,260,833 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022
consisted mainly of interest expense, netted against a gain on forgiveness of debt and gain on derivative liability changes. Our other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted mainly of interest expense and a loss on the changes in derivative liability,
offset by a gain on the settlement of debt. 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net loss of 1,224,887 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared with a net loss of 1,072,753 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 36,998,048 since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational
and marketing activities to take place. The Company s ability to generate the necessary funds through licensing of its core products
or the ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock or debt is unknown. The obtainment of additional
financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment
of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. These factors, among others, raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total current assets of 109,946
and total assets in the amount of 246,793. Our total current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 3,644,986. We had a working capital
deficit of 3,535,040 as of December 31, 2022, compared with a working capital deficit of 2,987,049 as of December 31, 2022. 

Operating activities provided 45,170 in cash for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared with 374,605 provided for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our positive operating cash flows for 2022
and 2021 was largely the result of changes in operating assets and liabilities, amortization of debt discount offset mainly by the net
loss for the periods. 

We used cash of 2.530 and 20,864 in investing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the purchase of fixed and intangible assets. 

Cash flows used by financing activities during the year ended December
31, 2022 amounted to 27,299, as compared with cash used of 323,600 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our negative financing cash
flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from payments on related party loans. Our negative financing cash flow for the year
ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the repayments of debt. 

The features of the debt instruments and payables concerning our
financing activities are detailed in the footnotes to our financial statements. 

Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient
cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through increased sales and
debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek
additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in raising addition 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants
list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical
accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Product sales Revenues from the sale of
products (Invisicare polymers) are recognized when title to the products are transferred to the customer and only when no further
contingencies or material performance obligations are warranted, and thereby have earned the right to receive reasonably assured payments
for products sold and delivered. 

Royalty sales We also recognize royalty
revenue from licensing our patented product formulations only when earned, with no further contingencies or material performance obligations
are warranted, and thereby have earned the right to receive and retain reasonably assured payments. 

Distribution and license rights sales We
also recognize revenue from distribution and license rights only when earned (and are amortized over a five-year period), with no further
contingencies or material performance obligations are warranted, and thereby have earned the right to receive and retain reasonably assured
payments. 

Costs of Revenue Cost of revenue includes
raw materials, component parts, and shipping supplies. Shipping and handling costs is not a significant portion of the cost of revenue. 

Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable
is comprised of uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment within 30 days from the invoice date.
The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reviewed periodically for collectability. If management determines that collection is unlikely,
an allowance that reflects management s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected is recorded. Management reviews
each accounts receivable balance that exceeds 30 days from the invoice date and, based on an assessment of creditworthiness, estimates
the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. As of December 31, 2022, we had not recorded a reserve for doubtful accounts. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments
and Contracts in an Entity; Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), as part of its overall simplification initiative to reduce costs and
complexity of applying accounting standards while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial
statements. Among other changes, the new guidance removes from GAAP separation models for convertible debt that require the convertible
debt to be separated into a debt and equity component, unless the conversion feature is required to be bifurcated and accounted for as
a derivative or the debt is issued at a substantial premium. As a result, after adopting the guidance, entities will no longer separately
present such embedded conversion features in equity, and will instead account for the convertible debt wholly as debt. The new guidance
also requires use of the if-converted method when calculating the dilutive impact of convertible debt on earnings per share,
which is consistent with the Company s current accounting treatment under the current guidance. The guidance is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption
permitted, but only at the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2020-06 will
have on the Company s financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

A smaller reporting company is not
required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial
Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

Audited Financial Statements: 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID:) 
 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street Ste 1100 

 80246 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Skinvisible, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Skinvisible, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of Operations,
Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United Sates) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we were required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluation of the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter
arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical
audit matter or on the disclosures to which it relates. 

Emphasis of Matter Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated
any revenues since inception and sustained a net loss of 1,224,887 for the year under audit and has accumulated losses of 36,998,048.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact
that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact
on the economies and 
financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

/s/ Gries Associates, LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Denver, Colorado 
 March 28, 2023 
 PCAOB # 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

501 S. Cherry Street Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80246 

(O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (AUDITED) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense and other current
 assets 

Total current assets 

Patents and trademarks, net 

Total assets 

. 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest payable 

Loans from related party 

Loans payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable related party, net of unamortized discount
of and respectively 

Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized debt discount of 
and , respectively 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' deficit 

Common stock; par
 value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (AUDITED) 

Years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Selling general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income and (expense) 

Interest expense 

Loss on change in derivative liability 

Gain/(loss) on settlement of
 debt 

Total other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Basic income (loss) per common share 

Fully diluted income (loss) per common share 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Fully diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 (AUDITED) 

Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in
 Capital 
 Shares payable 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Derivative liability written off to APIC 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (AUDITED) 

Years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided
 (used) by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain/(loss) on settlement of debt 

Loss on change in derivative liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (Increase) in prepaid assets 

Decrease (Increase) in accounts receivable 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Decrease in due from related party 

Increase in accrued interest 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed and intangible
 assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on related party loans 

Payments on loans payable 

Payments on convertible notes payable 

Net cash used in financing
 activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for tax 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Beneficial conversion feature
 on convertible debt 

Common stock issued on extinguishment
 of debts 

Common stock payable on extinguishment
 of debts 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, under the name
of Microbial Solutions, Inc. The Company underwent a name change on February 26, 1999, when it changed its name to Skinvisible, Inc.
The Company s subsidiary s name of Manloe Labs, Inc. was also changed to Skinvisible Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Skinvisible, Inc., together with its subsidiaries,
shall herein be collectively referred to as the Company. 

The Company
has also incurred cumulative net losses of since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing
activities to take place. These factors, among others, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern within one year from the date of filing. Managements plans for the Company are to generate
the necessary funding through licensing of its core products and to seek additional debt and equity funding. However, the Company s
ability to generate the necessary funds through licensing or raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock or
debt is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations,
and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The consolidated
financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

The Company's operations and business have experienced
disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic spreading throughout the United States and elsewhere.
The spread of COVID-19 has caused a change in the availability of our staff and support services. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there
has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance
that would require an update to its estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of its assets or liabilities as of the
date of issuance of this filing. These estimates could change in the future, as new events occur, or additional information is obtained. 

since the stated rate of interest approximates market rates. 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company utilizes a fair value hierarchy based on
three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable. 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. These are typically obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. The Company uses Level 1 measurements to value the transactions when it issues shares, warrants, options and debt with beneficial conversion features. 

Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices included for identical or similar assets and liabilities that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. These are typically obtained from readily available pricing sources for comparable instruments. The Company did not rely on any Level 2 measurements for any of its transactions in the periods included in these financial statements. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs, where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability. These inputs reflect the reporting entity s own beliefs about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, based on the best information available in the circumstances. The Company did not rely on any Level 3 measurements for any of its transactions in the periods included in these financial statements. 

The Company has made an accounting policy election
to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are collected by the Company
from its customers (sales and use taxes, value added taxes, some excise taxes). 

additional shares issuable in connection with outstanding options, warrants,
stock payable and convertible debts as of December 31, 2022 The shares issuable under each instrument is as follows; shares
issuable under convertible notes. 

and in advances were repaid to an officer of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
 in advances, respectively, remained due to officers of the Company. 

Convertible Notes Related Party 

 , accrued interest of , accrued salaries of , accrued vacation of , unpaid reimbursements of and cash advances of were converted to promissory notes convertible into common stock with a warrant feature. from issuance, and bear an interest rate of 10 . At the investor s option until the repayment date, the note may be converted to shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price of 0.20 per share along with warrants to purchase one share for every two shares issued at the exercise price of 0.30 per share for three years after the conversion date. 
 
The Company has determined the value associated with the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the notes to be . The aggregate beneficial conversion feature associated with these notes has been accreted and charged to interest expenses as a financing expense in the amount of during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company made payments toward the principal balance of the notes of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

Total, net of unamortized discount 

,
net of of accumulated amortization. As of December 31, 2021, intangible assets total , net of of accumulated
amortization. 

License and distributor rights were acquired
by the Company in January 1999 and provide exclusive use distribution of polymers and polymer based products. The Company has a non-expiring
term on the license and distribution rights. Accordingly, the Company annually assesses this license and distribution rights for impairment
and has determined that no impairment write-down is considered necessary as of December 31, 2022. 

notes payable to nineteen investors and received proceeds of . The notes were due from the anniversary date of execution. The Notes are secured by the US Patent rights granted for the Company's Sunscreen Products:
US patent number #8,128,913: Sunscreen Composition with Enhanced UV-A Absorber Stability and Methods. 

As of December 31, 2022, 
of the outstanding notes payable are past due and in default and have been classified as current notes payable. 

face value secured notes payable to investors, due in 2015. At the investor s option until the repayment date, the note and related interest may be converted to shares of the Company s common stock a discount of of the current share price after the first anniversary of the note. The notes are secured by the accounts receivable of a license agreement the Company has with Womens Choice Pharmaceuticals, LLC on its proprietary prescription product, ProCort . The notes have reached maturity and are now in default, under the notes default provisions the entire balance is now due upon demand. 

Original issue discount 

Unamortized debt discount 

Total, net of unamortized discount 

On June 30, 2019, the Company renegotiated accrued salaries and interest and outstanding convertible notes for a former employee. Under the terms of the agreements, all outstanding notes totaling , accrued interest of , accrued salaries of and accrued vacation of were converted to a promissory note convertible into common stock with a warrant feature. 
 
The Company has determined the value associated with the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the notes to be as valued under the intrinsic value method. The aggregate beneficial conversion feature has been accreted and charged to interest expenses in the amount of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

Total, net of unamortized discount 

Total Convertible Notes 

Current portion: 

Total long-term convertible notes 

and a royalty percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain
situations. The agreement also requires that Quoin make certain milestone payments to Skinvisible upon achieving regulatory approval milestones
for certain drug products. 

The
agreement is subject to termination, if among other things, of the license fee is not paid by December 31, 2019 and if the
full License Fee is not paid by March 31, 2020. No payments were made by Quoin and the agreement was terminated on December 31, 2019.
Both Parties subsequently determined that they continue to see the value in a partnership and therefore on May 8, 2020 and again on July
31, 2020 the companies agreed to extend the Exclusive License Agreement, as amended under the same terms to expire on September 30, 2020 and
on January 27, 2021 the companies agreed to revise the milestone payments due under the agreement and to extend the agreement indefinitely. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to change the terms of the license Fee as shown below. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has recognized under the agreement including during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 3, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Ovation Science Inc. pursuant to which Skinvisible granted to Ovation Science
Inc. a license for the manufacture and distribution rights to its hand sanitizer product, DermSafe. In exchange for the license, Ovation
Science Inc. agreed to pay to Skinvisible a royalty percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain
situations plus a license fee payable in year 3 of the agreement if it chooses to continue the license. On June 10, 2020, the agreement
was further amended to provide additional assignment rights for its hand sanitizer products in exchange for . 

estimated tax rate by the cumulative net operating loss (NOL) of approximately .0 million. 

 Due to the enactment of the Tax Reform
Act of 2017, we have calculated our deferred tax assets using an estimated corporate tax rate of . US Tax codes and laws may be subject
to further reform or adjustment which may have a material impact to the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

 The Company will recognize interest and
penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no accrued
interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and no amounts have been recognized in the Company s statement of operations. 

 The significant components of the Company's
deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Deferred tax asset (in millions) 

Valuation allowance (in millions) 

Current taxes payable 

Income tax expense 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately .0 million and million, respectively. The Company s
net operating loss carryforwards begin expiring in 2028. The current year s net operating loss will carryforward indefinitely, limited
to 80 of the current year taxable income. 

 The Company plans
to file its U.S. federal return for the year ended December 31, 2022 upon the issuance of this filing. Upon filing of the tax return for
the year ended December 31, 2022 the actual deferred tax asset and associated valuation allowance available to the Company may differ
from management s estimates. The tax years 2018-2020 remained open to examination for federal income tax purposes by the major tax
jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. No tax returns are currently under examination by any tax authorities. 

Options granted and assumed 

Options expired 

Options canceled 

Options exercised 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

shares
of par value common stock. The Company had and issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9.
Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On January 7, 2022, Prager Metis
CPAs, LLC (the Former Accountant declined to stand for reappointment as our independent registered public accounting firm
and, on January 12, 2022, we engaged Gries and Associates, LLC (the New Accountant as our independent registered public
accounting firm. The engagement of the New Accountant was approved by our Board of Directors. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financing Reporting 

Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based
on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are
indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP
and SEC guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to enhance
and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K,
we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following
changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation
of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting.
The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing
the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set
forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Item 9B.
Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None 

20 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following information sets forth
the names, ages, and positions of our current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) and Office(s) Held 
 
 Terry Howlett 
 75 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 David St. James 
 50 
 Director 

Set forth below is a brief description
of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Mr. Terry H. Howlett , has
been our Chief Executive Officer and Director since March 5, 1998. Mr. Howlett has a diversified background in market initialization and
development, sales and venture capital financing for emerging growth companies. He has held senior management, marketing and sales positions
with various companies, including the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, Family Life Insurance, and Avacare of Canada and founded
Presley Laboratories, Inc., which marketed cosmetic and skin, care products on a direct sales basis. For the ten years prior to becoming
President of the Company, Mr. Howlett was the President and CEO of Voice-it Solutions, Inc., a publicly traded company on the Vancouver
Stock exchange that made voice response software for order entry systems. 

Mr. David St. James is an
inventor and businessman based in Las Vegas, Nevada. He has invented and co-invented turbochargers and superchargers, some of which are
in use today on production vehicles and in Formula 1. He has also been involved in other various aspects of the automotive industry, including
product development, service, and repair. He has been an Officer and Director of Homeland Resources Ltd. since July of 2014 and currently
serves as the President and a Director. He has been the Vice President and a Director of Nouveau Ventures Inc. since August of 2014. Mr.
St. James served as the President of XLR Medical Corporation from January 2009 through January 2012. 

Directors 

Our bylaws authorize no less than
one (1) and more than twelve (12) directors. We currently have two directors. 

Term of Office 

Our Directors are appointed for a
one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with
our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

Significant Employees 

Ms. Doreen McMorran ,
is head of Business Development. Ms. McMorran brings to the Company almost 20 years of experience in the medical and pharmaceutical industry,
specifically in the areas of strategic planning, sales and marketing. She has spent the last seven years selling to international dermatology
and skincare focused companies like Procter and Gamble, Johnson Johnson, Stiefel, Galderma, Novartis and Graceway, to name a few.
Ms. McMorran, who holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) degree, spent six years in the pharmaceutical industry with Astra Pharma. Additionally,
she has held senior management level positions with a number of healthcare companies, focusing on business development, sales, marketing
and operations. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, during
the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive officer, or employee: (1) any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal
proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent
jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have a separately designated
standing audit committee. The entire board of directors performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the
actions of the board of directors when performing the functions of that would generally be performed by an audit committee. The board
of directors approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss
issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the board of directors reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent
accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers the adequacy of our internal
accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the
performance of the independent auditor. 

We do not have an audit committee
financial expert because of the size of our company and our board of directors at this time. We believe that we do not require an audit
committee financial expert at this time because we retain outside consultants who possess these attributes as needed. 

For the fiscal year ending December
31, 2022, the board of directors: 

1. 
 Reviewed and discussed the audited
financial statements with management, and 

2.. 
 Reviewed and discussed the written
disclosures and the letter from our independent auditors on the matters relating to the auditor s independence. 

Based upon the board of directors review and discussion of the matters above, the board of directors authorized inclusion of the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered
class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of
common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial shareholders are
required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based solely
on a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us during or with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022,
all filings were timely made. 

Code of
Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial
Executives, which include our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or
persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics was filed as an exhibit to the annual report on Form 10KSB for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2004 and filed with the SEC on April 14, 2005. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Currently, the objective of the cash
compensation paid by the company is to provide fair reimbursement for the time spent by our executive officer and independent directors
to the extent feasible within the financial constraints faced by our developing business. The stock options granted to our executive officer
and to our independent directors are intended to provide these individuals with incentives to pursue the growth and development of the
company s operations and business opportunities. Although the options awarded to our executive and directors are typically exercisable
immediately, they also remain valid and exercisable for terms of several years. We believe this provides the proper balance of short-term
and long-term incentives to increase the value of the company. Although an immediate increase in share price following the issuance of
the options would obviously result in a profit if those options were exercised, the longer exercisable period of the options also provides
an incentive to increase value over the long term and gives our executive officer and directors the opportunity to realize gains based
on the sustained growth of our operations and revenues. 

In addition, our sole executive officer
holds substantial ownership in the company and is generally motivated by a strong entrepreneurial interest in expanding our operations
and revenue base to the best of his ability. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and principal position 

Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Terry Howlett 
CEO CFO 

2022 
 2021 

180,000 
 180,000 

180,000 1) 
 180,000 (2) 

(1) Due to financial constraints,
however, the total paid to Mr. Howlett during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 0. 

 (2) Due to financial constraints,
however, the total salary paid to Mr. Howlett during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was 0. 

Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 

We granted Mr. Howlett the
right to convert his accrued compensation of 630,000and 450,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 into our common stock at 0.10 per
share at any time until 2028. If exercised, we also agreed to issue one three-year warrant for every two shares converted by Mr. Howlett
exercisable at 0.15 per share. 

 Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End 

 There were no unexercised options,
stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards as of December 31, 2022. 

The table below
summarizes all compensation of our directors as of December 31, 2022. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 David St. James 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Narrative Disclosure to the Director
Compensation Table 

All the fees earned or paid in cash
and stock options awards granted to Terry Howlett were earned in connection with his service as an executive officer. Mr. Howlett received
no compensation for his service as a member of our board of directors. 

Mr St. James was paid 6,000 for
his services during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On September 22, 2018, we granted
an option to purchase 2,000 shares of our common stock to Mr. St. James. The options have a strike price of 1.75. The stock options were
exercisable upon grant and have a life of 5 years. The stock options were valued at 35,497 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as
of March 31, 2023, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to
beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. 

Title of class 
 
 Name
 and address of beneficial owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 of beneficial ownership (2) 
 
 Percent
 of class (3) 
 
 Executive
 Officers Directors: 
 
 Common 
 
 Terry Howlett (4) 

11,041,001 shares 

40.0 

Common 
 
 David St. James (5) 

2,000 shares 

Less than 1 

Total of All Directors
 and Executive Officers: 

11,043,001 shares 

40.20 

More Than 5 Beneficial
 Owners: 

Doreen McMorran (6) 

10,250,510 shares 

37.0 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each person named in this table is c/o Skinvisible, Inc., 6320 South Sandhill Road, Suite 10, Las Vegas, Nevada 89120. 

(2) 
 As used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have beneficial ownership of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. 

(3) 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the percentage
 shown is based on 27,741,990 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and dilutive shares on March 31, 2023. 

(4) 
 
 Includes 154,466 shares held in his name as indicated on our shareholder
 list, and 10,886,535, shares of common stock held in derivative securities. 

(5) 
 Includes an option to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock at 0.035 per share. 

(6) 
 Includes 36,000 shares held in her name as indicated on our shareholder list, and 10,214,510 shares of common stock held in derivative securities. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Aside from that which follows and
in Executive Compensation, none of our directors or executive officers, nor any proposed nominee for election as a director,
nor any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to all of our
outstanding shares, nor any members of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings, and in-laws) of any of the
foregoing persons has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction for the last two fiscal years or in any presently
proposed transaction which, in either case, has or will materially affect us. 

On February 3, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement
with Ovation Science, pursuant to which the Company granted to Ovation Science Inc. a license for the manufacture and distribution rights
to its hand sanitizer product, DermSafe. In exchange for the license, Ovation Science Inc. agreed to pay to Skinvisible a percentage on
all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain situations plus a license fee payable in year 3 of the agreement
if it chooses to continue the license. 

On June 10, 2020, Ovation Science Inc. paid
the Company the fee otherwise due in year 3 and in exchange the Company extended the term of Ovation s license to 6-years and granted
Ovation additional rights to its hand sanitizer products and assigned Canadian Identification Numbers 02310589 and 02355558, all DermSafe
Trademarks, DermSafe clinical data and the right to patent DermSafe where not currently patented. In exchange for these rights Ovation
paid a 100,000 license fee. The Company completed the required assignments during the year ending December 31, 2021 and recognized 100,000
in revenue. 

The Company earned 0 and 2,458 in royalties
under the license agreement during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company sold polymer products to Ovation Science Inc and earned 0 and 2,458 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 0 in advances were repaid to
Mr. Howlett. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 25,200 in advances were repaid
to Ms. McMorran. 

As of December 31, 2022, 27,299
and 52,499 in advances remained due to Mr. Howlett and Ms. McMorran, respectively, and all other related party notes have been extinguished
or re-negotiated as convertible notes. 

The following table details
the notes that are outstanding for Terry Howlett and Doreen McMorran. 

Noteholder 
 Date of Note 
 Interest 
 Maturity 
 Outstanding Principal as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Terry Howlett 
 June 30, 2019 
 10 
 December 31, 2024 
 2,108,519 
 
 Terry Howlett 
 June 30, 2019 
 10 
 December 31, 2024 
 68,788 

Accrued Interest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Terry Howlett 

765,338.19 

Noteholder 
 Date of Note 
 Interest 
 Maturity 
 Outstanding Principal as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Doreen McMorran 
 June 30, 2019 
 10 
 December 31, 2024 
 2,004,502 
 
 Doreen McMorran 
 June 30, 2019 
 10 
 December 31, 2024 
 38,400 

Accrued Interest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Doreen McMorran 

720,553.15 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services 

Below is the table of Audit Fees
(amounts in US billed by our auditor in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended: 

Financial Statements for the 
Year Ended December 31 
 
 Audit Services 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 Other Fees 
 
 2021 

31,124 

0 

0 

0 

2022 

33,500 

0 

0 

0 

25 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements
Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

The following
financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K. 

Financial Statements
(See Item 8) 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger (4) 
 
 2 .2 
 Termination and Release Agreement (6) 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws, as amended (1) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment (2) 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Change (5) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics (3) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

1 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10SB12G filed on April; 30, 1999. 

2 
 Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2008. 

3 
 Incorporated by reference to Current report on Form 10-KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2005. 

4 
 Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018 

5 
 Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2019 

6 
 Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2019 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Skinvisible, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Terry Howlett 

Terry Howlett 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting
 Officer and Director 

March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Terry Howlett 

Terry Howlett 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting
 Officer and Director 

March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ David St. James 

David St. James 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Terry Howlett, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Skinvisible, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Terry Howlett 

 By: Terry Howlett 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Terry Howlet, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Skinvisible, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Terry Howlet 

 By: Terry Howlet 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Skinvisible,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Terry Howlett, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Terry Howlett 
 
 Name: 
 Terry Howlett 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Date: 
 March 29, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 skvi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 skvi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 skvi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 skvi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

