<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1855467_0001410578-23-000584.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6384103</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>540531</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1037612</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2080685</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1050210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1547422</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000584.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331171317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000584
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855467
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981591717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40621
		FILM NUMBER:		23789115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-745-1086

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000584.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 clay-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____ TO _____ COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of voting and nonvoting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , determined using the per share closing price on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on that date of 9.98. Ordinary shares held by each director and executive officer (and their respective affiliates) and each person who owns 10 percent or more of the outstanding ordinary shares or who is otherwise believed by the registrant to be in a control position have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 30 , 2023, the Registrant had ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1 PART I 5 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 5 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 10 ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 33 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 33 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 33 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 33 PART II 34 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 34 ITEM 6. RESERVED 35 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 35 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 41 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 41 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 41 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 41 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 42 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 42 PART III 43 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 43 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 47 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 48 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE . 49 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 50 PART IV 51 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 51 SIGNATURES 54 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination with Mobix Labs, Inc. Mobix Labs that we announced on November 16, 2022 (the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction ), upon the consummation of which, Chavant will change its name to Mobix Labs, Inc. New Mobix Labs the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction; the anticipated costs associated with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction; future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; New Mobix Labs financial and business performance following the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, including financial projections; changes in Mobix Labs strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, forecasts, projected costs, prospects and plans; any other risks relating to the Proposed Mobix Transaction that we may describe in a future registration statement or proxy statement relating to that transaction; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate other initial business combination opportunities if we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; and the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Summary Risk Factors We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors immediately following this summary. These risks include, among others, the following: we are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective; your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash; you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies; we may not be able to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate; you will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss; if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and liquidate; to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation; if third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share; our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests; we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers; our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares; the grant of registration rights to our Initial Shareholders and holders of our Private Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares; our Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including a vote in favor of an initial business combination, regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote; we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction; Mobix Labs is an early-stage company, and its limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate its future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter; 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 we may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of Mobix Labs or another target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or such other initial business combination; we may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us; the provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (or 65 of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies; the absence of a specified maximum redemption threshold may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business combination even if a substantial majority of Chavant s Public Shareholders elect to redeem their shares; compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination; CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our initial business combination; the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination, which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business; Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC have financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination; our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented; because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited; there is uncertainty regarding the federal income tax consequences of the redemption to the Public Shareholders; we may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our Public Shares; we may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors; the Public Warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the ordinary shares, and you do not have any information regarding such other security at this time; you may only be able to exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Public Warrants for cash; even if the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination is consummated, the Public Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless, and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 a provision of our Warrant Agreement could cause the downward adjustment of the exercise price for the Warrants in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination, which could lead to further dilution for holders of ordinary shares; our Private Warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and, upon issuance, were recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares; we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner; we are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance and may adversely affect our business, including our ability to complete our initial business combination, and our results of operations; Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions; past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company; we may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors; certain agreements with our Sponsor, officers, directors and other Initial Shareholders may be amended without shareholder approval; we are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies; and cyber incidents or cyberattacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Chavant Capital Partners, LLC, Delaware limited liability company. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 19, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On July 22, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering IPO 8,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value 0.0001, and three-fourths of one redeemable public warrant (each, a Public Warrant and, collectively, the Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of 80,000,000. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, on April 7, 2021, the Company issued 2,875,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ), for which the Sponsor paid 25,000. On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 422,581 of such Founder Shares to the underwriters for a purchase price of 3,675. On July 19, 2021, the Company reduced the offering size of the IPO and 575,000 Founder Shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in 2,300,000 Founder Shares outstanding. On September 5, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of an additional 300,000 Founder Shares. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among the Company, Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and their respective permitted designees (collectively, the Representative Designees ), the Company completed the private sale of 3,400,000 warrants (each, a Private Warrant and, collectively, the Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Sponsor and the Representative Designees at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,400,000 (the Private Placement ). The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included as part of the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts and commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred offering costs, a total of 80,000,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the IPO (the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if it does not complete its initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time), subject to applicable law. Chavant has obtained shareholder approval to extend the date by which Chavant must consummate an initial business combination from July 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, and funds were released from the Trust Account to redeem certain Public Shares in connection therewith and in connection with an earlier extension, as described below. The proceeds deposited in the 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Trust Account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our Public Shareholders. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. On July 14, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from July 22, 2022 (which is 12 months from the closing of the IPO) to January 22, 2023 by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Certain Chavant shareholders holding 7,046,967 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 70,573,278 (approximately 10.01 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the extension, Chavant agreed to deposit 31,450 (at a rate of 0.033 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by Chavant to complete a business combination by January 22, 2023. On January 6, 2023, the Company held a second extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from January 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Certain Chavant shareholders holding 96,991 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 1,004,600 (approximately 10.36 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the extension, Chavant agreed to deposit 42,802 (at a rate of 0.05 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by Chavant to complete a business combination by July 22, 2023. Following the redemptions of the Public Shares described above, the 2,000,000 Founder Shares that remain outstanding represented 70 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares. If the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination within the Combination Period. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination using cash held in the Trust Account, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Selection of Target Businesses Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. However, we may structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. On November 15, 2022, the Company and Mobix Labs entered into a business combination agreement, by and among the Company, Mobix Labs and CLAY Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Mobix Labs, with Mobix Labs surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction ). Upon closing of the Proposed Mobix Lab Transaction, the combined company will be named Mobix Labs, Inc., and its common stock and Public Warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq. The Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction includes a 30,000,000 fully committed common stock PIPE at 10.00 per share (the PIPE Investment and the related subscription agreement, the PIPE Subscription Agreement and is subject to, among other things, the approval of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction by the Company s shareholders and the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the business combination agreement, including a Form S-4 registration statement being declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor (the ordinary shares initially purchased by Sponsor in connection with the initial public offering, the Founder Shares and the director and officer holders of Chavant entered into a sponsor letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement with Chavant and Mobix Labs, pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor and the directors and officers of Chavant agreed to vote all of their Chavant ordinary shares in favor of certain proxy proposals relating to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, including any proposals the parties deem necessary or desirable to effect the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. In addition, in connection with Chavant s initial public offering, the initial holders of ordinary shares and Private Warrants of Chavant, including the Sponsor, the directors and officers of Chavant, and the permitted designees of Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, which were representatives of the underwriters in the initial public offering (collectively with the Sponsor and the officers and directors, the Initial Shareholders ), entered into a letter agreement with Chavant, pursuant to which they agreed to vote all their Chavant ordinary shares in favor of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. Chavant expects that the Initial Shareholders will vote their shares in favor of all of the proposals that will be presented at the special 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 meeting. As of March 30, 2023, the Initial Shareholders collectively owned approximately 70.0 of the outstanding Chavant ordinary shares. Redemption Rights for Holders of Public Shares Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the marketing fee we have agreed to pay to Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, who were the underwriters for our IPO. The redemption rights will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our Initial Shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender Offer Rules We may not be required by law to hold a shareholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a shareholder vote, we will, pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Submission of Our Initial Business Combination to a Shareholder Vote If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials to all shareholders and, in connection therewith, provide our Public Shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the votes cast by holders of outstanding ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the applicable special meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. Our Initial Shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. In addition, our Initial Shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our Initial Shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq rules. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or Warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. If our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from Public Shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. In the event that our Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase Public Shares in situations in which the tender offer rules restrictions on purchases would apply, they (a) would purchase the Public Shares at a price no higher than the price offered through the Company s redemption process; (b) would represent in writing that such Public Shares will not be voted in favor of approving an initial business combination; and (c) would waive in writing any redemption rights with respect to the Public Shares so purchased. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent any such purchases by our Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates are made in situations in which the tender offer rules restrictions on purchases apply, we will disclose in a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the applicable shareholder meeting the following: (i) the number of Public Shares purchased outside of the redemption offer, along with the purchase price(s) for such Public Shares; (ii) the purpose of any such purchases; (iii) the impact, if any, of the purchases on the likelihood that the initial business combination will be approved; (iv) the identities of the securityholders who sold to the Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of the securityholders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold such Public Shares; and (v) the number of Public Shares for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Warrants could be to reduce the number of Warrants outstanding or to vote such Warrants on any matters submitted to the Warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Limitation on Redemption Rights Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to excess shares without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force the Company or management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a Public Shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including excess shares) for or against the Company s initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that we will have only until July 22, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination within such period or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time). Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Employees We currently have two officers: Jiong Ma and Michael Lee. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 445 Park Avenue, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10022 or by telephone at (212) 745-1086 . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Status as a Blank Check Company We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, Public Shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our Public Shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units were immediately tradable, and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate. We may not be able to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination by July 22, 2023. Our ability to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein and in other reports that we file with the SEC. If we have not completed the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination within such time period (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law (which foregoing three actions we refer to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as wind up, redeem and liquidate ). Additionally, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by July 22, 2023, our Public Shareholders may be forced to wait until such date before redemption from our Trust Account can occur. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association), the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of Public Shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our Public Shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. In that case, investors may be forced to wait until July 22, 2023 (or until the end of any such extended period of time) before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will Public Shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. Our Public Shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete the our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a Public Shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and liquidate. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued a rule proposal relating to, among other things, circumstances in which special purpose acquisition companies (the SPAC Rule Proposal could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposal would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a special purpose acquisition company satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposal would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company. As indicated above, we completed our IPO in July 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination since such time (which is more than 18 months after the effective date of our IPO). It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of securities in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount the Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The funds in the Trust Account have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of our being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, instruct the trustee with respect to the Trust Account to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and, thereafter, to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation of the securities held in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account. However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash would reduce the dollar amount the Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. The risk of being deemed subject to the Investment Company Act increases the longer the Company holds securities (i.e., the longer past two years the securities are held), and also increases to the extent the funds in the Trust Account are not held in cash. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount the Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent public accounting firm and our legal counsel) and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our Public Shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per Public Share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement signed in connection with the IPO, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, our Sponsor may be unable to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per Public Share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation related to completing an initial business combination. Our Initial Shareholders currently hold an aggregate of 2,000,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor and the Representatives designees purchased an aggregate of 3,400,000 Private Warrants in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. Since our Initial Shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any Public Shares they may have acquired during or after the IPO or may acquire in the future), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether an initial business combination is appropriate for our initial business combination and in our shareholders best interest. This risk may become more acute as July 22, 2023 nears, which is the current deadline for our completion of the initial business combination. If this were the case, it would be a 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. In certain circumstances, including if we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be challenged if it were proved that, immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were insolvent, or otherwise that the distribution was made to defraud creditors. As a result, a creditor or liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims could be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid while we were insolvent would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine and/or for a period of imprisonment in the Cayman Islands. The grant of registration rights to our Initial Shareholders and holders of our Private Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. Our Initial Shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Founder Shares, holders of our Private Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants, and holders of Private Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our Initial Shareholders, holders of our Private Warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Risks Related to Our Initial Business Combination The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 may give Mobix Labs and its shareholders or any other potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating and consummating the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association). Consequently, Mobix Labs and its shareholders or any such other target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination with that any other particular target business, we may be unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including a vote in favor of an initial business combination, regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote. Our Initial Shareholders own shares representing approximately 70.0 of our outstanding ordinary shares, and they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including approval of an initial business combination and amendments to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who are present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company, including the Founder Shares. Our Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their shares in favor of our initial business combination, which significantly increases the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for any initial business combination. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if our Initial Shareholders purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions in the future, this would increase their control. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our Sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment to the board of directors, and our Initial Shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our Initial Shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. Despite our due diligence in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, our due diligence may not have identified all material issues that may be present within Mobix Labs, and it may not be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or factors outside of Mobix Labs and outside of our control may later arise. Our review may not have discovered all relevant considerations for the future performance of the combined business. This risk is heightened by Mobix Labs status as a private company with a short operating history. Subsequent to our completion of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, our results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and may not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. Furthermore, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Thus, our shareholders must rely on the judgment of our board of directors and its determination of fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Additionally, past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. An investment in our securities may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in Mobix Labs. Accordingly, any Public Shareholders or Public Warrant holders who choose to remain Public Shareholders or Public Warrant holders following the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such Public Shareholders or Public Warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials relating to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Mobix Labs is an early-stage company, and its limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate its future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter. Mobix Labs has been focused on developing semiconductor products since its inception in 2020 and expanded its operations to sales of connectivity products in 2021. This limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate Mobix Labs future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter. Risks and challenges Mobix Labs has faced or expects to face include, but are not limited to, its ability to: develop and commercialize its semiconductor products; design and deliver semiconductor products of acceptable performance; increase sales revenue of its connectivity products; forecast its revenue and budget for and manage its expenses; execute its growth strategies including through mergers and acquisitions; raise additional capital on acceptable terms to execute its business plan; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 continue as a going concern; attract new customers, retain existing customers and expand existing commercial relationships; compete successfully in the highly competitive industries in which it operates; plan for and manage capital expenditures for its current and future products, and manage its supply chain and supplier relationships related to its current and future products; comply with existing and new or modified laws and regulations applicable to its business in and outside the United States, including compliance requirements of U.S. customs and export regulations; anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which it operates; maintain and enhance the value of its reputation and brand; effectively manage its growth and business operations, including any continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business; develop and protect intellectual property; maintain and enhance the security of its IT system; hire, integrate and retain talented people at all levels of its organization; successfully defend itself in any legal proceeding that may arise and enforce its rights in any legal proceedings it may initiate; and manage and mitigate the adverse effects on its business of any public health emergencies, natural disasters, widespread travel disruptions, security risks including IT security, data privacy, cyber risks, international conflicts, geopolitical tension and other events beyond its control. 
 If Mobix Labs fails to address the risks and difficulties that it faces, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those that are described in any registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus relating to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction that we file, its business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We intend to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which will include a preliminary prospectus and proxy statement of the Company in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. Before making any voting decision, investors and security holders of the Company are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus, and amendments thereto, and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the Company s solicitation of proxies for its shareholders meeting to be held to approve the transaction, and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction as they become available because they will contain important information about the Company, Mobix Labs and the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. In particular, the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus are expected to contain additional information regarding Mobix Labs and risks relating to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, and you should review these risk factors when they become available. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not constitute a proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any initial business combination. Further, because Mobix Labs has limited historical financial data and operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, any predictions about its future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if Mobix Labs had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. Mobix Labs has encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If Mobix Labs assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which it uses to plan and operate its business, are incorrect or change, or if it does not address these risks successfully, its results of operations could differ materially from its expectations and its business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares on any initial business combination. These provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, like all provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO; may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares and/or Public Warrants. 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of Mobix Labs or another target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or such other initial business combination. The estimated enterprise value of Mobix Labs is greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants and the proceeds of the PIPE Investment alone. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by Public Shareholders, and the PIPE Investment, we will be required to seek additional financing to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, we would be compelled to either restructure the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or abandon the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction business, the payment of principal or interest due on any indebtedness incurred in completing the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, or to fund the purchase of other companies. Similarly, if we do not complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction and are seeking another initial business combination, we could face similar risks relating to financing such transaction or funding the operations and growth of that target business. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction and unable to find another suitable target for our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. In addition, the failure to secure additional financing to fund the operations of the post-transaction business following the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the combined business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination. If we incur any indebtedness, we expect to obtain from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or such other initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach any covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 The provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (or 65 of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the placement of the Private Warrants into the Trust Account and not to release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to Public Shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares. Our Initial Shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 70.0 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination, even if you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO (as such date was further amended to July 22, 2023) or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for redeeming its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption. For example, our Public Shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, must, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve our initial business combination. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy, its shares may not be redeemed. The absence of a specified maximum redemption threshold may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business combination even if a substantial majority of Chavant s Public Shareholders elect to redeem their shares. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction imposes a minimum cash condition. However, as long as we satisfy this minimum cash condition through the PIPE Investment, other financing arrangements and any other available cash, we expect to have net tangible assets of more than 5,000,001, regardless of the level of redemptions by our Public Shareholders. As a result, we may be able to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction even if a substantial majority of our Public Shareholders do not agree with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction and have redeemed their shares. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or such other initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such transaction, all Public Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination or may find it necessary to wind up, redeem and liquidate. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, or otherwise cease to be an emerging growth company, we would be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Even while we remain an emerging growth company, however, compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act is likely to be burdensome and require significant management attention. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls, as is the case with Mobix Labs. We expect the development of the internal controls of Mobix Labs to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to entail significant costs, and the efforts of the combined company to implement such internal controls may not be successful. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. The investigation of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction and each past target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments has required substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. We may fail to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, we expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources are significantly limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an alternative business combination if we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our Public Warrants will expire worthless. CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our initial business combination. CFIUS has authority to review direct or indirect foreign investments in U.S. companies. Among other things, CFIUS is empowered to require certain foreign investors to make mandatory filings, to charge filing fees related to such filings and to self-initiate national security reviews of foreign direct and indirect investments in U.S. companies if the parties to that investment choose not to file voluntarily. In the case that CFIUS determines an investment to be a threat to national security, CFIUS has the power to unwind or place restrictions on the investment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, the nature and structure of the transaction, including the level of beneficial ownership interest and the nature of any information or governance rights involved. For example, investments that result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person always are subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. CFIUS s expanded jurisdiction under the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 and implementing regulations that became effective on February 13, 2020 further includes investments that do not result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person but afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance rights in a U.S. business that has a nexus to critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data. Our Sponsor has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons, and certain of the members of our Board are non-U.S. persons. Although Dr. Ma, our chief executive officer, is a U.S. citizen and, as the sole member of the manager of the Sponsor, has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by the Sponsor, a majority of the funds invested in the Sponsor were provided by non-U.S. persons. Although following the redemption of certain of the Company s outstanding shares that occurred in July 2022 and January 2023 in connection with the first and second extensions by which the Company must complete its initial business combination, the Sponsor held 55.3 of the ordinary shares of the Company as of March 30, 2023, the Company s organizational documents do not grant investors in the Sponsor special information or governance rights with respect to the Company and, in the case of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, Mobix Labs is a U.S. business. However, we cannot predict whether the Company may be deemed to be a foreign person under the regulations relating to CFIUS or may be subject to review by any other U.S. government entity. As such, our initial business combination may be subject to CFIUS review or other regulatory review, depending on the Company s ultimate share ownership following the transaction and other factors. If our initial business combination were to fall within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the transaction. CFIUS may decide to modify or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions with respect to such transaction, request the President of the United States to order us to divest all or a portion of if we were to acquire it without first obtaining CFIUS approval or prohibit the initial business combination entirely. The time necessary for CFIUS review of the initial business combination or a decision to delay or prohibit the initial business combination may also prevent the transaction from occurring within the applicable time period required under the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. These risks may limit the attractiveness of, delay or prevent us from pursuing our initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy, and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period required under the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we will be required to wind up, redeem and liquidate. In such event, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment through an initial business combination. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place, which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, which were underwriters in our IPO, are entitled to receive a marketing fee that will be released from the Trust Account only on a completion of an initial business combination and have agreed to provide certain services to us in connection with a business combination upon our request. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination. At the time of our initial public offering, we entered into a business combination marketing agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, the underwriters in our IPO, under which we agreed to pay a marketing fee equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of our IPO, or 2.8 million, which is conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. Under the business combination marketing agreement, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC agreed to provide certain services to us upon our request in connection with a business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of an initial business combination may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination upon which the fee would be payable. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers may be engaged in other business endeavors for which she or he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 interest in pursuing an initial business combination. The members of our management team have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. However, we cannot predict whether any such potential conflicts could materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Risks Related to Our Incorporation in the Cayman Islands Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may lack standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, Public Shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as Public Shareholders of a United States company. The Financial Action Task Force has increased monitoring of the Cayman Islands, and it is unclear if this monitoring could have negative implications for companies organized in the Cayman Islands, such as the Company. In February 2021, the Cayman Islands was added to the Financial Action Task Force FATF list of jurisdictions whose anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist and proliferation financing practices are under increased monitoring, commonly referred to as the FATF grey list. The FATF was established in July 1989 by a Group of Seven (G-7) Summit and is a task force composed of member governments who agree to fund the FATF on temporary basis with specific goals and projects it is an international policy- making body that sets international anti-money laundering standards and counter-terrorist financing measures. The FATF monitors countries to ensure they implement the FATF Standards fully and effectively, and holds countries to account that do not comply. When the FATF 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 places a jurisdiction under increased monitoring, it means the country has committed to resolve swiftly the identified strategic deficiencies within agreed timeframes and is subject to increased monitoring during that timeframe. In its October 2021 plenary, the FATF positively recognized the ongoing efforts of the Cayman Islands to improve its anti- money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regime. Despite the progress the Cayman Islands is making on satisfying the final outstanding recommendations (being considered as compliant or largely compliant with all of the FATF s 40 recommendations and having completed 62 out of 63 FATF recommendation actions with the Cayman Islands progress toward satisfying the final FATF recommended action scheduled to be assessed at the FATF s February 2023 plenary), it is still unclear how long this designation will remain in place and what ramifications, if any, the designation will have for the Company. The Cayman Islands has also been added to the EU AML High-Risk Third Countries List, and it is unclear if this monitoring could have negative implications for companies organized in the Cayman Islands, such as the Company. On March 13, 2022, the European Commission EC updated its list of high-risk third countries EU AML List identified as having strategic deficiencies in their anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist financing regimes to add nine countries, including the Cayman Islands. The EC has noted it is committed to there being a greater alignment between the EU AML List and the FATF listing process. The addition of the Cayman Islands to the EU AML List is a direct result of the inclusion of the Cayman Islands on the FATF grey list in February 2021. It is unclear how long this designation will remain in place and what ramifications, if any, the designation will have for the Company. Provisions in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and Cayman Islands law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. In addition, in recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue and could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to Tax Matters There is uncertainty regarding the federal income tax consequences of the redemption to the Public Shareholders. There is uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights. The uncertainty of tax consequences relates primarily to the individual circumstances of the taxpayer and includes (i) whether 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 the redemption is treated as a distribution from Chavant, which would be taxable in the same manner that distributions are taxed, or as a sale, which would be taxable as capital gain or loss, and (ii) whether capital gain, if any, is long-term or short-term. Whether the redemption qualifies for sale treatment, resulting in taxation as capital gain or loss, will depend largely on whether the holder owns (or is deemed to own) any Public Shares following the redemption, and if so, the total number of Public Shares held by the holder both before and after the redemption relative to all ordinary shares outstanding both before and after redemption. The redemption generally will be treated as sale, rather than a distribution, if the redemption (i) is substantially disproportionate with respect to the holder, (ii) results in a complete termination of the holder s interest of Chavant or (ii) is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the holder. Due to the personal nature of certain of such tests and the absence of clear guidance from the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), there is uncertainty as to whether a holder who elects to exercise its redemption rights will be taxed on any proceeds from the redemption as a distribution potentially giving rise to dividend income or sale proceeds treated as capital gain. We may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our Public Shares. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new non-deductible U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023, which has been added as new Section 4501 of the Code. In addition, on December 27, 2022, the IRS released Notice 2023-2, which provides interim guidance on the application of Section 4501 of the Code. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally equal to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year (the Netting Rule ). In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. A redemption of Public Shares that occurs in connection with an initial business combination may be subject to the excise tax, particularly to the extent that the Company undertakes a domestication as a company organized under the laws of one of the states of the United States in connection with an initial business combination (as in the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction). Although the Company may not become subject to the excise tax (as we believe to be the case with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, based on current IRS and Treasury guidance) due to the expected fair market value of new equity of the Company that is issued in connection with the PIPE Investment relative to the number of remaining Public Shares that are eligible for redemption in connection with an initial business combination and the prescribed redemption price of such Public Shares due to the application of the Netting Rule, we cannot predict whether the excise tax will apply or how the structure of any initial business combination and related redemptions may be interpreted under applicable IRS and Treasury guidance at the time, which is subject to change. The application of the excise tax could cause a reduction in the cash on hand available to the Company and/or could negatively impact Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or Warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year (and, in the case of the startup exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). However, our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our Warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate or challenges by tax authorities could harm our future results. We are not subject to income taxes in the Cayman Islands, but we may become subject to income taxes in various other jurisdictions in the future. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the allocation of our pre-tax earnings and 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 losses among countries with differing statutory tax rates, in certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions, in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or in federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws and accounting principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents. Increases in our effective tax rate would adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The application of tax laws in such jurisdictions may be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities in these jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. Risks Related to Our Warrants The Warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the ordinary shares, and you do not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the Warrants may become exercisable for a security other than our ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your Warrants for securities pursuant to the agreement governing our Warrants, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Warrant Agreement ), you may receive a security in a company about which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the Warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. You will not be permitted to exercise your Warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the ordinary shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of Warrants will not be entitled to exercise such Warrants, and such Warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the ordinary shares included in the Units. We have not registered the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under any state securities laws. However, under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. We may be unable to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if our ordinary shares, at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant, are not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of Public Warrants who seek to exercise their Public Warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as described in the following risk factor; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the Public Warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the Public Warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 You may only be able to exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Public Warrants for cash. The Warrant Agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; or (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Warrants for redemption. If you exercise your Warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. Even if the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or any other initial business combination is consummated, the Public Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless, and the terms of the Warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our Warrants were issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. A provision of our Warrant Agreement could cause the downward adjustment of the exercise price for the Warrants in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another initial business combination, which could lead to further dilution for holders of ordinary shares. If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the market value of our ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price, respectively. In addition, under the PIPE Subscription Agreement entered into in connection with the PIPE Investment for the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, we agreed to issue additional ordinary shares to the PIPE Investor in the event that the volume weighted average price per share of the ordinary shares during the 30-day period commencing on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the resale registration statement that registers the ordinary shares delivered to the PIPE Investor is declared effective is less than 10.00 per share. This feature of the PIPE Subscription Agreement makes it more likely that the exercise price of the Warrants would be adjusted under the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph. If the exercise price of the Warrants is adjusted downward, it may be more likely that the Warrants will be exercised. Any exercise of the Warrants would lead to further dilution to holders of ordinary shares. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met on the date we give notice of redemption. We will not redeem the Warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from warrant registration under the Securities Act. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. None of the Private Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Because each Unit contains three-quarters of one Public Warrant and only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other SPACs. Each Unit contains three-quarters of one Public Warrant. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, no fractional Public Warrants were issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Units trade. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of ordinary shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. This is different from other SPACs whose units include one common share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the Public Warrants upon completion of our initial business combination since the Public Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three-quarters of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a Warrant to purchase one whole share. Our Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which could limit the ability of Warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We have waived any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a Warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Our Private Warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and, upon issuance, were recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. As of the date hereof, there are 9,400,000 Warrants outstanding (comprised of the 6,000,000 Public Warrants included in the Units sold in our IPO and the 3,400,000 Private Warrants). We account for these Private Warrants as a warrant liability and recorded the Private Warrants at fair value at the time of their issuance. Any changes in fair value each quarterly fiscal period are reported in earnings. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. General Risk Factors We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. These material weaknesses, and any additional material weaknesses that may be identified in the future, could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation of those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 related to the lack of sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of internal control and accounting knowledge, training and experience commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. This material weakness contributed to additional material weaknesses in our financial reporting processes as management did not design and maintain effective controls over: (1) the calculation of earnings per share and classification of the reinvestment of interest and dividend income in the Trust Account in the statement of cash flows; (2) complex accounting, specifically the accounting for the PIPE; and (3) the review of third-party valuations. 
 As described in Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Our management plans to remediate these material weaknesses by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and by increasing communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. However, the elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and these initiatives may not ultimately have the intended effects. In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analyses as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. As a result of these material weaknesses, and any additional material weaknesses that we may identify in the future, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner, and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short-form registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our ordinary shares. The measures we have taken and plan to take in the future may not remediate these material weaknesses, and additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results could arise in the future, due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance and may adversely affect our business, including our ability to complete our initial business combination, and our results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to complete an initial business combination, and our results of operations. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Units, ordinary shares and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount of shareholders equity (generally 2.5 million) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We may be unable to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our ordinary shares are a penny stock, which would require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, ordinary shares and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, ordinary shares and Warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq i.e. , one year after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022). There is no requirement under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, Public Shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our ordinary shares, our Public Shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. None of our officers and directors is required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including monitoring due diligence related to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. In addition, should the management of any target business, including Mobix Labs, not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to our business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Certain agreements with our Sponsor, officers, directors and other Initial Shareholders may be amended without shareholder approval. Certain agreements with our Sponsor, officers, directors and other Initial Shareholders, such as the letter agreement among us and our Initial Shareholders, the registration rights agreement among us and our Initial Shareholders and the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between us and our Sponsor, contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our Founder Shares and Private Warrants, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. These agreements contain various provisions that our Public Shareholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement contains certain lock-up provisions with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Warrants and other securities held by our Initial Shareholders. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any material amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our SEC filings. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination even if it may not otherwise have been possible and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our Initial Shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. Investors may find our securities less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to take advantage of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has elected to use the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Provisions in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber incidents or cyberattacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of our third-party service providers. Third parties could attempt to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt our information technology IT systems or information, and such attacks are becoming increasingly more sophisticated. These attacks, which might be related to industrial, corporate or other espionage, criminal hackers or state-sponsored intrusions, may include malware, disrupted denial of service attacks, ransomware attacks and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions to our IT systems, data or operations, or the unauthorized or unintended access to or disclosure of our confidential information, including, without limitation, personal information and information regarding our business activities. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities in our digital technologies, or any cyber incidents or cyberattacks affecting our digital technologies or the digital technologies of our third-party service providers, including those described above. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Our executive offices are located at 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Market Information Our Units, ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols CLAYU, CLAY and CLAYW, respectively. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and three-fourths of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a Public Warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of the Company s ordinary shares. (b) Holders As of March 30, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Units, 20 holders of record of our ordinary shares, and 14 holders of record of our Public Warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose Units, ordinary shares and Public Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay any cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will depend upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. In addition, our board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph The performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Warrants to our Sponsor and our Initial Shareholders as described herein were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Use of Proceeds On July 19, 2021, our registration statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-257459) was declared effective by the SEC for the IPO pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 8,000,000 Units at an offering price to the public of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate offering price of 80,000,000, with each Unit consisting of one ordinary share and three-fourths of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share. Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (the Representatives acted as the representatives for the underwriters (the Underwriters ). The IPO did not terminate before all of the securities registered in our registration statement were sold. The IPO was consummated on July 22, 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We incurred offering costs of approximately 2.1 million (including 1.6 million in underwriting discounts and commissions). No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates, except for the amounts that we pay, and have paid after the consummation of the IPO, to New Highland, LLC, of which our chief financial officer is the managing member, for consulting services, as described in Item 11. Executive Compensation . There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus dated July 19, 2021 that was filed with the SEC. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred offering costs, a total of 80,000,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the IPO (the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to a specified date (which was initially that date that is 12 months from the closing of the IPO but was amended to July 22, 2023 in connection with the extension described below), subject to applicable law. We have obtained shareholder approval to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination July 22, 2023, and funds were released from the Trust Account to redeem certain Public Shares in connection therewith and in connection with an earlier extension. On July 14, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from July 22, 2022 (which was 12 months from the closing of the IPO) to January 22, 2023 by amending our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Certain of our shareholders holding 7,046,967 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 70,573,278 (approximately 10.01 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the extension, we agreed to deposit 31,450 (at a rate of 0.033 per non- redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by Chavant to complete a business combination by January 22, 2023. On January 6, 2023, we held a second extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from January 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 by amending our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Certain of our shareholders holding 96,991 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 1,004,600 (approximately 10.36 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the extension, we agreed to deposit 42,802 (at a rate of 0.05 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by Chavant to complete a business combination by July 22, 2023. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our Public Shareholders. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. ITEM 6. RESERVED. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 19, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On July 22, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 8,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and three-fourths of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of 80,000,000. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, on April 7, 2021, the Company issued 2,875,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ), for which the Sponsor paid 25,000. On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 422,581 of such Founder Shares to the underwriters for a purchase price of 3,675. On July 19, 2021, the Company reduced the offering size of the IPO and 575,000 Founder Shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in 2,300,000 Founder Shares outstanding. On September 5, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of an additional 300,000 Founder Shares. As a result, a total of 2,000,000 Founder Shares remain outstanding. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the Representative Designees Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the Representative Designees, the Company completed the private sale of 3,400,000 warrants (the Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Sponsor and the Representative Designees at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,400,000 (the Private Placement ). The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included as part of the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts and commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred offering costs, a total of 80,000,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the IPO (the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if it does not complete its initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time), subject to applicable law. We have obtained shareholder approval to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from July 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, and funds were released from the Trust Account to redeem certain Public Shares in connection therewith and in connection with an earlier extension. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our Public Shareholders. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 After the payment of underwriting discounts and commissions and 458,249 in expenses relating to the IPO, 1,693,616 of the net proceeds of the IPO and Private Placement was not deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. In connection with the extensions of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination approved by our shareholders on July 14, 2022 and January 6, 2023, amounts were withdrawn from the Trust Account to redeem ordinary shares of our shareholders who exercised their right to redeem them, as described in Liquidity and Capital Resources below. The remaining net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account are on deposit in the Trust Account earning interest. As of December 31, 2022, there was 9,835,409 in investments and cash held in the Trust Account and 175,788 of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, no funds had been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s income taxes. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction (as defined below) or any other initial business combination will be successful. Recent Developments Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction On November 15, 2022, the Company and Mobix Labs, Inc. Mobix Labs entered into a business combination agreement, by and among the Company, Mobix Labs and CLAY Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Mobix Labs, with Mobix Labs surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction ). Upon closing of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, the combined company will be named Mobix Labs, Inc., and its common stock and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq. The Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction includes a subscription agreement with the PIPE Investor in respect of a private placement of 3,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate amount of 30,000,000, subject to, among other things, the approval of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction by the Company s shareholders and the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the business combination agreement, including a Form S-4 registration statement being declared effective by the SEC. Second Extension On January 6, 2023, the Company held a second extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from January 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Certain of our shareholders holding 96,991 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 1,004,600 (approximately 10.36 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the extension, we agreed to deposit 42,802 (at a rate of 0.05 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by the Company to complete a business combination by July 22, 2023. Following the redemptions of the Public Shares described above, the 2,000,000 Founder Shares that remain outstanding represented 70 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Nasdaq Notice of Non-Compliance With a Continued Listing Rule On March 23, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS for the Company s ordinary shares was below the 35 million minimum MVLS requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the Company will have 180 calendar days i.e. , until September 19, 2023) to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. To regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, the MVLS for the Company s ordinary shares must be at least 35 million for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time during this 180-day period. If the Company does not regain compliance with the rule by September 19, 2023, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC will provide notice that the Company s ordinary shares will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. In the event of such notification, the Nasdaq rules permit the Company an opportunity to appeal The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s determination. The Company is monitoring the MVLS of its ordinary shares and will consider options available to it to potentially achieve compliance. The Company s securities are expected to continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market during the 180-day period. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, and, subsequent to the IPO, the process of evaluating and pursuing an initial business combination. We have evaluated over 80 potential acquisition targets, including targets that were identified by our management, advisory partners and representatives. Over the course of such evaluations, we entered into 34 non-disclosure agreements and submitted eight non-binding indications of interest or letters of intent in connection with certain of these acquisition opportunities, including with Mobix Labs. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, an initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of approximately 776,000, which was driven by operating costs of approximately 1,260,000 and a loss of approximately 1,109,000 from the initial recognition of the PIPE Derivative Liability (as defined in Note 6 of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and as described further in Critical Accounting Estimates Derivative Financial Instruments ), partially offset by income of approximately 43,000 from the change in fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability (see Note 6 of the financial statements), approximately 1,332,000 from the adjustment of the fair value of the Private Warrant liability and approximately 217,000 of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. From March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 361,000, which consists of income of approximately 1,121,000 derived from the adjustment of the fair value of the Private Warrant liability and interest earned on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of approximately 3,000, partially offset by operating costs of approximately 763,000. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, (1) on January 6, 2023, we obtained shareholder approval of the Second Extension. In connection with the Second Extension, Public Shareholders holding 96,991 Public Shares elected to exercise their right to redeem such shares and 1,004,600 was paid out of the Trust Account in connection with the redemptions; and (2) we have drawn down additional Working Capital Loans of 600,000 in fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 and January 2023. As of March 30, 2023, the Company had drawn down 962,000 under the Working Capital Loans. The Chairman of the board of directors of the Company or an entity affiliated with him and another existing investor in the Sponsor and/or persons affiliated with such investor provided the funds to the Sponsor for the foregoing Working Capital Loans. As of March 30, 2023, there were 856,042 remaining Public Shares, and the Trust Account had a total balance of 9,090,881. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, there were 9,835,409 in investments and cash held in the Trust Account, 175,788 of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes and a working capital deficiency of 844,469. As of December 31, 2022, no funds had been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s income taxes. As of December 31, 2021, there was 80,002,777 in investments and cash held in the Trust Account and 240,706 of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2021, no funds had been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s income taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, which interest will be net of taxes payable, to complete our business combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. The Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. The Company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the initial business combination as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the Company has borrowed amounts under the Working Capital Loans described below to fund its working capital requirements and may continue to do so. The Company s plans to consummate an initial business combination may not be successful or may not be successful before the required deadline. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through the 25,000 capital contribution to purchase Founder Shares by our Sponsor, the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account and loans from our Sponsor. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Transaction, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans, as defined and described below. Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source of liquidity was our Sponsor s purchase of Founder Shares and loans from our Sponsor. On July 22, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 8,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 80,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 3,400,000 Private Warrants to the Sponsor and the underwriters at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant generating gross proceeds of 3,400,000. After the payment of underwriting discounts and commissions and 458,249 in expenses relating to the IPO, 1,693,616 of the net proceeds of the IPO and Private Placement was not deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit in the Trust Account earning interest. On July 14, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from July 22, 2022 to January 22, 2023 by amending the Company s Existing Charter (the First Extension Amendment ). The First Extension Amendment became effective upon approval of the Company s shareholders. In connection with the First Extension Amendment, shareholders holding 7,046,967 ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 70,573,278 was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. As a result of redemption payments and above-mentioned extensions, the Company deposited 31,450 (at a rate of 0.033 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by the Company to complete a business combination by January 22, 2023. At another extraordinary general meeting on January 6, 2023, our shareholders were asked to approve a further extension of the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from January 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023. The proposal was approved, and certain of our shareholders holding 96,991 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, 1,004,600 (approximately 10.36 per share) was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the Second Extension, we agreed to deposit 42,802 (at a rate of 0.05 per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by the Company to complete a business combination by July 22, 2023. As of March 30, 2023, the Company had deposited an aggregate of 317,107 in the Trust Account in connection with the First Extension Amendment and the Second Extension, and the Trust Account had a total balance of 9,090,881. Working Capital Loans In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. On June 20, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 360,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 360,000 to the Sponsor. On July 18, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 490,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 490,000 to the Sponsor. On January 6, 2023, the Sponsor provided the Company with a 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Working Capital Loan of 300,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000 to the Sponsor. Any Working Capital Loans under the promissory notes issued on June 20, 2022 and July 18, 2022 are due on the earlier of five business days after the Company s initial business combination and December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn down 662,000 under the Working Capital Loans. Most recently on January 6, 2023, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 300,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000 to the Sponsor. The Working Capital Loan under this promissory note is due on the earlier of five business days after the Company s initial business combination and July 31, 2024. As of March 30, 2023, the Company had drawn down 962,000 under the Working Capital Loans, with the ability to draw down an additional 188,000 under those promissory notes. Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, other than as described above under Working Capital Loans . In addition, pursuant to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement among the Company, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, a marketing fee equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Chavant IPO will become payable to Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC only if the Company consummates a business combination. If a business combination does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurances that the Company will complete a business combination. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: Derivative Financial Instruments We account for derivative instruments as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the derivative instruments specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the derivative instruments are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the derivative instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the derivative instruments are indexed to our own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance and/or as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the financial instruments are outstanding. The PIPE Subscription Agreement contains embedded Make-Whole Features (as defined in Note 6 of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The PIPE Subscription Agreement, as a freestanding financial instrument, does not meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480 but is classified as a liability upon the application of ASC 815-40. As a result, the Company is required to measure the fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability at the time the Company entered into the PIPE Subscription Agreement and at the end of each reporting period and is required to recognize the change in fair value in the Company s operating results for the current period. In order to capture the market conditions associated with the PIPE Derivative Liability, the Company used Level 3 inputs and applied an approach that incorporated a Monte Carlo simulation methodology, which involved future stock-price paths for the Adjustment Period VWAP (as defined in Note 6). Based on assumptions regarding probability of the closing of Business Combination and the terms for Make-Whole Features, the fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability was determined based on the estimated Adjustment Period VWAP within each simulated path and by taking the average of the estimated Adjustment Period VWAP. The key assumptions in the Monte Carlo model utilized are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. Please refer to Note 8 of the financial statements for key inputs used in the Monte Carlo model. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. JOBS Act The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, the JOBS Act permits us to rely on other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, namely our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described below. A material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management plans to remediate the material weaknesses by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and by increasing communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and these initiatives may not ultimately have the intended effects. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria specified in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we did not design and maintain an effective control environment to prevent or detect material misstatements to the financial statements due to a lack of sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of internal control and accounting knowledge, training and experience commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. This material weakness contributed to additional material weaknesses in our financial reporting processes as management did not design and maintain effective controls over: 1. the calculation of earnings per share and classification of the reinvestment of interest and dividend income in the Trust Account in the statement of cash flows; 2. complex accounting, specifically the accounting for the PIPE; and 3. the review of third-party valuations. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As an emerging growth company, management s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than the material weaknesses described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Jiong Ma 59 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Andr -Jacques Auberton-Herv 62 Chairman of the Board of Directors Michael Lee 47 Chief Financial Officer Karen Kerr 54 Director Bernhard Stapp 67 Director Patrick J. Ennis 59 Director Dr. Jiong Ma has been our Chief Executive Officer and President since March 2021. Since November 2020, Dr. Ma has been a Venture Partner at Braemar Energy Ventures Braemar ), an energy- focused venture capital firm. From 2008 to October 2020, Dr. Ma served as Senior Partner and a member of the investment committee at Braemar. While at Braemar, Dr. Ma has led investments in more than 15 companies involved in either resource efficiency, e-mobility, industrial digitalization, renewable energy, or deep tech, and has achieved multiple successful exits through M A and IPO. Dr. Ma currently serves on the board of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (Nasdaq: AVXL), SES AI Corporation (NYSE: SES), and LinKinVax, a biotech company and a spin-off from the Vaccine Research Institute in France. She is an advisory board member of National Renewable Energy Labs, a national laboratory of the U.S. Department of Energy which develops solutions to transform the generation, consumption, storage, and distribution of energy. From 2004 to 2008, Dr. Ma was an investment professional with the venture capital arm of 3i, a global private equity firm, where she led investments across multiple stages in technology and media, digital health, and cleantech. From 1997 to 2004, Dr. Ma held numerous senior positions at Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks, where she was responsible for portfolio strategy, product development and research and development. In 2000, Dr. Ma co-founded Onetta Inc., an optical networking company, which was acquired by Bookham Technology in 2004. Dr. Ma holds a PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Colorado at Boulder, an MS in Electrical Engineering from Worchester Polytechnic Institute, and a BS in Physics and Electrical Engineering from Lanzhou University in China. Dr. Ma is also a Kauffman Fellow. Dr. Andr -Jacques Auberton-Herv has served as the Chairman of our board of directors since July 2021. Dr. Auberton-Herv serves as Chairman Emeritus of Soitec, a leader in Silicon-On-Insulator (SOI) technologies with a market capitalization of over 6 billion and a constituent company in the CAC Mid 60 Index, which he co-founded in 1992 out of a government laboratory and took public in Paris on the Euronext Stock Exchange in 1999. Serving for 23 years as Soitec s President and Chief Executive Officer from July 1992 to January 2015, Dr. Auberton-Herv was responsible for overseeing the company s strategic, operational and financial activities that spanned across ten countries with five manufacturing facilities in Europe, Asia and the U.S. Dr. Auberton-Herve is the founder of 4A Consulting Engineering, which provides strategic advice and consulting services with respect to renewable energy and digital innovation, and has served as its President and CEO since its founding in July 2015. Dr. Auberton-Herv is co-founder of LinKinVax, a biotech company and a spin-off of the Vaccine Research Institute in France, and has served as President and CEO since its founding in November 2020. In 2016, he became an operating partner of C4 Ventures, a European venture capital fund founded by Pascal Cagni (VP GM EMEIA, Apple Inc., 2000-2012). In February 2018, he founded ATAJ, a company that he manages and that operates as advisor to Sofinnova Partners, a French venture capital fund, and its Sofinnova IT FPCI fund. Since January 2018, Dr. Auberton-Herv has served as Chairman of the board of Bionik Laboratories Corp. In 2013, Dr. Auberton-Herv was elected as Chairman of International Board of Directors of SEMI, the preeminent global industry association representing the electronics manufacturing industries. Dr. Auberton-Herv is a recipient of numerous industry accolades, including the Audacity in Creativity Award from French President Jacques Chirac and the INSEAD Entrepreneurship Prize. Dr. Auberton-Herv holds a doctorate degree with distinction in Physics from Ecole Centrale de Lyon. He is also a knight of the French Legion d Honneur and the Ordre national du M rite . Michael Lee has been our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Mr. Lee has over 22 years of experience in private equity and finance. He is currently the managing member of New Highland LLC, a finance consultancy for start-ups which he joined in 2013. Previously, from 2001 to 2013, Mr. Lee was a Director at Lincolnshire Management, a private equity firm, where he managed acquisitions and corporate divestitures and served in officer and board member roles of portfolio companies. Mr. Lee started his career at the merchant banking division of Wachovia Bank. He received a BA in Economics, magna cum laude , from Princeton University. Dr. Patrick Ennis has served as a director of the Company since July 2021. Dr. Patrick Ennis has over 30 years of experience as a scientist, engineer, businessman and venture capitalist. Since April 2019, Dr. Ennis has been a Venture Partner at Madrona Venture 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Group, a venture capital and private equity group focused on early-stage technology companies. Since April 2016, Dr. Ennis has served as a Director at Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT), a global information technology, consulting and business process services company. From 2008 to March 2019, Dr. Ennis served as Global Head of Technology at Intellectual Ventures, a private equity firm specializing in invention, where he had responsibility for incubation, seed investments and technology commercialization, along with primary responsibility for investments in Asia. In January 2016, Dr. Ennis was the co-founding CTO of Xinova, a pioneer in global innovation market networks, and served as its CTO from inception to March 2019. From June 1998 to March 2008, Dr. Ennis was a Managing Director of ARCH Venture Partners, an early-stage venture firm, where he led seed and early-stage investments. He led the firm s investments in Impinj (Nasdaq: PI) and Innovalight (acquired by DuPont). During his career, he has served on the boards of more than 20 venture-backed companies including Impinj, Innovalight, Kotura (acquired by Mellanox) and Artificial Muscle (acquired by Bayer Material Science). Prior to joining ARCH Venture Partners, Dr. Ennis held positions with Lucent Technologies, AT T, and Bell Labs, where he led engineering projects for software development, speech recognition, network design and operations. Prior to Bell Labs, Dr. Ennis conducted research in Nuclear Physics at national and government laboratories in North America and Europe for seven years. Dr. Ennis is currently a Fellow at the Potomac Institute, a member of the University of Helsinki s Commercialization Advisory Board, a member of the advisory board of Cybereason, a private global cybersecurity company, and an advisor to various companies in the defense industry. Dr. Ennis earned a Ph.D. and MS in Physics from Yale, an MBA from Wharton, and a BS in Math and Physics from the College of William Mary where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Dr. Ennis is a Kaufman Fellow. Dr. Karen Kerr has served as a director of the Company since July 2021. Dr. Kerr has over 25 years of experience in venture capital and technology investing. In May 2019, Dr. Kerr founded Exposition Ventures, a venture capital firm where she also serves as Managing Director. From April 2014 to April 2019, Dr. Kerr served as Executive Managing Director at GE Ventures, where she led investments in advanced manufacturing, supply chain technology, logistics, and enterprise software. Between 1996 and 2005, Dr. Kerr was a Managing Director at ARCH Venture Partners, where she helped grow assets under management to over 1 billion. Dr. Kerr has served as a director at Intellectual Ventures, and Senior Director of New Ventures and Alliances at the University of Southern California. Dr. Kerr started her career at Patricof Co. and is a member of the Charter Class of Kauffman Fellows. Dr. Kerr is active on multiple boards, including the Kauffman Fellows, mHub, ORAU, the Clean Energy Trust and the Bryn Mawr College Board of Trustees. Dr. Kerr serves on the University of Chicago Physical Sciences Division and the Institute of Molecular Engineering Advisory Committees. Previously, Dr. Kerr served on the National Science Foundation s Advisory Committee for the Small Business Innovative Research Program and on the National Institute for Standards and Technologies Visiting Committee on Advanced Technologies. Dr. Kerr earned a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Chicago and an A.B. in Chemistry from Bryn Mawr College. Dr. Kerr has been recognized as a Corporate Venture Capital Rising Star, a Crain s Chicago Business Tech 50, one of LA s Top Innovators, Crain s Chicago Business 40 Under 40, and C200 Women Business Leaders. Dr. Bernhard Stapp has served as a director of the Company since July 2021. Dr. Bernhard Stapp has served as President of CS-management GmbH, which provides consulting and advisory services to companies and investment firms with a focus on LED, OLED, photonics, cleantech and electronics materials, since November 2011. Between 2009 and 2011, Dr. Stapp served as Senior Vice President of Solid-State Lighting at OSRAM Licht AG, a global leader in optics and LED technology. Between 2001 and 2009, Dr. Stapp served in numerous roles at OSRAM Opto Semiconductors AG, including Chief Technology Officer and General Manager for LED and OLED components. Dr. Stapp began his career at Siemens AG where his roles included Head of Materials and Manufacturing, Group Leader of Functional Thin Films, and roles as Senior Scientist within the optical fiber, UV and ultrasound divisions. Dr. Stapp earned a Ph.D. in Metal Organics and a BS in Chemistry from the University Ulm in Germany. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq rules, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Without giving effect to modifications to the composition of our board of directions in connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, (i) the term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Dr. Ennis and Dr. Stapp, will expire at our first annual general meeting, (ii) the term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Dr. Auberton-Herv and Dr. Kerr, will expire at the second annual general meeting; and (iii) the term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dr. Ma, will expire at the third annual general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Director Independence Nasdaq s listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. Our board of directors has determined that Dr. Kerr, Dr. Ennis and Dr. Stapp are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Dr. Kerr, Dr. Ennis and Dr. Stapp serve as members of our audit committee. Under Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain exceptions. Dr. Kerr, Dr. Ennis and Dr. Stapp are independent. Dr. Kerr serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Dr. Kerr qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the IPO; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Dr. Kerr and Dr. Ennis, and Dr. Ennis serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(2), a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Dr. Kerr, Dr. Stapp and Dr. Ennis. In accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(1)(A), all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual general meeting of the Company (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting of the Company). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Code of Ethics We have adopted a written Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics and our audit committee and compensation committee charters are posted on our website at https://chavantcapital.com/investor-relations/. We intend to promptly disclose, in accordance with applicable rules, any required disclosure of changes to or waivers, if any, of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us, except that we pay and have paid New Highland, LLC, of which our Chief Financial Officer is the managing member, for consulting services and the preparation of our financial statements for the period commencing March 1, 2021 until the consummation of our initial business combination as follows: (i) 10,000 for the preparation of the financial statements included in the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO; (ii) 5,000 for the preparation of the financial statements filed in our Current Report on Form 8-K following the completion of the IPO; (iii) 5,000 for the preparation of financial statements for each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; and (iv) 10,000 for the preparation of financial statements for each of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. In addition, Dr. Ma is expected to serve on the board of directors of the combined company if the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction is completed, and she may receive compensation in that capacity. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees or other compensation that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 30, 2023, by: each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary share of, on an as-converted basis; each of our named executive officers and directors; and all of our officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 2,856,042 ordinary shares outstanding at March 30, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Percentage Number of of Shares Outstanding Beneficially Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned (2) Shares Chavant Capital Partners LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 1,580,813 55.3 Jiong Ma (3) 1,580,813 55.3 Andr -Jacques Auberton-Herv 27,826 Michael Lee 24,348 Karen Kerr 24,348 Bernhard Stapp 24,348 Patrick J. Ennis 24,348 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (4) 320,000 11.2 All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (six individuals) 1,706,031 59.7 

 Less than one percent (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022. (2) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares. (3) Chavant Capital Partners LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Jiong Ma is the sole member of Chavant Manager LLC, the manager of the Sponsor, and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by the Sponsor. Dr. Ma disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Sponsor, except to the extent of her pecuniary interest therein. (4) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023, on behalf of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., the aforementioned entity has beneficial ownership of the securities reported above and the business address of such entity is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On April 7, 2021, the Company issued 2,875,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ), for which the Sponsor paid 25,000. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 375,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 422,581 of such Founder Shares to the underwriters for a purchase price of 3,675. On July 19, 2021, the Company reduced the offering size of the IPO and 575,000 Founder Shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in 2,300,000 Founder Shares outstanding. On September 5, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of an additional 300,000 Founder Shares. As a result, a total of 2,000,000 Founder Shares remain outstanding, which represent 70.0 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares (after giving effect to the redemptions in July 2022 and January 2023 in connection with the two special meetings related to approval of extensions to complete the Company s initial business combination). All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated. In connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, a new amended and restated registration rights and lock up agreement is expected to supersede the foregoing arrangements. The Company s Initial Shareholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of the initial business combination or (ii) the date following the completion of the initial business combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial business combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup. Private Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Sponsor Private Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the Representative Designees Private Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the Representative Designees, the Company completed the private sale of 3,400,000 warrants (the Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Sponsor and the Representative Designees at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,400,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included as part of the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts and commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If the Company does not complete a business combination, then the proceeds will be part of the liquidating distribution to the Public Shareholders and the Private Warrants will expire worthless. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares and Private Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated July 19, 2021. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion the Company s initial business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. In connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, a new amended and restated registration rights and lock-up agreement is expected to supersede the foregoing arrangements. Administrative Services The Company pays the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, and secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Notes In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. On April 7, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 200,000 to cover formation and operating expenses related to the IPO. The outstanding balance of 129,602 as of June 30, 2021 was repaid on July 22, 2021. On June 20, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 360,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 360,000 to the Sponsor. On July 18, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 490,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 490,000 to the Sponsor. On January 6, 2023, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of 300,000, and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000 to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn down 662,000 under the Working Capital Loans. The Chairman of the board of directors of the Company or an entity affiliated with him and another existing investor in the Sponsor and/or persons affiliated with such investor provided the funds to the Sponsor for the foregoing Working Capital Loans. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid to BDO USA, LLP BDO for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 119,000 and 101,000, respectively. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay BDO any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay BDO any tax fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay BDO any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by BDO, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company below. (2) Financial Statement Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ; New York, New York; PCAOB ID# F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit and Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying financial statements has been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BDO USA, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. New York, New York March 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Investment held in trust account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accrued expenses Promissory note - due to sponsor Total Current Liabilities Warrant liability PIPE Derivative Liability Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; and shares subject to possible redemption at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit: Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (1) ordinary shares were surrendered to the Company during year 2021 for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in ordinary shares outstanding. All share amounts and related information have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender (see Note 7) . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

From March 19, 2021 Year ended (inception) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 General and administrative expense Administrative expense-related party Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account Day one loss in PIPE Derivative Liability ) Gain from change in fair value of PIPE Derivative Liability Total other income (Loss) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net (Loss) Income ) Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding of ordinary shares subject to redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share subject to redemption Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding of non-redeemable ordinary shares (1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per non-redeemable ordinary share 

 (1) ordinary shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in ordinary shares outstanding. All share amounts and related information have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender (see Note 7) . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT AND ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) Ordinary Shares subject Additional Total to possible redemption Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance March 19, 2021 (inception) Issuance of ordinary shares Issuance of Public Shares and Public Warrants in initial public offering Offering costs allocation ) ) ) Cash proceeds received in excess of fair value for Private Placement Warrants Accretion to ordinary shares subject to redemption (Deemed dividend) ) ) ) Forfeiture of Founder Shares in connection with the expiration of overallotment option ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Redemption of ordinary shares ) ) Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

From March 19, 2021 (inception) Year ended through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account ) Day one loss in PIPE Derivative Liability Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of PIPE Derivative Liability ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investment Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption Reinvest interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account ) Investment of cash in Trust Account ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor Proceeds from sale of Units in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts paid Redemption of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds from promissory note - due to sponsor Repayment of promissory note - due to sponsor ) Payment of offering costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning of period Cash - End of period Non-Cash investing and financing activities: Accretion to ordinary shares subject to redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and its Initial Public Offering IPO which is described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. On November 15, 2022, the Company and Mobix Labs, Inc. Mobix Labs entered into a business combination agreement, by and among the Company, Mobix Labs and CLAY Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Mobix Labs, with Mobix Labs surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction ). The Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction may be terminated by the Company and/or Mobix Labs under certain circumstances at any time prior to the closing as further described in Note 6 - Commitments and Contingencies. If the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction occurs, the combined company will be named Mobix Labs, Inc., and its common stock and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq. In connection with the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the PIPE Subscription Agreement with an investor (the PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which the PIPE Investor agreed to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at per share for an aggregate amount of (the PIPE ), subject to, among other things, the approval of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction by the Company s shareholders and the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the business combination agreement, including a Form S-4 registration statement being declared effective by the SEC. See Note 6 for further discussion of the accounting for the PIPE, including the embedded Make-Whole Features, as defined and described in such note. Financing The Company s Sponsor is Chavant Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement pursuant to which the Company registered its securities offered in the IPO was declared effective on July 19, 2021.On April 7, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for a purchase price of , or approximately per share. On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of of such Founder Shares to the underwriters for a purchase price of . On July 22, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of Units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of and incurring offering costs of . The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 5, 2021, the over-allotment expired unexercised and an aggregate of Founder Shares was forfeited, resulting in Founder Shares remaining outstanding (See Note 7). Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of warrants (each, a Private Warrant and collectively, the Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants at an average price of per Private Warrant to the Sponsor and the underwriters, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement ). 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds may be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (as amended, the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. On July 14, 2022, the Company held an Extraordinary General Meeting (the Meeting of shareholders and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from July 22, 2022 to January 22, 2023 (the Extended Date by amending the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (such amendment, the First Extension Amendment ). The First Extension Amendment became effective upon approval of the Company s shareholders. In connection with the First Extension Amendment, shareholders holding ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, was deducted from the Trust Account to pay such holders. As a result of redemption payments and above-mentioned extensions, the Company deposited (at a rate of per non-redeeming Public Share) for each subsequent monthly period needed by the Company to complete a Business Combination by the Extended Date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company deposited an aggregate of in the Trust Account which were funded by the promissory notes issued to the Sponsor. On January 6, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders and obtained shareholder approval of the extension of the Business Combination period to July 22, 2023 Second Extension ). In connection with the meeting, Public Shareholders holding Public Shares elected to exercise their right to redeem such shares and was paid out of the Trust Account in connection with the redemptions. In connection with the approval of the extension amendment, the Company made an initial deposit into the Trust Account of (at a rate of per non-redeeming Public Share per month) and will continue to deposit for each subsequent monthly period, or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete a Business Combination by July 22, 2023. As of March 30, 2023, the Company had deposited an aggregate of in the Trust Account in connection with the First Extension Amendment and the Second Extension, and the Trust Account had a total balance of approximately . The funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any of Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial Business Combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (iii) the redemption of the Public Shares if we are unable to complete the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction or another or any other initial Business Combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our Public Shareholders. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940. The Company will provide holders (the Public Shareholders of its ordinary shares sold in the IPO (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). These Public Shares were classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, whether they participate in or abstain from voting, or whether they were a shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors (the Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of a Business Combination. The Company has adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company has entered into a letter agreement with its Initial Shareholders, pursuant to which the Initial Shareholders have agreed to not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. Liquidation On July 14, 2022, the Company obtained shareholder approval to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from July 22, 2022 to January 22, 2023. On January 6, 2023, the Company obtained shareholder approval to further extend the date to July 22, 2023. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Company s Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Company s Initial Shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, except the independent registered public accounting firm, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going Concern The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through the proceeds of from the sale of Founder Shares (Note 7). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account and the proceeds of the loans described below. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn down under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). The Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account in the amount of as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the initial Business Combination as discussed above. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 and in investments held in the Trust Account, respectively. At the Meeting on July 14, 2022, shareholders holding ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account and was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. At the meeting on January 6, 2023, shareholders holding ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account and (approximately per ordinary share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. . The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented, at redemption value, as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. On July 22, 2021, the Company recorded an accretion of , of which was recorded in additional paid-in capital and was recorded in accumulated deficit. In connection with the extension of the Business Combination period on July 14, 2022, Public Shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of Public Shares. As a result, was paid out of the Trust Account in connection with the redemptions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an accretion of (extension funds deposited into the Trust Account) and (interest income over and was recorded in accumulated deficit. unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was for the period presented. While the Company is not expected to be subject to United States taxation (other than as a result of a Business Combination involving a U.S. target), the Company may become subject to United States taxation if it were or deemed to be engaged in a United States trade or business. Any interest payable in respect of U.S. debt obligations (if any) 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and Private Warrants, and (2) the PIPE in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of such Warrants and PIPE are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such Warrants and PIPE would be anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of net income (loss) per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of net income (loss) per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and Founder Shares. For the year ended, December 31, 2022, earnings and losses are adjusted for the effects of accretion to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and are allocated pro rata, reflective of the respective participation rights, between the two classes of ordinary shares. The net income (loss) per share presented in the statements of operations is based on the following: Net income from IPO date to year-end (total loss from inception to 12/31/2021) less the loss from inception to IPO) Net income (loss) ) Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value ) ) Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value ) ) 

For the Year ended From March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Public Shares Founder Shares Public Shares Founder Shares Basic and diluted net income per share: Total number of shares Ownership percentage Numerator: Allocation of net loss - inception to IPO date ) Allocation of net income - IPO date to year end (allocated based on ownership percentage) Total net income allocation Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value ) ) ) ) Plus: Accretion applicable to the redeemable class Allocation of net income (loss) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: ) ) ) 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The Company incurred offering costs of , consisting of of underwriting discounts and commissions and of costs related to the IPO. Private Warrants at an average price of per Private Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase ordinary share at a price of per full share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Warrants and the proceeds from the IPO, less underwriting discounts and commissions, were placed in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). Private Warrant Liability The Company accounts for the Private Warrants as liabilities as the number of shares used to calculate the settlement amount are not fixed. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup. Promissory Note to Sponsor and Working Capital Loans On April 7, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of to cover formation and operating expenses related to the IPO. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) July 31, 2021 and (ii) the completion of the IPO. The outstanding balance of was repaid on July 22, 2021. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. In the event that a 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor. On July 18, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with a Working Capital Loan of and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor. Any Working Capital Loans under the promissory notes issued on June 20, 2022 and July 18, 2022 are due on the earlier of five business days after the Company s initial Business Combination and December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn down under the Working Capital Loans. On January 6, 2023, the Sponsor provided the Company with an additional Working Capital Loan of , and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor to fund the Company s ongoing working capital requirements and to fund a portion of the amounts that the Company has agreed to deposit into the Company s Trust Account as a result of obtaining shareholder approval of the extension amendment proposal (See Note 9). The Working Capital Loan under this promissory note is due on the earlier of five business days after the Company s initial Business Combination and July 31, 2024. Administrative Services Arrangement On July 26, 2021, the Company entered into an administrative services agreement with the Sponsor, effective as of the date that the Company s securities were first listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay per month for these services. Upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 the Company incurred expenses of and under this agreement, respectively, of which and are included in accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . Business Combination Marketing Agreement At the closing of the IPO and in connection with the Business Combination, the Company and the underwriters entered into an agreement (the Business Combination Marketing Agreement ), whereby the underwriters are to assist the Company in holding meetings with the Company s shareholders to discuss potential Business Combination targets and the target business s attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with the potential Business Combination, provide financial advisory services to assist the Company in its efforts to obtain any shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement, the marketing fee payable to the representatives will be of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , upon the consummation of our Business Combination. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 of net tangible assets after giving effect to the PIPE Investment in accordance with the terms of the PIPE Subscription Agreement and following the exercise by Public Shareholders of their redemption rights, (iii) approval by the required shareholders of the Company of the business combination agreement and the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, (iv) the absence of any law enacted or order issued or threatened in writing by a governmental authority having the effect of restricting or making the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction illegal or otherwise prohibiting, restricting or making illegal the consummation of the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction, (v) shareholder approval of the Company to extend the time period for it to consummate a Business Combination from January 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023, which shareholder approval has been obtained, (vi) the performance or compliance in all material respects by the parties with all of the agreements and covenants required to be performed by such party under the business combination agreement on or prior to the closing date, (vii) the resignation of certain officers and directors of the Company and Mobix Labs and (viii) the execution and delivery of the amended and restated registration rights agreement. The business combination agreement may be terminated by the Company and/or Mobix Labs under certain circumstances at any time prior to the closing, notwithstanding any requisite approval and adoption of the business combination agreement and the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction by the Mobix Labs stockholders or the Company, including, among others, (i) by the Company or Mobix Labs if the Closing has not occurred on or before July 22, 2023, (ii) by the Company if any Mobix Labs stockholder litigation is commenced or threatened in writing by a Mobix Labs stockholder at any time prior to the effective time and (iii) by the Company if Mobix Labs PCAOB audited financial statements were not delivered to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, on or before December 15, 2022 (which right to terminate the business combination agreement under this clause (iii) is required to be exercised before the date of the initial public filing of the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the Proposed Mobix Labs Transaction with the SEC). PIPE Subscription Agreement Pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreement, the Company has agreed and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file an SEC registration statement registering the shares of Class A Common Stock acquired by the PIPE Investor (the PIPE Resale Registration Statement for public resale within days of closing. The Company also agreed to issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock to the PIPE Investor (the Make-Whole Features in the event that the volume weighted average price per share of the Class A Common Stock during the 30-day period commencing on the date that is days after the date on which the PIPE Resale Registration Statement is declared effective (the Adjustment Period VWAP is less than per share. In such case, the PIPE Investor will be entitled to receive a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued to the PIPE Investor at the closing of the subscription and held by the PIPE Investor through the date that is days after the effective date of the PIPE Resale Registration Statement multiplied by (y) a fraction, (A) the numerator of which is minus the Adjustment Period VWAP and (B) the denominator of which is the Adjustment Period VWAP. In the event that the Adjustment Period VWAP is less than , the Adjustment Period VWAP will be deemed to be . The Company evaluated the accounting treatment for PIPE Subscription Agreement, which contains embedded Make-Whole Features, in accordance with ASC 480 and ASC 815 and has determined to account for the PIPE Subscription Agreement as a freestanding financial instrument and as a liability. The Company has concluded that, although the PIPE Subscription Agreement does not meet the definition of a liability under ASC 480, the PIPE Subscription Agreement should be classified as a liability (the PIPE Derivative Liability upon the application of ASC 815-40 because (i) the number of additional shares issuable pursuant to the Make-Whole Features depends on whether there is an effective PIPE Resale Registration Statement (i.e., the Adjustment Period VWAP described above cannot be determined until the PIPE Resale Registration Statement has been declared effective) and (ii) an effective registration statement is not an input to the fair value option model for a fixed-for-fixed forward, which precludes the PIPE Subscription Agreement from being considered indexed to the Company s own stock under Step 2 of the indexation guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7. As a result, the Company is required to measure the fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability at the time the Company entered into the PIPE Subscription Agreement and at the end of each reporting period and is required to recognize the change in fair value in the Company s operating results for the current period (See Note 8). 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 preference shares with a par value of per share and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. There currently are preference shares issued or outstanding. Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On July 19, 2021, the Company effected a cancellation of Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. On September 5, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of an additional Founder Shares and a total of Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share cancellation. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and ordinary shares issued in the IPO which are subject to possible redemption, respectively Public Warrants The Company will not issue fractional Public Warrants, and only whole Public Warrants trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on after the completion of a Business Combination. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within following the consummation of a Business Combination, Public Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The Public Warrants will expire from the closing of a Business Combination. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination), for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period commencing after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such Public Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption, except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the Warrant Agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Price. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. and , respectively, in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has not withdrawn any of interest earned on the Trust Account. The following presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 1 Liabilities: PIPE Derivative Liability-Make-Whole Features 3 Warrant Liability 2 3 The Private Warrants are considered to be a Level 2 fair value measurement as of December 31, 2022 and are valued the same as the Public Warrants which are traded on the market. Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the ending of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Private Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement as of March 31, 2022, as the transfer of Private Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 other transfers to/from Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 7, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021. The Private Warrants were considered a Level 3 fair value measurement prior to December 31, 2021, using a Monte-Carlo simulation model. Inherent in a Monte-Carlo simulation model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger and post-merger, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate). The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on management s understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate matching the expected term of the Private Warrants. The expected life of the Private Warrant is simulated based on management assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing a Business Combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. Stock price Volatility Expected term Risk-free rate Dividend yield The PIPE Derivative Liability was accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40 and is presented within current liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The PIPE Derivative Lability is measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of derivative liability in the statements of operations. The Make-Whole Features were, initially and as of December 31, 2022, valued using a Monte-Carlo model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability is the expected volatility of the Company s common stock. The expected volatility of the Company s common stock was determined based on the implied volatility of the Public Warrants and from historical volatility of the common stock of select peer companies of Mobix Labs and comparable blank-check companies that recently completed the business combination. Risk-free rate Dividend yield Volatility and and Term (in years) Volume-Weighted Average Price The following table presents the changes in the fair value of the PIPE Derivative Liability and the Private Warrant liability: Initial measurement Change in fair value ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Initial measurement on November 15, 2022 Change in fair value ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 , and the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor. As of March 30, 2023, the Company had drawn down under the Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). Nasdaq Notice of Non-Compliance with a Continued Listing Rule On March 23, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS for the Company s ordinary shares was below the million minimum MVLS requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the Company will have calendar days (until September 19, 2023) to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. To regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, the MVLS for the Company s ordinary shares must be at least million for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time during this -day period. If the Company does not regain compliance with the rule by September 19, 2023, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC will provide notice that the Company s ordinary shares will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. In the event of such notification, the Nasdaq Listing Rules permit the Company an opportunity to appeal The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s determination. The Company is monitoring the MVLS of its ordinary shares and will consider options available to it to potentially achieve compliance. The Company s securities are expected to continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market during the -day period. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Description 1.1 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as representatives of the underwriters. 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and among Chavant, Merger Sub and Mobix Labs, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022). 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l, filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l, filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l, filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 4.5 Description of Securities. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors, Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and their respective permitted designees and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among the Company, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as representatives of the underwriters, and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 10.5 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and their respective permitted designees (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 10.6 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021). 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 10.7 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., Chavant Capital Partners LLC, directors and officers of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., and Mobix Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022). 10.8 Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and between Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. and ACE SO4 Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022). 10.9 Promissory Note, dated June 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2022). 10.10 Promissory Note, dated July 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022). 10.11 Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2023). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Chavant. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 31, 2023 CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Jiong Ma Name: Jiong Ma Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/ Jiong Ma Chief Executive Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Jiong Ma (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Lee Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Michael Lee (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/Andr -Jacques Auberton-Herv Chairman of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Andr -Jacques Auberton-Herv /s/ Karen Kerr Director March 31, 2023 Karen Kerr /s/ Patrick J. Ennis Director March 31, 2023 Patrick J. Ennis /s/ Bernhard Stapp Director March 31, 2023 Bernhard Stapp 
 54 

<EX-1.1>
 2
 clay-20221231xex1d1.htm
 EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 Roth Capital Partners, LLC Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC 888 San Clemente Drive 222 South Ninth Street, Suite 350 Newport Beach, CA 92660 Minneapolis, MN 55402 
 July 19, 2021 Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor New York, NY 10022 Ladies and Gentlemen: This is to confirm our agreement (this Agreement whereby Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company Company ), has requested Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (each an Advisor and collectively the Advisors to assist it in connection with the Company merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination (in each case, a Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities (each a Target as described in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257459) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Registration Statement in connection with its initial public offering IPO ). 1. Services and Fees. (a) The Advisors will, if requested by the Company: (i) Assist the Company in the transaction structuring and negotiation of a definitive purchase agreement with respect to the Business Combination; (ii) Hold meetings with Company shareholders to discuss the Business Combination and the Target s attributes; (iii) Introduce the Company to potential investors to purchase the Company s securities in connection with the Business Combination; (iv) Assist the Company in trying to obtain shareholder approval for the Business Combination, including assistance with the Company s proxy statement or tender offer materials; and (v) Assist the Company with relevant financial analysis, presentations, press releases and filings related to the Business Combination or the Target. (b) As compensation for the foregoing services, the Company will pay the Advisors a cash fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the IPO Fee ). The Fee shall be payable in cash and is due and payable to the Advisors by wire transfer at the closing of the Business Combination Closing from the Trust Account (defined below). If a proposed Business Combination is not consummated for any reason, no Fee shall be due or payable to the Advisors hereunder. The Fee shall be exclusive of any finder s fees which may become payable to the Advisors pursuant to any subsequent agreement between either Advisor and the Company or the Target. 2. Expenses. At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse the Advisors up to 20,000 for its reasonable costs and expenses incurred (including its fees and disbursements of counsel) in connection with the performance of its services hereunder; provided, however, all expenses in excess of 5,000 in the aggregate shall be subject to the Company s prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. Reimbursable expenses shall be due and payable to the Advisors by wire transfer at the Closing from the Trust Account. 

 3. Compan y Cooperation. The Company will cooperate with the Advisors including, but not limited to, providing to the Advisors and their counsel, on a timely basis, all documents and information regarding the Company and Target that the Advisors may reasonably request or that are otherwise relevant to the Advisors performance of their obligations hereunder (collectively, the Information making the Company s management, auditors, consultants and advisors available to the Advisors; and, using commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Advisors with reasonable access to the management, auditors, suppliers, customers, consultants and advisors of Target. The Company will promptly notify the Advisors of any change in facts or circumstances or new developments affecting the Company or Target or that might reasonably be considered material to the Advisors engagement hereunder. 4. Representations; Warranties and Covenants. The Company represents, warrants and covenants to the Advisor that all Information it makes available to the Advisors by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date thereof and as of the consummation of the Business Combination. 5. Indemni ty. The Company shall indemnify each Advisor and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, representatives and agents in accordance with the indemnification provisions set forth in Annex I hereto, all of which are incorporated herein by reference. Notwithstanding the foregoing and Annex I, each Advisor agrees, if there is no Closing, (i) that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Company s trust account established in connection with the IPO Trust Account with respect to this Agreement (each, a Claim (ii) to waive any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company hereunder; and (iii) to not seek recourse against the Trust Account with respect to the Fee. 6. Use of Name and Reports. Without the Advisors prior written consent, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates (nor any director, officer, manager, partner, member, employee, representative or agent thereof) shall quote or refer to, in any filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any advice rendered by the Advisors to the Company or any communication from the Advisors, in each case, in connection with performance of the Advisor s services hereunder, except as required by applicable federal or state law, regulation or securities exchange rule. 7. Status as Independent Contractor. Each Advisor shall perform its services as an independent contractor and not as an employee of the Company or affiliate thereof. It is expressly understood and agreed to by the parties that the Advisors shall have no authority to act for, represent or bind the Company or any affiliate thereof in any manner, except as may be expressly agreed to by the Company in writing. In rendering such services, the Advisors will be acting solely pursuant to a contractual relationship on an arm s-length basis. This Agreement is not intended to create a fiduciary relationship between the parties and neither the Advisors nor any of the Advisors officers, directors or personnel will owe any fiduciary duty to the Company or any other person in connection with any of the matters contemplated by this Agreement. 8. Potential Conflicts. The Company acknowledges that each Advisor is a full-service securities firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities and providing investment banking and advisory services from which conflicting interests may arise. Subject to applicable law, in the ordinary course of business, each Advisor and its affiliates may at any time hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for their own account or the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities of the Company, its affiliates or other entities that may be involved in the transactions contemplated hereby. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or restrict either Advisor or any of its affiliates in conducting such business to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

 9. Entire A g reement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing signed by the parties hereto. 10. Notices. Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by certified mail or private courier service, return receipt requested, addressed to each party at its respective addresses set forth above, or such other address as may be given by a party in a notice given pursuant to this Section. 11. Successors and Ass ig ns. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the written consent of the other. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and, except where prohibited, to their successors and assigns. 12. Non-Exclusivi ty. Nothing herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the engagement by the Company of other consultants providing the same or similar services or the payment by the Company of fees to such other consultants. The Company s engagement of any other consultant(s) shall not affect the Advisors right to receive the Fee and reimbursement of expenses pursuant to this Agreement. 13. A pp licable Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflict of laws. In the event of any dispute under this Agreement, then and in such event, each party hereto agrees that the dispute shall either be (i) resolved through final and binding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA or ii) brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York, County of New York under the accelerated adjudication procedures of the Commercial Division, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in each event at the discretion of the party initiating the dispute. Once a party files a dispute with one of the above forums, the parties agree that all issues regarding such dispute or this Agreement must be resolved before such forum rather than seeking to resolve it through another alternative forum set forth above. In the event the dispute is brought before the AAA, the arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center for Dispute Resolution s offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel. Each of the parties agrees that the decision and/or award made by the arbitrators shall be final and enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom enforcement is sought. Furthermore, the parties to any such arbitration shall be entitled to make one motion for summary judgment within 60 days of the commencement of the arbitration, which shall be decided by the arbitrator[s] prior to the commencement of the hearings. In the event the dispute is brought by a party in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, each party irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each party hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon a party may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such party at the address set forth at the beginning of this Agreement. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the party being served in any action, proceeding or claim. The parties agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. 14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument. 

 If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Advisors and the Company with respect to the foregoing, please so indicate your agreement by signing in the place provided below, at which time this letter shall become a binding contract. ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC By: /s/ Byron Roth Name: Byron Roth Title: Chairman CEO CRAIG-HALLUM CAPITAL GROUP, LLC By: /s/ Rick Hartfiel Name: Rick Hartfiel Title: Managing Partner 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY: CHAVANT CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Jiong Ma Name: Jiong Ma Title: President CEO 

ANNEX I Indemnification In connection with the Company s engagement of Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (each an Advisor and collectively the Advisors pursuant to that certain letter agreement Agreement of which this Annex forms a part, Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company hereby agrees, subject to the second paragraph of Section 5 of the Agreement, to indemnify and hold harmless each Advisor and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, agents and employees of any of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnified Persons ), from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings (including those of shareholders), damages, liabilities and expenses incurred by any of them (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, (collectively a Claim ), that (A) are related to or arise out of (i) any actions taken or omitted to be taken (including any untrue statements made or any statements omitted to be made) by the Company, or (ii) any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any Indemnified Person in connection with the Company s engagement of the Advisors, or (B) otherwise relate to or arise out of the Advisors activities on the Company s behalf under the Advisors engagement, and the Company shall reimburse any Indemnified Person for all expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) as incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which any Indemnified Person is a party. The Company will not, however, be responsible for any Claim that is determined to have resulted from the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any person seeking indemnification for such Claim. The Company further agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability to the Company for or in connection with the Company s engagement of the Advisors except for any Claim incurred by the Company as a result of such Indemnified Person s fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company further agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Advisors which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened Claim in respect of which indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person is an actual or potential party to such Claim), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional, irrevocable release of each Indemnified Person from any and all liability arising out of such Claim. Promptly upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of any complaint or the assertion or institution of any Claim with respect to which indemnification is being sought hereunder, such Indemnified Person shall notify the Company in writing of such complaint or of such assertion or institution but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by such Indemnified Person, the Company will assume the defense of such Claim, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person and the payment of the fees and expenses of such counsel. In the event, however, that legal counsel to such Indemnified Person reasonably determines that having common counsel would present such counsel with a conflict of interest or if the defendant in, or target of, any such Claim, includes an Indemnified Person and the Company, and legal counsel to such Indemnified Person reasonably concludes that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons different from or in addition to those available to the Company, then such Indemnified Person may employ its own separate counsel to represent or defend him, her or it in any such Claim and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company fails timely or diligently to defend, contest, or otherwise protect against any Claim, the relevant Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to defend, contest, compromise, settle, assert crossclaims, or counterclaims or otherwise protect against the same, and shall be fully indemnified by the Company therefor, including without limitation, for the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and all amounts paid as a result of such Claim or the compromise or settlement thereof. 

 In addition, with respect to any Claim in which the Company assumes the defense, the Indemnified Person shall have the right to participate in such Claim and to retain his, her or its own counsel therefor at his, her or its own expense. The Company agrees that if any indemnity sought by an Indemnified Person hereunder is held by a court to be unavailable for any reason then (whether or not either Advisor is an Indemnified Person), the Company and the Advisors shall contribute to the Claim for which such indemnity is held unavailable in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and the Advisors on the other, in connection with the Advisors engagement referred to above, subject to the limitation that in no event shall the amount of the Advisors contribution to such Claim exceed the amount of fees actually received by the Advisors from the Company pursuant to the Advisors engagement. The Company hereby agrees that the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and the Advisors on the other, with respect to the Advisors engagement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or proposed to be paid or received by the Company or its shareholders as the case may be, pursuant to the transaction (whether or not consummated) for which the Advisors are engaged to render services bears to (b) the fee paid or proposed to be paid to the Advisors in connection with such engagement. The Company s indemnity, reimbursement and contribution obligations under this Agreement (a) shall be in addition to, and shall in no way limit or otherwise adversely affect any rights that any Indemnified Party may have at law or at equity and (b) shall be effective whether or not the Company is at fault in any way. 

</EX-1.1>

<EX-3.1>
 3
 clay-20221231xex3d1.htm
 EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 Registrar of Companies Government Administration Building 133 Elgin Avenue George Town Grand Cayman Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (ROC # 373237) (the Company TAKE NOTICE that by minutes of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated 6 January 2023, the following special resolution was passed: RESOLVED, as a special resolution, that the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be amended by the deletion of the existing Article 48.7 in its entirety and the insertion of the following language in its place: 48.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination on or before July 22, 2023, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, for a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. /s/ Cynthia Cansell Cynthia Cansell Corporate Administrator for and on behalf of Maples Corporate Services Limited Dated this 12th day of January 2023 

Registrar of Companies Government Administration Building 133 Elgin Avenue George Town Grand Cayman Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (ROC # 373237) (the Company TAKE NOTICE that by minutes of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated 14 July 2022, the following special resolution was passed: 1. Adoption of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association RESOLVED, as a special resolution, that the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be amended by the deletion of the existing Article 48.7 in its entirety and the insertion of the following language in its place: 48.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination on or before January 22, 2023, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, for a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. /s/ Margo Richardson Margo Richardson Corporate Administrator for and on behalf of Maples Corporate Services Limited Dated this 19th day of July 2022 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 19 JULY 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 19 JULY 2021) 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 19 JULY 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 19 JULY 2021) 1 The name of the Company is Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. 2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide. 3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member s shares. 5 The share capital of the Company is US 20,100 divided into 200,000,000 ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each. 6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 
 2 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 19 JULY 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 19 JULY 2021) 1 Interpretation 1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in- law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person. Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company. Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 
 
 3 

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). Business Combination means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City. Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. Company means the above named company. Company s Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any). Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Capital Market. Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company. Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors. 
 
 4 

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act. Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. IPO means the Company s initial public offering of securities. Member has the same meaning as in the Statute. Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee means the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company. Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. 
 
 5 

Ordinary Share means an ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. Public Share means an Ordinary Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein. Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company. Representative means a representative of the Underwriters. Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Share means an Ordinary Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. Special Resolution subject to Article 28.4, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution. Sponsor means Chavant Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns. Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally. 
 
 6 

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter. 
 1.2 In the Articles: (a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; (b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; (c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person; (d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; (e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; (f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; (g) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; (h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); (i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles; (j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; 
 7 

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; (l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply; (m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and (n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share. 2 Commencement of Business 2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors shall see fit. 2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights. 3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 
 8 

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 4 Register of Members 4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute. 4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time. 5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days. 5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 
 9 

6 Certificates for Shares 6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate. 6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company. 7 Transfer of Shares 7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right, option, warrant or unit. 7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members. 
 10 

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares: (a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof; (b) Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration on a pro-rata basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own 20 per cent of the Company s issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and (c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof. 8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share. 
 11 

9 Treasury Shares 9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share. 9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 10 Variation of Rights of Shares 10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class, or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis , except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares. 10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights. 11 Commission on Sale of Shares The Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful. 
 12 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts The Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder. 13 Lien on Shares 13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The Company s lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share. 13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold. 13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Company s power of sale under the Articles. 13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale. 14 Call on Shares 14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 
 13 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed. 14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof. 14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid. 14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance. 14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable. 15 Forfeiture of Shares 15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. 
 14 

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares. 15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share. 15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 16 Transmission of Shares 16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder. 16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be. 16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 
 15 

17 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 17.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: (a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; (b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; (c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination; (d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and (e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled. 17.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital. 17.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 28.4, the Company may by Special Resolution: (a) change its name; 
 16 

(b) alter or add to the Articles; (c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and (d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund. 18 Offices and Places of Business Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 19 General Meetings 19.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings. 19.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 19.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings. 19.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous year s annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current year s annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous year s annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials. 20 Notice of General Meetings 20.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: 
 17 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and (b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right. 20.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting. 21 Proceedings at General Meetings 21.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of a majority of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum. 21.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 21.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 21.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum. 21.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 21.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 
 18 

21.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 21.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting. 21.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting. 21.10 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll. 21.11 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 21.12 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll. 21.13 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 22 Votes of Members 22.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 28.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder. 22.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members. 22.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 
 19 

22.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid. 22.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 22.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 22.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed. 23 Proxies 23.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 23.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 23.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid. 
 20 

23.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll. 23.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. 24 Corporate Members 24.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member. 24.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 25 Shares that May Not be Voted Shares in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time. 26 Directors 26.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 
 21 

26.2 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified. 27 Powers of Directors 27.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 27.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 27.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance. 27.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party. 
 22 

28 Appointment and Removal of Directors 28.1 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, holders of Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director. 28.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. 28.3 After the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 28.4 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article 28.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least two-thirds of such Members (which shall include a simple majority of the holders of Shares) as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution. 29 Vacation of Office of Director The office of a Director shall be vacated if: (a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or (b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or (c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or (d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or (e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors. 
 23 

30 Proceedings of Directors 30.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 30.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. 30.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting. 30.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held. 30.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis. 30.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 30.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 30.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be. 
 24 

30.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director. 31 Presumption of Assent A Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action. 32 Directors Interests 32.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 32.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director. 32.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such other company. 32.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon. 32.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 
 25 

33 Minutes The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the Directors present at each meeting. 34 Delegation of Directors Powers 34.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 34.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 34.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. 
 26 

34.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time. 34.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him. 34.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office. 35 No Minimum Shareholding The Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares. 36 Remuneration of Directors 36.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other. 36.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director. 27 
 27 

37 Seal 37.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 37.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used. 37.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 38 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 38.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 38.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 38.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 38.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors. 
 28 

38.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met. 38.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company. 38.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders. 38.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company. 38.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company. 39 Capitalisation The Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company. 
 29 

40 Books of Account 40.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 40.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 40.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law. 41 Audit 41.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors determine. 41.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. 
 30 

41.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 41.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists). 41.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 41.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 41.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 41.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval. 41.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO. 41.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication. 42 Notices 42.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 
 31 

42.2 Where a notice is sent by: (a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier; (b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted; (c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted; (d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and (e) placing it on the Company s Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 42.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 42.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings. 
 32 

43 Winding Up 43.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up: (a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or (b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 43.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability. 44 Indemnity and Insurance 44.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 
 33 

44.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person. 44.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company. 45 Financial Year Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year. 46 Transfer by Way of Continuation If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 47 Mergers and Consolidations The Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 48 Business Combination 48.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail. 
 34 

48.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either: (a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or (b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such repurchases. Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates. 48.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 48.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least US 5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination. 48.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption ), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price ), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated. The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation ). 
 35 

48.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part). 48.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 48.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles: (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity, each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption Limitation. 
 36 

48.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. 48.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to: (a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or (b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination. 48.11 The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction or transactions between the Company and any of the following parties: (a) any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the Company that gives such Member a significant influence over the Company; and (b) any Director or Officer and any Affiliate of such Director or Officer. 48.12 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors. 48.13 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 48.14 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. 
 37 

49 Certain Tax Filings Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles. 50 Business Opportunities 50.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 50.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge. 50.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past. 
 38 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 4
 clay-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following summary of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. s securities is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act for additional information. General We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000 ordinary shares, par value US 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value US 0.0001 per share. Units Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a Public Warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of the Company s ordinary shares. This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a Public Warrant holder. For example, if a Public Warrant holder holds three-quarters of one Public Warrant to purchase an ordinary share, such Public Warrant will not be exercisable. Accordingly, unless an investor holds a multiple of four Units, the number of Public Warrants issuable to them upon separation of the Units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Public Warrants. The ordinary shares and Public Warrants trade separately and as a part of the Unit. Holders will have the option to continue to hold Units or separate their Units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the Units into ordinary shares and Public Warrants. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless an investor holds a multiple of four Units, they will not be able to receive or trade a whole Public Warrant. Additionally, the Units that have not already been separated will automatically separate into their component parts in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and will no longer be listed thereafter. Ordinary Shares As of March 30, 2023, there were 2,856,042 of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding including: 856,042 ordinary shares underlying Units issued as part of our initial public offering IPO ); and 2,000,000 ordinary shares held by our Initial Shareholders (the Founder Shares ). 

 Shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend, either in person or by proxy, and vote at a general meeting of the Company is sufficient for approval of general resolutions. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, Public Shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. In addition, as holders of our ordinary shares, our Public Shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. We will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per Public Share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the Business Combination Fee. Our Initial Shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many SPACs that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of Public Shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of an initial business combination is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many SPACs, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. We are seeking shareholder approval, so we will complete our initial business combination only if approved by ordinary resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of ordinary shares present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on our initial business combination. However, the participation of our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the IPO), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our Public Shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other 

 person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Even though we are seeking shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any Public Shares purchased during or after our IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our Initial Shareholders Founder Shares, we do not require the support of holders of the Public Shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the initial business combination, whether they participate in or abstain from voting, or whether they were a shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the initial business combination. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Initial Shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time). However, if our Initial Shareholders or management team acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The Founder Shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the Units being sold in our IPO, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights as Public Shareholders, except that (i) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (ii) our Initial Shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their 

 redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or within any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (or by the end of any such extended period of time), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we submit our initial business combination to our Public Shareholders for a vote, our Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after our IPO in favor of our initial business combination. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our Sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Preference Shares There are no preference shares outstanding. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association authorizes 1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in our IPO. Warrants Public Warrants Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is available (or holders are permitted to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The Public Warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of Chavant s completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, 

 subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary share upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless the ordinary share issuable upon such Public Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant and such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless, in which case the purchaser of a Unit containing such Public Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the ordinary shares underlying such Unit. In no event will Chavant be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant. Chavant previously registered the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants in the registration statement relating to the IPO. However, because the Public Warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of Chavant s initial business combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of an initial business combination, Chavant has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 60th business day following the closing of the initial business combination, holders of the Public Warrants will have the right, during the period beginning on the 61st business day after the closing of the initial business combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, and during any other period when Chavant will fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Public Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) or another exemption). Notwithstanding the above, if our ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule), we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) and, (i) in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants or (ii) if we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares issuable upon exercise the Public Warrants under the applicable blue sky laws of the state of residence of the exercising Public Warrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of Public Warrants for Cash Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable; at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination), for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period commencing after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders; and 

 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such Public Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption, except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. Chavant has established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the Public Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and Chavant issues a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising Public Warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each Public Warrant being exercised. However, the price of the ordinary share may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Public Warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) Public Warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise If Chavant calls the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, Chavant s board of directors will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its Public Warrant to do so on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below), over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value. Fair market value means the average reported closing price of the ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants. If Chavant s board of directors takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a Public Warrant redemption. Chavant believes this feature is an attractive option to the Company if Chavant does not need the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants following the closing of its initial business combination. If Chavant calls the Public Warrants for redemption and Chavant s board of directors does not take advantage of this option, the Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other Public Warrant holders would have been required to use had all Public Warrant holders been required to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a Public Warrant may notify Chavant in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Public Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments If the number of outstanding ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in ordinary shares, or by a split -up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization , split-up or similar event, the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, if Chavant, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the ordinary shares on account of such ordinary shares (or other shares of Chavant s share capital into which the Public Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other 

 adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant), but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of Chavant s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial business combination within the period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre- initial business combination activity or (e) in connection with the redemption of the Public Shares upon Chavant s failure to complete an initial business combination, then the Public Warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by Chavant s board of directors in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding ordinary shares. Whenever the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the Public Warrant exercise price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Public Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) Chavant issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Chavant s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary shares during the ten (10) trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which Chavant consummates the business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger described under Redemption of Public Warrants for Cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of Chavant with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which Chavant is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of Chavant as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which Chavant is dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Public Warrants and in lieu of the ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Public Warrants immediately prior to such event. 

 Other Matters The Public Warrants were issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and Chavant, which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or mistake, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Warrants, a majority of the then-outstanding Private Warrants. The Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Public Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the Public Warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to Chavant, for the number of Public Warrants being exercised. The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, Chavant will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the Public Warrant holder. Chavant has agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against Chavant arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and Chavant irrevocably submitted to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Warrants The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by Chavant and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of Chavant s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan Chavant funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any , capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. 

 Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our Public Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually requiring the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived, (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign 

 company and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase the shares at a price that we determine is the fair value and if we and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, we must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if we and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30-day period expires, we (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by us. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by us upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by us may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the initial business combination should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the general meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

 If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the Company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted 

 companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the following exemptions: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares or shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the Company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either: (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 70.0 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides, among other things, that: If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in 

 each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law; Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares on our initial business combination; Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event that we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our Public Shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that we will not redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. However, we may raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. 

 Anti-Money Laundering - Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing or property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Cayman Islands Data Protection We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following discussion, the Company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who This Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals 

 connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How We May Use Your Personal Data As the data controller, we may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: (i) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; (ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act/Common Reporting Standard requirements); and/or (iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands, the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Certain provisions in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the ordinary shares. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved ordinary shares and preference 

 shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Securities Eligible for Future Sale We have 2,856,042 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 856,042 ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 2,000,000 shares owned collectively by the Sponsor, Chavant s directors and officers and the Representatives designees are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities; provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 28,560 shares; or the average weekly reported trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their Founder Shares and Private Warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

 Registration Rights The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our IPO, (ii) Private Warrants, which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and the ordinary shares underlying such Private Warrants and (iii) Private Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our IPO. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming 1,500,000 of working capital loans are converted into Private Warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 6,900,000 ordinary shares and 4,900,000 warrants. The number of ordinary shares includes (i) 2,000,000 Founder Shares, (ii) 3,400,000 ordinary shares underlying the Private Warrants and (iii) 1,500,000 ordinary shares underlying the Private Warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 3,400,000 Private Warrants and 1,500,000 Private Warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities Our Units, ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols CLAYU, CLAY and CLAYW, respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 clay-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary State of Jurisdiction of Incorporation Clay Merger Sub II, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 clay-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jiong Ma, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Jiong Ma Name: Jiong Ma Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 clay-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Lee, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Lee Name: Michael Lee Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 clay-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jiong Ma, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Jiong Ma Name: Jiong Ma Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 clay-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Lee, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Lee Name: Michael Lee Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 clay-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 clay-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 clay-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 clay-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 clay-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

