<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1798458_0001826466-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1822375</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78313</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>415135</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>458759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>355778</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>472621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001826466-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227170707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001826466-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carriage House Event Center, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001798458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				272950800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56423
		FILM NUMBER:		23676419

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6521 OCASO DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE PINES
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-730-7939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6521 OCASO DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE PINES
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001826466-23-000004.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 chec-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [ ] 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 Phone: - 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code Telephone Number) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 
None 

 Securities registered pursuant to section
12(g) of the Act: 
Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes [ ] [X] 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
Yes [ ] [X] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
 [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 
 
 [X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report.[ ] 

 Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 [X] No [ ] 

 The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting shares of the Company s Common Stock held by non-affiliates: The stock of the Company is not traded on
any exchange at this time. 

 The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s
Common Stock as of February 15, 2023, was . 

2 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER INC. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 
 Page No. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 11 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 26 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 26 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 31 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

Signatures 
 
 32 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

 This 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and Business, contains forward-looking statements that include information relating to future events, future
financial performance, strategies, expectations, competitive environment, regulation and availability of resources. These forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: proposed new products or services; our statements concerning litigation
or other matters; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts for our business, financial and
operating results and future economic performance; statements of management s goals and objectives; trends affecting our financial
condition, results of operations or future prospects; our financing plans or growth strategies; and other similar expressions concerning
matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, will, should, could, 
 would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, anticipates, 
 future, intends, plans, believes and estimates, and similar expressions,
as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 

3 

Forward-looking statements should not
be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which,
that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are
made and/or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors
affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

 With respect to this discussion, the terms
 we us our and the Company refer to Carriage House Event Center, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiary. 

 Part I 

 Item 1. Business 

 Carriage House Event Center, Inc. we,
 us, our, the Company or Carriage House was incorporated in the state of Colorado
on June 26, 2010. On September 11, 2018, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary company, Blue Carriage Events, Inc. As of the date of this
filing, we have not conducted any business through the Company or through our subsidiary. Our principal executive offices are located
at 558 Castle Pines Parkway,B-4 Suite 140 Castle Pines, Colorado, 80108 Telephone 303-730-7939. 

 Operations 

 The Company was formed for the purpose of
researching and developing a concept of an Event Center with many additional associated businesses on the grounds of the Event Center. 

 We have not generated revenue to date. Our
operations since 2010 to date has consisted of extensive research of our concept and filing an S-1 registration statement and filings
forms 10-K and 10-Q with the SEC. 

 Our independent registered public accountants have expressed
a going concern opinion. 

 In 2020, the Company filed an S-1 Registration
Statement to register 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be sold to the public at the price of 0.10 per share for
a total of 100,000. The Registration Statement became effective on May 8, 2020. 

 The Company sold 300,000 shares of common
stock at 0.10 per share for gross proceeds of 30,000. The shares were sold by the officers and Directors of the Company and no broker
commissions were paid. There is no guarantee that additional shares will be sold from the Registration Statement. 

 After the shares offered on the S-1 Registration
Statement were sold, our management and related parties continue to own over a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company. As of December 31, 2022,
management and affiliates own 4,120,000 shares (92.6 and the shareholders holding the free stock own 300,000 shares (6.7 ). As a result,
 management has the ability to determine the outcome on all matters requiring approval of our shareholders, including the election of directors
and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

 Covid-19 Pandemic 

 In December 2019 Covid -19 emerged and
spread worldwide. The World health Organization Covid-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities
mandating restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public
gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus 

4 

As the pandemic has progressed, new coronavirus
variants have been detected around the world. 

 As the COVID-19 pandemic is complex and continues
to rapidly evolve, the economy of the United States, may be negatively affected for a sustained time. We cannot now reasonably estimate
the duration and severity of this pandemic, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial
position and cash flows. 

 Since 2020, the Covid-19 Pandemic has had
a dramatic effect on the progress of the Company, especially in raising the funds needed for advancing our business plan. Most cities
and states have had strong restrictions on gatherings during the pandemic. Many wedding, corporate and other meetings have been cancelled
or postponed for the time being, thus having a dramatic effect on the Event Center business. If the pandemic does not subside quickly,
the Company may have to move quickly in a different direction, including seeking a possible merger candidate or candidates. 

 The wedding event business is the major part
of our business plan for an event center. 

 According to The Wedding Report, 
of July 29, 2020, the Covid-19 Pandemic has had an enormous effect on the wedding business in 2020. 

41.5 are or have moved to 2021; 

7.0 are or have cancelled altogether (some likely married but cancelled the full event); 

30.5 are trying to hold their current 2020 wedding date; 

46 of couples are cutting their budget by an average of 31 ; 

58 of couples are cutting their guest count by an average of 41 ; 

Even more alarming, 58 of wedding vendors surveyed (6/2020) said they are expecting to lose more 2020 weddings. 
 
 While the report was for the year 2020, the
COVID-19 pandemic did not diminish in 2021 and the trend continued through 2022, making the event center business extremely difficult
to operate profitably. 

 Many of those that have had their reservations
at an event center, sometimes a year in advance, have had to postpone or cancel, usually because of the requirement to limited numbers
of people at gatherings imposed by mayors and governors. The event center business has suffered with these cancellations. So many of the
weddings that are going ahead, are doing so in a situation involving far less guests, and held in such places as a back yard. While weddings
are a major part of the business of an event center, other meetings such as corporate functions have almost all been cancelled or postponed. 

 In a survey done in June, 2021 Wedding report
did a survey with the results as follows: 

20 of 2021 weddings rescheduled out to 2022 

Businesses are about 10 less booked than 2018/2019, it is a mixed bag 

o 
 28 of businesses are more than 25 less booked 

o 
 17 of businesses are more than 25 more booked 

Many businesses are reporting that the second half of the year is the busiest for them 

Some are seeing surges already while others are not. I think it depends on where you are in the country and the type of business you are in. 

Many are reporting that this year is not profit or new events, but reschedules, so that is impacting overall profit for the year. 

Some are reporting that couples are still a bit nervous 

Good staffing is hard to find 

Many still reporting smaller weddings 

5 

87 of couples say they are not having any issues finding what they need or want 

10 of couples reporting higher prices prior to pandemic 

5 of couples reporting hard to find a venue for their date 

15 of couples say they are still cutting budgets by as much as 28 

15 of couples say they are still cutting guest counts by as much as 27 

Both budget cuts and guest count reduction is consistent with what businesses are reporting. 
 
 While the Covid-19 pandemic has subsided
and allows for more public meetings, the danger of Covid-19 still impacteds the Event Center Business in early 2022. Since our Company is based heavily on an
event center, and thus on meetings of 50 to 1,000 people, the progress of the Company had been dramatically curtailed in a number of ways.
First, in the raising of capital through investors in our public offering and in additional private capital. Second in advancing our business
plan in a number of areas, including getting the interest of companies that might be interested in participating in our overall concept. 
 These factors, among others, raise substantial
 doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 General Information 

 We are a startup company and have not generated
revenues and have a short operating history. Our independent auditor has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing
substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Our plan is to attempt to continue with our
business plan of developing a unique Event Center, If circumstances continue to impact the Event Center business negatively, the company may have to move in a different direction, including seeking a possible merger candidate
for the Company. 

 Our focus for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023 will be on continuing to attempt to raise additional capital, more research as to the overall concept and contacting companies
that would desire to be a part of the event center concept. The officers of the Company may also seek to find a good candidate for a merger
of the Company that would be of benefit to shareholders. 

 Emerging Growth Company Status under
the JOBS Act 

 Carriage House Event Center, Inc. qualifies
as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ). 

 The JOBS Act creates a new category of issuers
known as emerging growth companies. Emerging growth companies are those with annual gross revenues of less than 1 billion
(as indexed for inflation) during their most recently completed fiscal year. The JOBS Act is intended to facilitate public offerings by
emerging growth companies by exempting them from several provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and its regulations. An emerging growth
company will retain that status until the earliest of: 

The first fiscal year after its annual revenues exceed 1 billion; 

The first fiscal year after the fifth anniversary of its IPO; 

The date on which the company has issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the previous three-year period; and 

The first fiscal year in which the company has a public float of at least 700 million. 

6 

Financial and Audit Requirements 

 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies
are subject to scaled financial disclosure requirements. Pursuant to these scaled requirements, emerging growth companies may: 

Provide only two rather than three years of audited financial statements in their IPO Registration Statement; 

Provide selected financial data only for periods no earlier than those included in the IPO Registration Statement in all SEC filings, rather than the five years of selected financial data normally required; 

Delay compliance with new or revised accounting standards until they are made applicable to private companies; and 

Be exempted from compliance with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires companies to receive an outside auditor s attestation regarding the issuer s internal controls. 
 
 Offering Requirements 

 In addition, during the IPO offering process,
emerging growth companies are exempt from: 

Restrictions on analyst research prior to and immediately after the IPO, even from an investment bank that is underwriting the IPO; 

Certain restrictions on communications to institutional investors before filing the IPO registration statement; and 

The requirement initially to publicly file IPO Registration Statements. Emerging growth companies can confidentially file draft Registration Statements and any amendments with the SEC. Public filings of the draft documents must be made at least 21 days prior to commencement of the IPO road show. 
 
 Other Public Company Requirements 

 Emerging growth companies are also exempt
from other ongoing obligations of most public companies, such as: 

The requirements under Section 14(i) of the Exchange Act and Section 953(b)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Act to disclose executive compensation information on pay-for-performance and the ratio of CEO to median employee compensation; 

Certain other executive compensation disclosure requirements, such as the compensation discussion and analysis, under Item 402 of Regulation S-K; and 

The requirements under Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act to hold advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments. 

We have a total of 45,000,000 authorized
common shares with a par value of 0.001 per share with 4,450,000 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

 We have 5,000,000 preferred shares, par value
 0.001, authorized of which none is issued and outstanding. 

 Our plan of operation is to continue to attempt
to raise additional capital and making contacts with various businesses that might become a part of the Carriage House Event Center program. 

 Competition 

 There are over 40 facilities acting as event
centers of various types in the Denver metropolitan area. These facilities include those that were constructed to be an event center,
older buildings such as homes, restaurants and churches converted into an event center. In addition, hotels with event facilities, restaurants
with rooms for events, golf clubs, museums, community centers special facilities open to the public. 

7 

There is no assurance that we will be able
to compete with the existing event centers and those that hold events of all kinds, and new event centers that may be built in the future. 

 Many of our current and potential competitors
may have advantages over us including: 

Longer operating histories and greater market presence, 

Better name recognition, 

Access to larger customer bases, 

Economies of scale and cost structure advantages, and 

Greater sales and marketing, programming, distribution, technical, financial and other resources. 
 
 These competitors also have established or
may establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves or third parties. In addition, some of our competitors have used or
may use aggressive pricing or promotional strategies, have stronger relationships on more favorable terms with retail outlets. These relationships
may affect the ability of potential customers to purchase our products. 

 We operate in a highly competitive environment
for event centers. The majority of our competitors possess and employ financial, technical and personnel resources substantially greater
than ours, which can be particularly important in the areas in which we plan to operate. Those companies may be able to pay more for facilities
and personnel than our financial resources permit. 

 Reorganizations, Purchase or Sale of
Assets 

 There have been no material reclassifications,
mergers, consolidations, or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business. 

 Compliance with Government Regulation 

 Other than what controls that exist now,
or may exist in the future for Event Centers, there are no government regulations that will affect our business. 

 Patents, Trademarks, Franchises, Royalty
Agreements or Labor Contracts 

 We have no patents, trademarks, licenses,
concessions, or labor contracts. 

 Employees and Employment Agreements 

 Our only employee is our President, A. Terry
Ray
.. Ms. Ray currently devotes 10-20 hours per month to company matters and after receiving funding or a substantial increase in revenues
she plans to devote as much time as the board of directors determines is necessary to manage the affairs of the Company. There are no
formal employment agreements between the Company and our current employee. 

 Reports to Security Holders 

 We are a reporting company and will comply
with the requirements of the Exchange Act. We will file annual, quarterly and other reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Although we will not be required to deliver our annual or quarterly reports to security holders, we intend to forward this information
to security holders upon receiving a written request to receive such information. The reports and other information filed by us will 

8 

be available for inspection and copying at the public
reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission located at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. 

 Copies of such material may be obtained by
mail from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed
rates. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the
Commission maintains a website at: http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None 

 Item 2. Properties 

 We do not currently own any property. The
Company is currently provided with office space by our officer and director at no charge. The offices are located at 558 Castle Pines
Parkway, B-4 Suite 140, Castle Rock, Colorado. Management believes the current premises are sufficient for its needs at this time. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 There are no legal proceedings that have
occurred within the past five years concerning the Company, our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a
criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries,
or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

 Part II 

 Item 5. Market for Common Equity and
Related Stockholder Matters and issuer purchases of equity securities. 

 Market Information 

 Our common shares are quoted on the OTC Markets
website under the symbol CRGH . However, there has been no trading of our common shares. 

 Common Stock. 

 There are 45,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
 0.001 par value, authorized, with 4,450,000 shares issued and outstanding. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each
share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption
or conversion rights. 

9 

Preferred Stock 

 We have 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock
authorized, none of which have been designated. No shares are issued and outstanding. 

 Security Holders 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had 39 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock and 4,450,000 common shares issued and outstanding, of which
4,020,000 shares were held by our Officers and Directors, A. Terry Ray and Janel Ray. 

 S-1 Registration Statement filed 

 In 2020, the Company filed an S-1
Registration Statement to register 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be sold to the public at the price of
 0.10 per share for a total of 100,000. The Company has sold 300,000 shares of common stock at 0.10 per share for gross proceeds
of 30,000 since the Registration Statement became effective on May 8, 2020. The shares were sold by the officers and Directors of
the Company and no broker commissions were paid as a result of the sales. There can be no assurances that any additional shares of
common stock will be sold on the S-1 offering or that a trading market will develop for the shares. 

 Dividends 

 Holders of our common stock are entitled
to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. No dividends on our common stock have ever been paid, and we do
not anticipate that cash dividends will be paid on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

 Options and Warrants 

 There are no outstanding options or warrants. 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

 The Company does not have any equity compensation
plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its Common Stock or Preferred Stock. The issuance of any of our Common
Stock or Preferred Stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to issue any or all of our authorized
but unissued shares without stockholder approval. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 There has been no active trading of our securities,
and, therefore, no high and low bid pricing. We have paid no cash dividends and have no outstanding options. 

 Securities authorized for issuance
under equity compensation plans 

 We do not have any equity compensation plans
and accordingly we have no securities authorized for issuance there under. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

 We did not purchase any of our shares of
common stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

 10 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, as well as in certain other parts of this Annual Report on Form
10-K (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by Carriage House Event Center,
Inc.) that look forward in time, are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance,
expectations, predictions, and assumptions and other statements which are other than statements of historical facts. Although Carriage
House believes such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that any forward-looking statements will prove
to be correct. Such forward-looking statements are subject to, and are qualified by, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to Carriage House s ability to estimate the impact of
competition and of industry consolidation and risks, uncertainties and other factors set forth in Carriage House s filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Form 10-K. 

 Overview 

 Carriage House Event Center, Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Colorado on June 26, 2010. On September 11, 2018; we formed a wholly owned subsidiary company, Blue Carriage Events, Inc.
a Colorado corporation. None of our operations are conducted through this entity. Our principal executive offices are located at 558 Castle
Pines Parkway B-4 Suite 140, Castle Pines, Colorado, 80108, telephone 303-730-7939. 

 We are a company formed for the purpose of
developing a unique Event Center, encompassing a variety of additional services in the same location. However, the Covid-19 Pandemic has
had a dramatic effect on the progress of the Company. If circumstances continue to impact the Event Center business negatively, the company may have to move in a different direction, including seeking a possible merger candidate for the Company. 

 The Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared
To The Year Ended December 31, 2021 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not earn any revenue. 

 Operating expenses 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had general and administrative expenses of 13,824 and 27,286, respectively, a decrease of 13,462 or 49.3 . The decrease in
the current year can be attributed to a decrease of 4,615 in professional fees. In the prior year we incurred a 10,000 expense for FINRA
related filings. We had no similar expense in the current period. 

 Net Loss 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, our net loss was 13,824 and 27,286, respectively. 

 11 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Our cash balance at December 31, 2022 was
 1,440, with 111,800 in loans payable to related parties. If we experience a shortage of funds in the next twelve months, we may
utilize additional funds from our director, A. Terry Ray, who has agreed to advance funds for operations, however there is no formal commitment,
arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to us. 

 Operating Activities 

 Net cash used in operating activities was
 13,824 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 27,286 used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 Investing Activities 

 We neither generated nor used cash in investing
activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Financing Activities 

 Cash flows provided by financing activities
were 14,300 and 16,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All cash received was from related party loans. 

 We have not yet generated sustained profits
from our operations. Our independent registered public accountants have expressed a going concern opinion. As of December 31, 2022, we had an
accumulated deficit of 144,510. 

 While our current burn rate is nominal, it
is expected that our costs of operations will continue to exceed revenues, primarily due to the costs associated with being a public reporting
company. Based upon our current business plan, we will continue to incur losses in the foreseeable future and there can be no assurances
that we will ever establish profitable operations. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern. 

 Plan of Operation 

 Our auditor has issued a going concern opinion.
This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we raise additional
capital either through the sale of common stock or incurrence of debt. There is no assurance we will ever reach that point. In the meantime, the continuation
of the Company is dependent upon the continued financial support from our shareholders, our ability to obtain necessary equity financing
to continue operations and the attainment of profitable operations. 

 Our plan of operation for the fiscal year
2023 will be on to attempt to raise the capital needed to construct the event center and pursue those companies that would desire to be
a part of the overall concept. However, the Covid-19 Pandemic has had a dramatic effect on the progress of the Company and while the Pandemic
has subsided, the Company has had difficulty in raising needed funds and may have to move in a different direction. 

 We anticipate spending 14,000 on professional
fees, including fees payable for complying with reporting obligations, 2,000 in general administrative costs and 1,500 in working capital.
Total expenditures over the next 12 months are therefore expected to be approximately 17,500. 

 Management intends to keep the Company current
in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and maintain compliance going forward. 
 Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments
and Estimates 

 Refer to Note 2 for a summary of our significant
accounting policies. 

 12 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, we have incurred
net losses of 13,824 and 27,286 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and have an accumulated deficit of 144,510
as of December 31, 2022, which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Management believes the Company will continue
to incur losses and negative cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future and will need additional equity or debt financing
to sustain its operations until it can achieve profitability and positive cash flows, if ever. Management plans to seek additional debt
and/or equity financing for the Company but cannot assure that such financing will be available on acceptable terms. 

 Our current management has agreed to advance
funds to the Company on an as needed basis. Should existing management, stockholders or our affiliates refuse to advance
needed funds, however, we would be forced to turn to outside parties to either lend funds to us or buy our securities. There is no assurance
that we will be able to raise the necessary funds, when needed, from outside sources. Such a lack of funds could result in severe consequences
to us, including among others: 

failure to make timely filings with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which may also result in suspension of trading or quotation of our stock and could result in fines and penalties to us under the Exchange Act; and 

failure to increase sales and income for the Company. 
 
 The Company s continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to ultimately attain profitable operations, generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations,
and obtain additional financing as may be required. Our auditors have included a going concern qualification in their Report
of Independent Certified Public Accountants accompanying our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere herein which cites substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Such a going concern qualification may make it more difficult for
us to raise funds when needed. The outcome of this uncertainty cannot be assured. 

 The accompanying financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There can be no assurance that management will be
successful in implementing its business plan or that the successful implementation of such business plan will actually improve. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

13 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

 Carriage House Event Center, Inc. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (FIRM 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 F-8

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Carriage House Event Center, Inc. 

 Castle Pines, CO 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Carriage House Event Center, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Consideration of the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses and has
no operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

, Utah 

 February 27, 2023 

F-2 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and
 Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Related party
 debt 

Non-current liabilities 

Related party
 debt long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par
 value; shares authorized; shares
 issued and outstanding 

Common stock; 
 par value; shares authorized;
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid in
 capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Total Stockholders Deficit

() 
 
 () 

Total Liabilities and
 Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER,
INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years
 Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Expenses: 

General and administrative

Total operating expenses 

Loss before provision for income taxes 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net Loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted average shares
 outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

in Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020

()

()

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021

()

()

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022

()

()

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years
 Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Net cash used by operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party
 debt 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

() 
 
 Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow
 information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 shares
and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The Company s ability to achieve a level of profitable operations
and/or additional financing impacts the Company s ability to continue as it is presently organized. Management continues to develop
its planned principal operations. Should management be unsuccessful in its operating activities, the Company may substantially curtail
or terminate its operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 The COVID-19 Pandemic has had a dramatic
effect on the wedding business in America and the operations of the Company. The Event Center business has been diminished dramatically
because of rules against gatherings in most cities and states. It has become extremely difficult for the Company to continue with its
proposed business plan and to raise the additional funding to construct the event center as outlined in the Company business plan. 

 Many that have had their reservations at
an event center, sometimes a year in advance, have had to postpone or cancel, usually because of the requirement to limited numbers of
people at gatherings imposed by mayors and governors. The event center business has suffered with these cancellations. So many of the
weddings that are going ahead, are doing so in a situation involving far less guests, and held in such places as a back yard. While weddings
are a major part of the business of an event center, other meetings such as corporate functions have almost all been cancelled. 

 Since our Company is based heavily on an
event center, and thus on meetings of 50 to 1,000 people, the progress of the Company has been dramatically curtailed in a number of ways.
First, in the raising of capital through investors in our public offering and in additional private capital. Second, in advancing our
business plan in a number of areas, including getting the interest of companies that might be interested in participating in our overall
concept. 

While the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided
and allow public meetings. the pandemic has had a dramatic effect on the progress of the Company, and as a result, the 

per annum. 

 The following table summarizes the outstanding notes
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Terayco
 International 

December 31, 2014 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terayco International 

July 15, 2015 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

Terayco
 International 

September 10, 2019 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terry Ray 

November 23, 2020 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

Terry Ray 

September 30, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terry Ray 

December 30, 2021 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

Terry Ray 

February 4, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terry Ray 

March 31, 2022 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

Terry Ray 

June 30, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terry Ray 

August 10, 2022 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

Terry Ray 

November 20, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

Terry Ray 

TOTAL 

111,800 

97,500 

shares of
Common Stock, par value, authorized, with shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

 The holders of Common Stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably
such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore, subject to any preferential
dividend rights of outstanding Preferred Stock, which may be authorized and issued in the future. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts
and other liabilities, and subject further only to the prior rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock which may be authorized and issued
in the future. 

 The holders of Common Stock have no preemptive,
subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are, and the shares offered herein will be, when
issued and paid for, fully paid and non-assessable. Cumulative voting in the election of directors is not permitted and the holders of
a majority of the number of outstanding shares will be in a position to control the election of directors at a general shareholder meeting
and may elect all of the directors standing for election. We have no present intention to pay cash dividends to the holders of Common
Stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have shares of Preferred Stock authorized, none of which have been designated. shares are issued and outstanding. 
 . 

The provision for Federal income tax consists
of the following December 31: 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected
rate of of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

() 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net
operating loss carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. tax benefit
has been reported in the December 31, 2022 or 2021 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance
of the same amount. 

 Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.
Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

 ASC 740, Income Taxes, provides guidance on the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. ASC 740 requires a company to determine whether
it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If
the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the consolidated financial
statements. 

 The Company files income tax returns in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and local jurisdictions. Federal income tax returns prior to fiscal year 2018 are closed. 

 The Company includes interest and penalties
arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

F-11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

 We have had no disagreements 
(as such term is defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with our Accountant on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

 Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded such controls and procedures
to be ineffective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files
or submits under the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's. 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

 Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d- 15 (f) under
the Exchange Act, for the Company. 

 Our internal control over financial reporting
is the process designed by and under the supervision of our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management has evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. 

 Under the supervision and with the participation
of our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and concluded that it is not effective because of the material weakness described below: 

 In connection with the preparation of our
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to resource constraints, material weaknesses became evident to management
regarding our inability to generate all the necessary disclosure for inclusion in our filings with the Securities and Exchanges Commission
due to the lack of resources and segregation of duties. The Company has not established an audit committee and lacks documentation of
its internal control processes. A material weakness is a significant deficiency in one or more of the internal control components that
alone or in the aggregate precludes our internal controls from reducing to an appropriately low level the risk that material misstatements
in our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

 This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by the registrant s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit the registrant to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

25 

Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 During the period ended December
31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We intend to recruit additional professionals, as our business conditions warrant,
to ensure that we include all necessary disclosure in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe that
these corrective steps will enable management to conclude that the internal controls over our financial reporting are effective when the
staff is in place and trained, we cannot provide assurance that these steps will be sufficient. We may be required to expend additional
resources to identify, assess and correct any additional weaknesses in internal control. 

 Important Considerations 

 The effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations,
judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of
human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures
may deteriorate over time. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures
or internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information
known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management. 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

 None. 

 PART III 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Identity of Officers and Directors 

 Our bylaws provide that the number of directors
who shall constitute the whole board shall be such number as the board of directors shall at the time have designated. Each director shall
be selected for a term of one year and until his successor is elected and qualified. Vacancies are filled by a majority vote of the remaining
directors then in office with the successor elected for the unexpired term and until the successor is elected and qualified. 

 The officers and directors are as follows: 

26 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held 
 Since 
 
 A. Terry Ray 
 78 
 President, CEO, CFO, Director
 
 December 2012 

Janel Ray 
 48 
 Secretary 
 March 2018
 
 Alice Terry Ray-President 

 Ms. Ray was appointed President, Chief Executive
Officer, and a director of the Company on December 5, 2012. Ms. Ray has served as the corporate Secretary of a number of public and private
corporations and the Administrative Assistant or Secretary to presidents of several companies for many years. Since 1991, she has served
as a Director and the Secretary of American Business Services, Inc. She has also served a Secretary and Director of VentureVest Capital
Corporation, a venture capital firm in Colorado. From 1995 to January 2004, she was employed as a Senior Administrator for Denver Reserve,
Inc., a premier leader of Health Benefit Administration, located in Littleton, Colorado, engaged in pre-tax benefit plans. Ms. Ray has
served in various administrative positions in her community for many years. Ms. Ray attended the University of Nevada-Las Vegas, majoring
in business administration, from 1963 to 1965. 

 Janel L. Ray, Secretary, Treasurer. 

 Ms. Ray was first elected to serve as Secretary
of the Corporation on June 28, 2010. She resigned that position on December 28, 2015 to pursue other opportunities. On March 4, 2018 she
was again appointed to serve as Secretary, Treasurer of the Company. Ms. Ray served as Secretary and Director of Frontier Digital Media
Group, Inc. a public Company, from September 11, 2011 to May 4, 2018, when she resigned. Over the years she has worked in various positions
of sales, product development, and consulting within those positions. She also had part time employment for catering and event planning
companies in the Denver, Colorado area. She is adept in the Adobe programs Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Premier Pro, and Encore
which are used in the development of videos and commercials. From 2007-2011 Ms. Ray owned and operated a vinyl lettering business in which
she developed the website and all marketing, created and produced the product through digital design, handled sales and finances, and
all customer service. From 1997-1999 Ms. Ray acquired dental knowledge as a dental assistant. Ms. Ray has held various small positions
throughout the past 20 years which have given her experience in customer assistance and service, digital design, and bookkeeping. Mr.
Ray devotes approximately 5 hours per week to our business. 

 Family Relationships 

 Janel Ray, our Secretary, is the daughter
of A. Terry Ray, our President. 

 Term of Office 

 Our directors are appointed for a one-year
term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws.
Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

 Significant Employees 

 We have no significant employees other than
our officers. 

 Director or Officer Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

 During the past five (5) years, none of the
following occurred with respect to one of our present or former directors or executive officers: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by
or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
two (2) years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being
subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found
by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

27 

Director Independence 

 We are not at this time required to have
our board comprised of a majority of independent directors as we are not subject to the listing requirements of any national
securities exchange or association, 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
a company s directors, officers, and stockholders who beneficially own more than 10 of any class of equity securities of the Company
registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (collectively referred to herein as the Reporting Persons ), to file
initial statements of beneficial ownership of securities and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of securities with respect
to the company s equity securities with the SEC. All Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies
of all reports that such Reporting Persons file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a). 

 Based solely on review of the copies of such
forms furnished to Carriage House Event Center's directors have not filed their reports as of the date of this Annual Report. 

 Code of Ethics 

 We have not yet adopted a code of ethics
that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing
similar functions. 

 Corporate Governance 

 There have been no changes in any state law
or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. In addition to having no nominating committee
for this purpose, we currently have no specific audit committee and no audit committee financial expert. Based on the fact that our current
business affairs are simple, any such committees are excessive and beyond the scope of our business and needs. 

 Nominating Committee 

 We have not adopted any procedures by which
security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

 We do not currently have an audit committee
financial expert, nor do we have an audit committee. Our board of directors, which currently consists of Ms. A. Terry Ray handles the
functions that would otherwise be handled by an audit committee. We do not currently have the capital resources to pay director fees to
a qualified independent expert who would be willing to serve on our board and who would be willing to act as an audit committee financial
expert. As our business expands and as we appoint others to our board of directors we expect that we will seek a qualified independent
expert to become a member of our board of directors. Before retaining any such expert our board would make a determination as to whether
such person is independent. 

28 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Summary Compensation Table 

Change in 

Pensions 

Value and 

Nonqualifie 

Non- Equity 

d Deferred 

Name and 

Stock 

Option 

IncentivePlan 

Compensati 

Principal 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

on Earnings 

Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

A. Terry Ray 
 
 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

A. Terry Ray 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Our directors and officers do not have unexercised
options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 

 We do not currently have a stock option plan.
No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have
been made to any executive officer or any director since our inception; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by
any of the officers or directors since inception. 

 We do not have any long-term incentive plans
that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts
under non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant since our inception;
accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered into or exercised by our officer
or director or employees or consultants since inception. 

 To the knowledge of management, during the
past five years, no present or former director, or executive officer of the Company: 

 1. Has
filed a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed
by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years
before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two
years before the time of such filing; 

 2. 
Was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses); 

 3. Was
the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

 i. 
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities,
or as an affiliate person, director or employee of any investment company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

29 

ii. 
Engaging in any type of business practice; 

 iii. 
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal
or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

 4. 
Was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority
barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any such activity. 

 5. Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal
or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

 6. Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal
commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated. 

 Director Compensation 

 We do not currently pay any compensation
to our directors, nor do we pay directors expenses in attending board meetings. 

 Employment Agreements 

 The Company is not a party to any employment
agreements. 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 The following table sets forth, as of December
31, 2022, the number and percentage of our outstanding shares of common stock owned by (i) each person known to us to beneficially own
more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each named executive officer, and (iv) all officers and directors
as a group. Common stock beneficially owned and percentage ownership was based on 4,450,000 shares outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

 Except as otherwise provided, the address
of each such person is the Company s address at 558 Castle Pines Parkway B-4 Suite 140, Castle Pines, Colorado 80108. 

Amount and Nature 

Title of 
 
 Name and Address 

Of Beneficial 

Percent 
 
 Class 
 
 Of Beneficial Owner 

Ownership 

Of Class 

Common 
 
 A. Terry Ray (1) 
11069 E. Kilarea Ave. 180 
Mesa, Arizona 85209 

4,000,000 

89.9 

Common 
 
 Janel Ray 
2730 Celtic 
Dr. Castle Rock, CO 80104 

20,000 

.005 

All Officers and Directors As a Group (2 persons) 

4,020,000 

90 
 
 (1) Officer and Director of our Company. 

30 

Termination of Employment and Change of
Control Arrangement 

 There are no compensatory plans or arrangements,
including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person named in Cash Compensation set out above which would in
any way result in payments to any such person because of his resignation, retirement, or other termination of such person's employment
with the Company or its subsidiaries, or any change in control of the Company, or a change in the person's responsibilities following
a changing in control of the Company. 

 Termination of Employment and Change of
Control Arrangement 

 There are no compensatory plans or arrangements,
including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person named in Cash Compensation set out above which would in
any way result in payments to any such person because of his resignation, retirement, or other termination of such person's employment
with the Company or its subsidiaries, or any change in control of the Company, or a change in the person's responsibilities following
a changing in control of the Company. 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The Company has entered into promissory notes
(each a Note and collectively the Notes with related parties, Terayco Enterprises, LTD. Terayco and A. Terry Ray Terry Ray ). Terayco is a corporation owned by Phillip E. Ray, the husband of A. Terry Ray, and A. Terry
Ray, the principal shareholder of the Company. 

 All notes are interest free until December 31, 2023, after which
time they will bear interest at the rate of 4 per annum. 

 The following table summarizes the outstanding notes
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Issue Date 
 
 Maturity Date 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2012 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

7,000 

7,000 

Terayco
 International 

December 31, 2014 
 
 December 31, 2023 

14,000 

14,000 

Terayco International 

July 15, 2015 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

5,500 

5,500 

Terayco
 International 

September 10, 2019 
 
 December 31, 2023 

33,000 

33,000 

Terry Ray 

November 23, 2020 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

22,000 

22,000 

Terry Ray 

September 30, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2023 

14,000 

14,000 

Terry Ray 

December 30, 2021 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

2,000 

2,000 

Terry Ray 

February 4, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

2,000 

Terry Ray 

March 31, 2022 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

4,300 

Terry Ray 

June 30, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

3,000 

Terry Ray 

August 10, 2022 
 
 December 31,
 2023 

2,500 

Terry Ray 

November 20, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 

2,500 

Terry Ray 

TOTAL 

111,800 

97,500 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

 The following table sets forth fees billed,
or expected to be billed, to the Company by the Company s independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for
(i) services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the Company s quarterly
financial statements; (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees; (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice
and assistance; and (iv) all other services: 

31 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees 
 
 8,500 

12,420 

Audit Related fees 

1,500 

Other fees 

495 

Total Fees 
 
 8,500 

17,215 
 
 PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

 The following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit 

No. 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document(1) 
 
 101.CAL 
 InlineXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.DEF 
 InlineXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.LAB 
 InlineXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document(1) 

Signatures 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Carriage House Event Center Inc. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ A. Terry Ray 

A. Terry, Ray 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Accounting 

Officer and Director 

32 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 chec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 chec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 chec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 chec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 chec-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Carriage House Events Center, Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certification of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, A. Terry Ray , certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ A. Terry Ray 

A. Terry Ray 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and 

Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 chec-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Carriage House Events Center, Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
(Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

 In connection with the Annual Report on Form
10-K of Carriage House Event Center Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), A. Terry Ray, as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ A. Terry Ray 

A. Terry Ray 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Accounting 

Officer and Director 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

