<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1447051_0001558370-23-004109.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23772204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>303657</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2383606</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9759777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3354777</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7163958</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004109.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317161638
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004109
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Territorial Bancorp Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001447051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				264674701
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34403
		FILM NUMBER:		23742804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1003 BISHOP STREET
		STREET 2:		PAUAHI TOWER SUITE 500
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		808-946-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 1481
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004109.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 tbnk-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number including area code) Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Securities Registered Under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided persuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No The aggregate value of the voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant s shares of common stock as of June 30, 2022 20.85) was million. As of February 28, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. FORM 10-K INDEX 

PART I ITEM 1. Business 2 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 16 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 ITEM 2. Properties 28 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 28 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 29 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 53 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 53 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 100 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 100 ITEM 9B. Other Information 100 ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 100 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 101 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 101 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 101 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 101 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 101 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 102 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 105 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect, will, may and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. Except as may be required by law, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: risks, uncertainties and other factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the length of time that the pandemic continues, the imposition of any restrictions on individual or business activities the severity and duration of the effect of the pandemic on the general economy and on the businesses of our borrowers and their ability to make payments on their obligations; the remedial actions and stimulus measures adopted by federal, state and local governments, including the effects of any vaccine mandate; and the inability of employees to work due to illness, quarantine, or government mandates; general economic conditions, internationally, nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; competition among depository and other financial institutions; inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; adverse changes in the securities or credit markets; changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; changes in monetary or fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board; our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; our ability to successfully integrate acquired entities, if any; changes in consumer demand, spending, borrowing and savings habits; changes in accounting and auditing policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; the timing and amount of revenues that we may recognize; the value and marketability of collateral underlying our loan portfolios; our ability to retain key employees; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 cyber attacks, computer viruses and other technological risks that may breach the security of our websites or other systems to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data or disable our systems; technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; the ability of third-party providers to perform their obligations to us; the ability of the U.S. Government to manage federal debt limits; the effects of any federal government shutdown; the quality and composition of our investment portfolio; changes in market and other conditions that would affect our ability to repurchase our common stock; changes in our financial condition or results of operations that reduce capital available to pay dividends; the effects of climate change and societal, investor and governmental responses to climate change; the effects of social and governance change and societal and investor sentiment and governmental responses to social and governance matters; the effects of domestic and international hostilities, including terrorism; and changes in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. Please also see Item 1A. Risk Factors. PART I ITEM 1. Busines s Territorial Bancorp Inc. Territorial Bancorp Inc. (the Company) is a Maryland corporation and owns 100 of the outstanding common stock of Territorial Savings Bank (the Bank). In 2009, we completed our initial public offering of common stock in connection with the mutual-to-stock conversion of Territorial Mutual Holding Company. Since the completion of our initial public offering, we have not engaged in any significant business activity other than owning the common stock of and having savings deposits in Territorial Savings Bank, paying dividends and repurchasing shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2022, we had consolidated assets of 2.2 billion, consolidated deposits of 1.7 billion and consolidated stockholders equity of 256.6 million. Our executive offices are located at 1003 Bishop Street, Pauahi Tower Suite 500, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813. Our telephone number at this address is (808) 946-1400. Territorial Savings Bank Territorial Savings Bank is a Hawaii state-chartered savings bank headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. Territorial Savings Bank was organized in 1921, and reorganized into the mutual holding company structure in 2002. Territorial Savings Bank is currently the wholly-owned subsidiary of Territorial Bancorp Inc. In 2014, Territorial Savings Bank converted from a federal savings bank to a Hawaii state-chartered savings bank and became a member of the Federal Reserve System. We provide financial services to individuals, families and businesses through our 29 banking offices located throughout the State of Hawaii. Territorial Savings Bank s executive offices are located at 1003 Bishop Street, Pauahi Tower Suite 500, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813. Our telephone number at this address is (808) 946-1400. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information Territorial Bancorp Inc. is a public company, and files current, quarterly and annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports and any amendments to these reports are available for free on our website, www.territorialsavings.net as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information on our website should not be considered a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC (http://www.sec.gov). General Territorial Savings Bank s business consists primarily of accepting deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans and investment securities. To a much lesser extent, we also originate home equity loans and lines of credit, construction, commercial and other nonresidential real estate loans, consumer loans, multi-family mortgage loans and other loans. Territorial Savings Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts, including passbook and statement savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, commercial and regular checking accounts and Super NOW accounts. Through our subsidiary, Territorial Financial Services, Inc., we engage in insurance agency activities. We also offer various non-deposit investments to our customers, including annuities and mutual funds, through a third-party broker-dealer. Market Area We conduct business from our corporate offices and from our 29 full-service branch offices located throughout the State of Hawaii. In 2020, the State of Hawaii imposed restrictions on travel, businesses and activities to help mitigate the spread and lessen the public health impact of the COVID-19 virus in Hawaii and the state s unemployment rate suffered as a result of these restrictions. The state s unemployment rate initially rose from 2.2 in March 2020 to 22.4 in April 2020. Travel restrictions were reduced in 2021, primarily due to vaccination of residents and visitors, resulting in an increase in visitor arrivals and a decline in the state s unemployment rate to 3.2 in December 2022. The largest sector of Hawaii s economy is the visitor industry. Hawaii s visitor industry was severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as the number of visitors to the state declined dramatically, airlines cut the number of flights to Hawaii and many businesses, such as hotels and restaurants, saw temporary or permanent closures due to COVID-19 restrictions imposed by the state. Visitor arrivals to Hawaii have almost fully recovered in 2022. The Hawaii Tourism Authority reported that total visitors were 9.2 million for 2022, an 11.0 decrease, compared to 10.4 million for 2019, the year prior to the pandemic. Total visitor spending for 2022 totaled 19.3 billion, an 8.9 increase, compared to 17.7 billion in 2019, the year prior to the pandemic. Most of the visitors to the state in 2022 were from the continental United States and very few international visitors came to Hawaii due to travel restrictions in their home country. Public sector construction projects continue to provide large scale projects such as renovations and expansions of airports, roads and public utilities, including the Honolulu rail project. Local leaders are proposing to increase spending on public works construction projects to help offset the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the state s economy. Private sector construction projects include several hotels, condominiums and two master planned residential subdivisions on Oahu. Residential construction is expected to continue to grow because of the strong demand for homes. Federal spending is the second largest contributor to Hawaii s economy and accounts for 8.5 of the state s gross domestic product. In December 2022, President Biden signed a 1.7 trillion congressional omnibus spending bill that allotted billions of dollars to support military infrastructure and diplomatic initiatives in Hawaii. Some of the projects include 111.0 million for new company operations on Schofield Barracks, 103.0 million for upgrading missile storage at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, 97.9 million for new barracks on Marine Corps Base Hawaii and 29.0 million for an Army National Guard Readiness Center in Kapolei. Hawaii will continue to play a major role in any 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 future plans the military has because of its central location in the Pacific region and emerging threats to national defense from North Korea and China. The number of single-family homes sold on the island of Oahu, the primary real estate market in Hawaii, totaled 3,474 units in 2022, a decrease of 23.2 compared to sales in 2021. The median price paid on Oahu for a single-family home in 2022 was 1,105,000, an increase of 11.6 compared to the median price in 2021. The number of condominium sales, a notable portion of the overall housing market, totaled 6,353 units in 2022, a decrease of 11.8 compared to sales in 2021. The median price paid on Oahu for condominiums in 2022 was 510,000, an increase of 7.4 compared to the median price in 2021. In Maui County, the second largest real estate market in Hawaii, sales of existing single-family homes totaled 1,023 units in 2022, a 25.8 decrease compared to the number of units sold in 2021. The median price paid for a single-family home in Maui County in 2022 was 1,105,000, an increase of 11.1 compared to the median price in 2021. The number of condominium sales totaled 1,519 units in 2022, a decrease of 34.4 compared to the number of units sold in 2021. The median price paid in Maui County for condominiums in 2022 was 775,000, a 19.2 increase compared to the median price in 2021. The median price of single-family homes and condominium prices on Oahu and in Maui County continued to rise in 2022 because of the strong demand for housing. Competition We face intense competition in our market area both in making loans and attracting deposits. We compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, Fintech, mutual funds, insurance companies and investment banking firms. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business, and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. Our deposit sources are primarily concentrated in the communities surrounding our banking offices, located in all four counties in the State of Hawaii. As of June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is publicly available), we ranked fifth in FDIC-insured deposit market share in the State of Hawaii (out of 13 banks and thrift institutions with offices in Hawaii), with a 2.9 market share. As of that date, our largest market share was in the County of Hawaii, where we ranked fifth in deposit market share (out of eight banks and thrift institutions with offices in the County) with a 4.6 market share. Lending Activities Our primary lending activity is the origination of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. To a much lesser extent, we also originate home equity loans and lines of credit, construction, commercial and other nonresidential real estate loans, consumer loans, multi-family mortgage loans and commercial business loans. One- to Four-Family Residential Mortgage Loans. At December 31, 2022, 1.3 billion, or 96.5 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. We offer conforming, fixed-rate and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans with maturities generally up to 30 years. There has been little demand for adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our market area. One- to four-family residential mortgage loans are generally underwritten according to Freddie Mac guidelines, and we refer to loans that conform to such guidelines as conforming loans. We generally originate both fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which was 970,800 for single-family homes located in the State of Hawaii for 2022. We also originate loans above this amount, which are referred to as jumbo loans. We generally originate fixed-rate jumbo loans with terms of up to 30 years. We have not originated significant amounts of adjustable-rate jumbo loans in recent years due to customer preference for fixed-rate loans in our market area. We generally underwrite jumbo loans in a manner similar to conforming loans. Jumbo loans are not uncommon in our market area. We may originate loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80 , up to and including a loan-to-value ratio of 100 . We generally require private mortgage insurance for loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 2.3 million of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans with 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80 . We offer a variety of credit programs for low- to moderate-income and first-time home purchasers. These include our first time home purchaser program, where the borrower will receive up to a 50 basis point reduction in points charged in connection with the loan. We also originate first mortgage loans to lower-income individuals who reside in rural census tracts where the U.S. Department of Agriculture will issue a second mortgage and complete the underwriting of the loan, subject to our review before origination. We also offer both Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and Veterans Administration (VA) fixed-rate loans. Other than our loans for the construction of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans (described under Nonresidential Real Estate Loans ), we currently do not originate new interest only mortgage loans on one- to four-family residential properties (where the borrower pays interest for an initial period, after which the loan converts to a fully amortizing loan). We also do not offer loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as Option ARM loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on their loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. We do not offer subprime loans (loans that generally target borrowers with weakened credit histories typically characterized by payment delinquencies, previous charge-offs, judgments, bankruptcies, or borrowers with questionable repayment capacity as evidenced by low credit scores or high debt-burden ratios) or Alt-A loans (traditionally defined as nonconforming loans having less than full documentation). Nonresidential Real Estate Loans. Our nonresidential real estate loans consist primarily of commercial real estate loans and construction loans for residential real estate projects. These loans totaled 23.9 million, or 1.8 of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The commercial real estate properties primarily include owner-occupied light industrial properties. We generally seek to originate commercial real estate loans with initial principal balances of 1.0 million or less. Loans secured by commercial real estate totaled 9.0 million, or 0.7 , of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, and consisted of ten loans outstanding with an average loan balance of approximately 899,000. All of our nonresidential real estate loans are secured by properties located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2022, our largest commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 2.7 million and was secured by real property and improvements utilized as an office building. During the COVID-19 pandemic, this loan was modified to allow for the deferral of six months of interest to the maturity date of the loan in 2030. This loan was performing in accordance with its modified loan terms at December 31, 2022. Commercial real estate loans generally carry higher interest rates and have shorter terms than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Commercial real estate loans, however, entail greater credit risks compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, as they typically involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, the payment of loans secured by income-producing properties typically depends, in large part, on sufficient income from the property to cover operating expenses and debt service. Changes in economic conditions that are not in the control of the borrower or lender could affect the value of the collateral for the loan or the future cash flow of the property. Additionally, any decline in real estate values may be more pronounced for commercial real estate than for residential properties. We also originate a limited amount of construction loans to experienced developers, almost exclusively for the construction of residential real estate projects. Construction loans are also made to individuals for the construction of their personal residences. Construction loans to individuals are generally interest-only loans during the construction period, and convert to permanent, amortizing loans following the completion of construction. At December 31, 2022, construction loans totaled 11.6 million, or 0.9 of total loans receivable. At December 31, 2022, the additional unadvanced portion of these construction loans totaled 1.7 million. Construction financing generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost is inaccurate, we may be required to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project is inaccurate, the borrower may hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment of the construction loan upon the sale of the property. In the event we make a land acquisition loan on property that is not yet approved for the planned development, there is the risk that approvals will not be granted or will be delayed. We currently do not have any land acquisition development and construction loans. Construction loans also 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 expose us to the risk that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with specifications and projected costs. In addition, the ultimate sale or rental of the property may not occur as anticipated. Loan Originations, Purchases, Sales and Servicing. All mortgage loans that we originate are underwritten pursuant to our policies and procedures, which incorporate standard Freddie Mac underwriting guidelines. We originate both adjustable-rate and fixed-rate loans. However, in our market area, customer demand is primarily for fixed-rate loans. Our loan origination and sales activity may be adversely affected by a rising interest rate environment that typically results in decreased loan demand. Most of our one- to four-family residential mortgage loan originations are generated by our branch managers and employees located in our banking offices and our additional commissioned loan officers located in our corporate headquarters. We also advertise throughout our market area. We also receive loans from mortgage brokers, mortgage bankers and other financial institutions that work with our staff to process and close these loans. We underwrite and approve all of these loans. We also obtain mortgage loan applications and refer these applications to other financial institutions and mortgage bankers for a fee. Mortgage loan applications are referred to other financial institutions and mortgage bankers because these companies may not require a full-appraisal of the property being mortgaged as we do, may offer better loan terms and may be able to close the loan faster. In addition, we may decide to refer the loan application to another company because we do not want to add a loan with the applicable type of credit quality or collateral to our loan portfolio. In 2022, we referred 21.7 million of mortgage loans to other financial institutions and mortgage bankers and received fees of 153,000. We sell loans to assist us in managing interest rate risk. We sold residential mortgage loans held for sale (all fixed-rate loans, with terms of 10 years or longer) with principal balances of 5.4 million and 36.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had no loans classified as held for sale at December 31, 2022 or 2021. We sell our loans without recourse, except for normal representations and warranties provided in sales transactions. We primarily sell loans on a servicing released basis where servicing is transferred to a third party at the time the loan is sold. At December 31, 2022, we were servicing loans owned by others with a principal balance of 36.0 million. Loan servicing includes collecting and remitting loan payments, accounting for principal and interest, contacting delinquent borrowers, supervising foreclosures and property dispositions in the event of unremedied defaults, making certain insurance and tax payments on behalf of the borrowers and generally administering the loans. We retain a portion of the interest paid by the borrower on the loans we service as consideration for our servicing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received servicing fees of 101,000. At December 31, 2022, substantially all of the loans serviced for Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae were performing in accordance with their contractual terms and we believe that there are no material repurchase obligations associated with these loans. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority . Our lending activities follow written, nondiscriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our Board of Directors. The loan approval process is intended to assess the borrower s ability to repay the loan and value of the property that will secure the loan. To assess the borrower s ability to repay, we review the borrower s employment and credit history and information on the historical and projected income and expenses of the borrower. Our policies and loan approval limits are established by the Board of Directors. Aggregate lending relationships in amounts up to 5.0 million can be approved by designated individual officers or officers acting together with specific lending approval authority. Relationships in excess of 5.0 million require the approval of the Loan Committee of the Board of Directors. Territorial Savings Bank also uses automated systems to underwrite one- to four-family residential mortgage loans up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which was 970,800 in the State of Hawaii for 2022. We generally require appraisals of all real property securing one- to four-family residential real estate loans, and on property securing home equity loans and lines of credit. All appraisers are licensed appraisers and all third-party appraisers are approved by the Board of Directors annually. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Investments Our Board of Directors has primary responsibility for establishing and overseeing our investment policy. The Board of Directors has delegated authority to implement the investment policy to our Investment Committee, consisting of our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Operating Officer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and our Vice President and Senior Treasury Analyst. The investment policy is reviewed at least annually by the Investment Committee, and any changes to the policy are subject to approval by the full Board of Directors. The overall objectives of the investment policy are to maintain a portfolio of high quality and diversified investments to maximize interest income over the long term and to minimize risk, to provide collateral for borrowings, to provide additional earnings when loan production is low, and to reduce our tax liability. The policy dictates that investment decisions give consideration to the safety of principal, liquidity requirements and potential returns. Our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer executes our securities portfolio transactions as directed by the Investment Committee. All purchase and sale transactions are reported to the Board of Directors on a monthly basis. Our current investment policy permits investments in securities issued by the United States Government as well as mortgage-backed securities and direct obligations of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. The investment policy also permits, with certain limitations, investments in certificates of deposit, bank-owned life insurance, collateralized mortgage obligations, municipal securities and stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB). We purchase stock in the FHLB in order to obtain services such as demand deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, security safekeeping services and borrowings in the form of advances. As a member of the Federal Reserve System, we are required to hold stock in the FRB. Our current policies do not permit hedging activities, such as engaging in futures, options or swap transactions, or investing in high-risk mortgage derivatives, such as collateralized mortgage obligation residual interests, real estate mortgage investment conduit residual interests or stripped mortgage-backed securities. As of December 31, 2022, we held no asset-backed securities other than mortgage-backed securities. As a state savings bank, Territorial Savings Bank is not permitted to invest in equity securities. This general restriction does not apply to Territorial Bancorp Inc. The Investments Debt and Equity Securities topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (FASB ASC) requires that, at the time of purchase, we designate a security as either held-to-maturity, available-for-sale, or trading, based upon our ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. Securities in the available-for-sale and trading classifications are reported at fair market value and securities in the held-to-maturity classification are reported at amortized cost. A periodic review and evaluation of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities portfolios is conducted to determine if the fair market value of any security has declined below its carrying value and whether such decline is other-than-temporary. If we do not have the intent to sell a security and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security, impairment occurs when the present value of the remaining cash flows is less than the remaining amortized cost basis. The difference between the present value of remaining cash flows and the remaining amortized cost basis is considered a credit loss. If a credit loss has occurred, impairment is recorded by writing down the value of a security to the present value of remaining cash flows as a charge to earnings. The difference between the book value of the security after the write down and the fair market value is considered other comprehensive loss, which is a reduction of stockholders equity. Our investment securities at December 31, 2022 consisted of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 717.8 million and 20.8 million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, all of our mortgage-backed securities were issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. At December 31, 2022, none of the collateral underlying our securities portfolio was considered subprime or Alt-A, and we did not hold any common or preferred stock issued by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae as of that date. The fair values of our securities are usually based on published or securities dealers market values. Mortgage-backed securities are securities issued in the secondary market that are collateralized by pools of mortgages. Certain types of mortgage-backed securities are commonly referred to as pass-through certificates because the principal and interest of the underlying loans is passed through to investors, net of certain costs, including servicing and guarantee fees. Mortgage-backed securities typically are collateralized by pools of one- to four-family or multi-family mortgages. We invest primarily in mortgage-backed securities backed by one- to four-family mortgages. The 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 interest rate of the security is lower than the interest rates of the underlying loans to allow for payment of servicing and guarantee fees. Ginnie Mae, a United States Government agency, and government-sponsored enterprises, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, either guarantee the payments or guarantee the timely payment of principal and interest to investors. Mortgage-backed securities are more liquid than individual mortgage loans since there is an active trading market for such securities. In addition, mortgage-backed securities may be used to collateralize public deposits and borrowings. Investments in mortgage-backed securities involve a risk that actual payments will be greater or less than the prepayment rate estimated at the time of purchase, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such interests, thereby affecting the net yield on our securities. Sources of Funds General. Deposits traditionally have been our primary source of funds for our investment and lending activities. We also borrow from the FHLB and from securities dealers through securities sold under agreements to repurchase to supplement cash flow needs, to lengthen the maturities of liabilities for interest rate risk management purposes and to manage our cost of funds. Our additional sources of funds are loan and security repayments, maturing investments, retained earnings, income on other earning assets and the proceeds of loan and security sales. Deposits. At December 31, 2022, deposits totaled 1.7 billion, or 89.7 of total liabilities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. Our deposit accounts consist of passbook and statement savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, commercial and regular checking accounts and Super NOW accounts. Historically, we have not accepted brokered deposits. We accept deposits primarily from the areas in which our offices are located. We rely on our competitive pricing and products, convenient locations and quality customer service to attract and retain deposits. Interest rates paid, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies, market interest rates, liquidity requirements and our deposit growth goals. Borrowings. Our borrowings consist of advances from the FHLB and funds borrowed from securities sold under agreements to repurchase. At December 31, 2022, our FHLB advances totaled 141.0 million, or 7.4 of total liabilities, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaled 10.0 million, or 0.5 of total liabilities. At December 31, 2022, we had access to additional FHLB advances of up to 769.1 million. Advances from the FHLB are secured by our investment in the common stock of the FHLB as well as by a blanket pledge on our assets not otherwise pledged. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by mortgage-backed securities. Subsidiary Activities Territorial Savings Bank owns 100 of the common stock of Territorial Financial Services, Inc., a Hawaii corporation that is authorized to engage in insurance activities. At December 31, 2022, Territorial Savings Bank s investment in Territorial Financial Services, Inc. was 12,000, and Territorial Financial Services, Inc. had assets of 75,000 at that date. During 2021, another subsidiary, Territorial Real Estate Co., Inc. was dissolved. Territorial Real Estate Co., Inc. was an inactive Hawaii corporation that was authorized to manage and dispose of problem real estate. Personnel As of December 31, 2022, we had 253 full-time employees and eight part-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that we have a good working relationship with our employees. We view our employees as our most important asset. We recognize that our success depends on training and developing our employees. We provide job training and personal development opportunities by offering classes which can be attended online or in person. We provide a competitive compensation and benefits program to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs include an employee stock ownership plan, a 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 benefits, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave and an employee assistance program. These programs may also include annual bonuses and a 401(k) Plan employer matching and annual contributions. The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. The COVID-19 pandemic presented a unique challenge with regard to maintaining customer and employee safety while continuing successful operations. During the pandemic, we implemented safety measures at our 29 branch offices and corporate headquarters that encouraged maintaining social-distancing, and where possible, we allowed some employees to work from home. FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION Federal Taxation General. Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Territorial Savings Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize material federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Territorial Savings Bank. Federal Tax. Territorial Bancorp Inc. is subject to a federal tax rate of 21.00 on its pre-tax income. Method of Accounting . For federal income tax purposes, Territorial Bancorp Inc. currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31st for filing its consolidated federal income tax returns. Net Operating Loss Carryovers. For net operating losses generated beginning January 1, 2021, there are no carry backs allowed. Net operating losses can be carried forward for an unlimited period until the loss is fully recovered. Net operating losses can be used to reduce the current year s taxable income by 80 . At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes. Corporate Dividends. We may exclude from our income 100 of dividends received from Territorial Savings Bank as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. Audit of Tax Returns. Territorial Bancorp Inc. s 2011 federal income tax return was audited in 2013. The audit did not result in any material changes to the federal income tax return. Tax years 2019 to 2021 currently remain subject to examination by the IRS. Stock Repurchases. As a result of the Inflation Reduction Act, which was signed into law in August 2022, publicly traded corporations like Territorial Bancorp Inc. are subject to a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. State Taxation Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Territorial Savings Bank are subject to a franchise tax imposed under Hawaii law at a rate of 7.92 of pre-tax income. The pre-tax income to which the tax rate is applied is determined in a manner consistent with the taxable income determined for federal purposes with some adjustments. The principal adjustment to federal taxable income is the inclusion of interest received on municipal bonds in gross income for Hawaii franchise tax purposes and the exclusion of dividends received on Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock. Territorial Bancorp Inc. s state franchise tax returns have not been audited in the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. Tax years 2019 to 2021 currently remain subject to examination by the Department of Taxation of the State of Hawaii. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION General Territorial Savings Bank is a Hawaii state-chartered savings bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System. Accordingly, Territorial Savings Bank is examined and supervised by, and subject to the enforcement authority of, the Hawaii Division of Financial Institutions, as its primary state regulator, and by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve Board, as its primary federal regulator. Territorial Savings Bank is also subject to examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, its deposit insurer, under certain circumstances. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s Deposit Insurance Fund and depositors, and not for the protection of security holders. Under this system of state and federal regulation, financial institutions are periodically examined to ensure that they satisfy applicable standards with respect to their capital adequacy, assets, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market interest rates. The Hawaii Division of Financial Institutions and the Federal Reserve Board examine Territorial Savings Bank and prepare reports for the consideration of the Bank s Board of Directors on any operating deficiencies. Territorial Savings Bank s relationship with its depositors and borrowers also is regulated to a great extent by federal law and, to a much lesser extent, state law, especially in matters concerning the ownership of deposit accounts and the form and content of Territorial Savings Bank s loan documents. Any change in these laws or regulations, whether by the Hawaii Division of Financial Institutions, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on Territorial Bancorp Inc., Territorial Savings Bank and their operations. Territorial Bancorp Inc. maintained its status as a savings and loan holding company in connection with Territorial Savings Bank s 2014 conversion from a federal to a Hawaii savings bank charter. Accordingly, Territorial Bancorp Inc. is required to file certain reports with, is subject to examination by, and otherwise must comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. Territorial Bancorp Inc. is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Certain regulatory requirements that are applicable to Territorial Savings Bank and Territorial Bancorp Inc. are described below. This description of statutes and regulations is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Territorial Savings Bank and Territorial Bancorp Inc. and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations. Federal Banking Regulation Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require that federally insured depository institutions meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8 , and a 4 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. The current capital requirements were effective January 1, 2015 and are the result of a final rule implementing recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BASEL III) and certain requirements of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act). In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income, up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Territorial Savings Bank has chosen not to make an opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, the Federal Reserve Board takes into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, Territorial Savings Bank s regulatory capital exceeded that required by the capital requirements. Legislation enacted in May 2018 required federal banking agencies to establish a community bank leverage ratio of between 8 to 10 of average total consolidated assets for qualifying institutions with assets of less than 10 billion. Institutions with capital meeting the specified requirements and electing to follow the alternative framework are deemed to comply with the applicable regulatory capital requirements, including the risk based requirements, and are considered well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework discussed below. A qualifying institution may opt in and out of the community bank leverage ratio on its quarterly call report. Territorial Savings Bank did not opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. The federal regulators issued a final rule that set the optional community bank leverage ratio at 9 , commencing the first quarter of 2020. Pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020, the community bank leverage ratio was temporarily lowered to 8 in April 2020 and was increased to 8.5 for 2021 and 9 thereafter. Prompt Corrective Action Regulations . Under prompt corrective action regulations, the Federal Reserve Board is authorized and, under certain circumstances, required to take supervisory actions against undercapitalized member banks. The extent of supervisory action depends upon the degree of the institution s undercapitalization. For this purpose, a member bank is placed in one of the following five categories based on the bank s capital: well-capitalized (at least 5 leverage capital, 8 Tier 1 risk-based capital, 10 total risk-based capital and 6.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital); adequately capitalized (at least 4 leverage capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital, 8 total risk-based capital and 4.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital); undercapitalized (less than 4 leverage capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital, 8 total risk-based capital or 4.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital); significantly undercapitalized (less than 3 leverage capital, 4 Tier 1 risk-based capital, 6 total risk-based capital or 3 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital); and critically undercapitalized (equal to or less than 2 tangible capital). At December 31, 2022, Territorial Savings Bank met the criteria for being considered well-capitalized. Capital Distributions. Federal Reserve member banks must receive the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to pay dividends: (i) if the total amount of all dividends declared during the calendar year (including the proposed dividend) exceeds the sum of the bank s net income during the calendar year and retained net income of the prior two 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 calendar years or (ii) in an amount that would exceed the bank s undivided profits. Even if an application is not otherwise required, every savings bank that is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company must file a notice with the Federal Reserve Board at least 30 days before the Board of Directors declares a dividend. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove a notice or application if: the savings bank would be undercapitalized following the distribution; the proposed dividend raises safety and soundness concerns; or the dividend would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation with a federal banking regulatory agency or any formal or informal enforcement action. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that an insured depository institution shall not make any capital distribution if, after making such distribution, the institution would be undercapitalized within the meaning of the prompt corrective action regulations. Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) and Fair Lending Laws. All institutions with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation deposit insurance have a responsibility under the CRA and related federal regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income borrowers. In connection with its examination of a state member bank, the Federal Reserve Board is required to assess the savings bank s record of compliance with the CRA. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. A savings bank s failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications such as branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the Federal Reserve Board, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. The CRA requires all Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured institutions to publicly disclose their rating. On May 5, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation released a notice of proposed rulemaking to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulations and framework. Territorial Savings Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating in its most recent federal examination. Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Territorial Savings Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Deposit insurance per account owner is 250,000. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation charges insured depository institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s risk-based assessment system, institutions deemed less risky pay lower assessments. Assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of failure within three years. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has authority to increase insurance assessments and adopted a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by two basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of Territorial Savings Bank s size range from 2.5 to 42 basis points. Any significant future increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. Federal Home Loan Bank System. Territorial Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of eleven regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLB System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the FHLB of Des Moines, Territorial Savings Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, Territorial Savings Bank held 8.2 million of capital stock in the FHLB of Des Moines and was in compliance with this requirement. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaii Banking Regulation Authority granted by Hawaii laws includes accepting and holding deposits, borrowing from any source, making loans and extensions of credit of any kind, investing in service corporation subsidiaries engaged in activities permissible for service corporations of federal savings banks and engaging in other activities that are usual or incidental to the business of a savings bank. Hawaii law requires that at least 50 of a savings bank s loans and extensions of credit be secured by real estate. In addition, certain commercial loans are limited to 15 of the savings bank s assets and education loans are limited to 10 of assets. Federal law may limit some of the authority provided to Hawaii savings banks by Hawaii law. Hawaii law generally limits a savings bank s capital distributions to the amount of its retained earnings. Hawaii has a parity statute, which provides Hawaii savings banks with authority to engage in any activity permitted by federal law for federal savings banks, upon receiving the approval of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions. Territorial Savings Bank received such approval when it converted from a federal savings bank to a Hawaii savings bank. Other Regulations Territorial Savings Bank s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one- to four-family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; fair lending laws; Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices laws and regulations; Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; Truth in Savings Act; and rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The operations of Territorial Savings Bank are further subject to the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; USA PATRIOT Act, which requires financial institutions to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to opt out of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. Holding Company Regulation General . Territorial Bancorp Inc. is a nondiversified savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the Home Owners Loan Act. As such, Territorial Bancorp Inc. is registered with the Federal Reserve Board and subject to Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision and reporting requirements. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over Territorial Bancorp Inc. and its subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary savings institution. Permissible Activities. The business activities of savings and loan holding companies are generally limited to those activities permissible for bank holding companies under Section 4(c)(8) of the Bank Holding Company Act, subject to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, and certain additional activities authorized by Federal Reserve Board regulations, unless the holding company has elected financial holding company status. A financial holding company may engage in activities that are financial in nature, including underwriting equity securities and insurance as well as activities that are incidental to financial activities or complementary to a financial activity. Territorial Bancorp Inc. has not elected financial holding company status. Federal law generally prohibits the acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting stock of a company engaged in impermissible activities. Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding company, including Territorial Bancorp Inc., from directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries, acquiring more than 5 of another savings institution or holding company thereof, without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings institutions, the Federal Reserve Board must consider, among other factors, the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the federal deposit insurance fund, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. Capital. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary depository institutions apply to savings and loan holding companies. However, consolidated assets of 3 billion is the threshold of 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 the small holding company exception to the applicability of consolidated holding company capital requirements. Consequently, holding companies with less than 3 billion of consolidated assets, including Territorial Bancorp, Inc., are generally not subject to the requirements unless otherwise advised by the Federal Reserve Board. Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank Act also extended the source of strength doctrine to savings and loan holding companies. The Federal Reserve Board has issued regulations requiring that all bank and savings and loan holding companies serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. Dividends and Stock Repurchases. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares of common stock by bank and savings and loan holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Regulatory guidance provides for prior regulatory review of capital distributions in certain circumstances, such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or where the company s overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The guidance also provides for prior consultation with supervisory staff for material increases in the amount of a company s common stock dividend. The ability of a holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. The Federal Reserve Board policy statement also provides for regulatory review prior to a holding company redeeming or repurchasing regulatory capital instruments when the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock that would result in a net reduction in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding as of the end of a quarter compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of Territorial Bancorp Inc. to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Qualified Thrift Lender Test Territorial Bancorp Inc. maintained its status as a savings and loan holding company in connection with Territorial Savings Bank s 2014 conversion from a federal to a Hawaii savings bank charter. In order for Territorial Bancorp Inc. to remain regulated as a savings and loan holding company (rather than a bank holding company), Territorial Savings Bank is required to continue to satisfy the same qualified thrift lender (QTL) test that was applicable to it as a federal savings bank. The QTL test requires Territorial Savings Bank to either qualify as a domestic building and loan association, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, or maintain at least 65 of portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments, primarily residential mortgages and related investments, including mortgage-backed and related securities. Territorial Savings Bank was in compliance with the QTL test at December 31, 2022. Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of a savings and loan holding company such as the Company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. Control, as defined under the Change in Bank Control Act, means ownership, control of or power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting stock. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a savings and loan holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under the regulations under certain circumstances including where, as is the case with Territorial Bancorp Inc., the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Federal Securities Laws Territorial Bancorp Inc. s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Territorial Bancorp Inc. is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Territorial Bancorp Inc. common stock held by persons who are affiliates (generally officers, directors and principal shareholders) of Territorial Bancorp Inc. may not be resold without registration unless sold in accordance with certain resale restrictions. If Territorial Bancorp Inc. meets specified current public information requirements, each affiliate of Territorial Bancorp Inc. is able to sell in the public market, without registration, a limited number of shares in any three-month period. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to ensure compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related regulations. ITEM 1A. Risk Factor s Risks Related to Market Interest Rates The reversal of the historically low interest rate environment may adversely affect our net interest income and profitability. The Federal Reserve Board decreased benchmark interest rates significantly, to near zero, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Federal Reserve Board has reversed its policy of near zero interest rates given its concerns over inflation. Market interest rates have risen in response to the Federal Reserve Board s recent rate increases. As discussed below, the increase in market interest rates is expected to have an adverse effect on our net interest income and profitability. Future changes in interest rates could reduce our profits. Our ability to make a profit largely depends on our net interest income, which could be negatively affected by changes in interest rates. Net interest income is the difference between: the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities; and the interest expense we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. As a result of our focus on one- to four-family residential real estate loans and the low demand for adjustable-rate loans in our market area, the interest rates we earn on our loans are generally fixed for long periods of time. Additionally, many of our securities investments are of long maturities with fixed interest rates. Like many savings institutions, our focus on deposit accounts as a source of funds, which have no stated maturity date or shorter contractual maturities than loans, results in our liabilities having a shorter duration than our assets. For example, as of December 31, 2022, 94.4 of our loans had maturities of 15 years or longer, while 83.1 of our certificates of deposits had maturities of one year or less. This imbalance can create significant earnings volatility, because market interest rates change over time. In a period of rising interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets, such as loans and investments, likely will not increase as rapidly as the interest paid on our liabilities, such as deposits. Furthermore, our loan origination and sales activity may be adversely affected by a rising interest rate environment that typically results in decreased loan demand. In a period of declining interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets likely will decrease more rapidly than the interest paid on our liabilities, as borrowers prepay mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, thereby requiring us to reinvest these cash flows at lower interest rates. In addition, changes in interest rates can affect the average life of loans and mortgage-backed and related securities and the fair value of mortgage servicing assets. A reduction in interest rates results in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed and related securities, as borrowers refinance their loans in order to reduce their borrowing costs. This creates reinvestment risk, which is the risk that we may not be able to reinvest prepayments at 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 rates that are comparable to the rates we earned on the prepaid loans or securities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable-rate loans. Potential reduction, or impairment, to the fair value of mortgage servicing assets generally occurs as market interest rates decline. Alternatively, an increase in market interest rates generally causes an increase in the fair value of mortgage servicing assets. Changes in interest rates also affect the current fair value of our interest-earning securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our investment in held-to-maturity securities totaled 591.1 million. Net unrealized losses on these securities totaled 126.7 million at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred other comprehensive losses of 2.0 million related to net changes in unrealized holding losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. At December 31, 2022, our rate shock analysis indicated that our economic value of equity (the difference between the market value of our assets and the market value of our liabilities with adjustments made for off-balance sheet items) would decrease by 96.5 million if there was an instantaneous 200 basis point increase in market interest rates. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management of Market Risk. Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the federal funds and discount rates and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. Risks Related to Economic Conditions A worsening of economic conditions in our market area could reduce demand for our products and services and/or result in increases in our level of non-performing loans, which could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and earnings. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on the ability of our borrowers to repay loans and the value of the collateral securing loans. A deterioration in economic conditions, as a result of COVID-19, recession or otherwise, could have the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations: demand for our products and services may decline; loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase; collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, thereby reducing customers future borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans; we may increase our allowance for credit losses; the value of our securities portfolio may decrease; and the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Moreover, a significant decline in general economic conditions caused by COVID-19, inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other international or domestic calamities, unemployment or other factors beyond our control could further impact these local economic conditions and could further negatively affect the financial results of our banking operations. In addition, deflationary pressures, while possibly lowering our operating costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Over the past year, in response to a pronounced rise in inflation, the Federal Reserve Board has raised certain benchmark interest rates to combat inflation. As discussed under Risks Related to Market Interest Rates Future changes in interest rates could reduce our profits, as inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. In addition, inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our non-interest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve Board to tame persistent inflationary price pressures could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our local economy relies heavily on the tourism industry. Downturns in this industry could affect our operations and results. Tourism is the largest sector of Hawaii s economy. COVID-19 has had a significant impact on tourism. The Hawaii Tourism Authority reported visitor arrivals in 2022 declined by 11.0 compared to 2019, the year prior to the pandemic. Total vistitor spending in 2022 rose by 8.9 compared to 2019, the year prior to the pandemic. A downturn in the tourism industry, and the related loss of jobs or operating income for businesses, could have a significant impact on our ability to originate loans, and the ability of borrowers to repay loans, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The downturn in the tourism industry may have a significant effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Item 1. Business Market Area for a discussion of the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our market area. A protracted government shutdown may result in reduced loan originations and related gains on sale and could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. During any protracted federal government shutdown, we may not be able to close certain loans and we may not be able to recognize non-interest income on the sale of loans. Some of the loans we originate are sold directly to government agencies, and some of these sales may be unable to be consummated during the shutdown. In addition, we believe that some borrowers may determine not to proceed with their home purchase and not close on their loans, which would result in a permanent loss of the related non-interest income. A federal government shutdown could also result in reduced income for government employees or employees of companies that engage in business with the federal government, which could result in greater loan delinquencies, increases in our nonperforming and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. A default by the U.S. Governement on its debt obligations could negatively affect our business and operations. A U.S. government debt default could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, including a decrease in the value of treasury bonds, notes, bills and other government securities which we may own, and which could negatively impact our capital position and our ability to meet regulatory requirements. Other negative impacts could be volatile capital markets, an adverse impact on the U.S. economy and the U.S. dollar, as well as increased default rates 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 among borrowers in light of increased economic uncertainty. Some of these impacts might occur even in the absence of an actual default but as a consequence of extended political negotiations around the threat of such a default and a government shutdown. Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic The economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak could continue to adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have continued to affect the macroeconomic environment, both nationally and in the Company s existing geographic footprint. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including when the coronavirus can be fully controlled and abated. The COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse local and national economic consequences could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Lending Activities Our lending activities provide lower interest rates than financial institutions that originate more commercial loans. Our principal lending activity consists of originating one- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, these loans totaled 1.3 billion or 96.8 of total loans. We originate our loans with a focus on limiting credit risk and not to generate the highest return or create the greatest difference between the yield on our interest-earning assets and our cost of funds (interest rate spread). Residential real estate mortgage loans generally have lower interest rates than commercial business loans, commercial real estate loans and consumer loans. As a result, we may generate lower interest rate spreads and rates of return when compared to our competitors who originate more consumer or commercial loans than we do. We intend to continue our focus on residential real estate lending. Nonresidential real estate loans and commercial business loans increase our exposure to credit risks. At December 31, 2022, our portfolio of commercial real estate, construction and other nonresidential real estate loans totaled 23.6 million, or 1.8 of total loans. In addition, at December 31, 2022, our portfolio of commercial business loans totaled 8.7 million, or 0.7 of total loans. These loans generally expose us to a greater risk of nonpayment and loss than residential real estate loans because repayment of such loans often depends on the successful operations and income stream of the borrowers. Additionally, such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to residential real estate loans. We target our business lending and marketing strategy towards small- to medium-sized businesses. These small- to medium-sized businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If general economic conditions adversely affect these businesses, our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. In addition, some of our commercial business loans are collateralized by a security interest in furniture, fixtures and equipment and the liquidation of collateral in the event of default is often an insufficient source of repayment because the collateral may have limited use or value. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings will decrease. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans and our loss and 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 delinquency experience, and we evaluate current economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our allowance. While our allowance for loan losses was 0.16 of total loans at December 31, 2022, material additions to our allowance could materially decrease our net income. In addition, any future credit deterioration, including as a result of COVID-19, could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses in the future. The Financial Accounting Standards Board has adopted a new accounting standard that will be effective for Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Territorial Savings Bank for our first fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL), will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and held-to-maturity securities, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses. This will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, and to greatly increase the types of data we would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs resulting from these reviews might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous conditions or toxic substances are found on these properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. Concentration of loans in our primary market area may increase risk. Our success depends primarily on the general economic conditions in the State of Hawaii, as nearly all of our loans are to customers in the state. Accordingly, the economic conditions in the State of Hawaii have a significant impact on the ability of borrowers to repay loans as well as our ability to originate new loans. As such, a decline in real estate valuations in this market would lower the value of the collateral securing those loans. In addition, significant weakening in general economic conditions such as the spread of COVID-19, inflation, recession, unemployment or other factors beyond our control could negatively affect our financial results. See Item 1. Business Market Area for a discussion of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our market area. Risks Related to Laws, Regulations and Government Matters We are subject to the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. A successful 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on activities which could result in the denial of certain corporate applications such as opening new branches. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to extensive regulatory oversight. We and our subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision. Regulators have intensified their focus on bank lending criteria and controls, and on the USA PATRIOT Act s anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance requirements. There also is increased scrutiny of our compliance practices generally and particularly with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. Failure to comply with these and other regulatory requirements could lead to, among other remedies, administrative enforcement actions and legal proceedings. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act and implementing regulations are likely to have a significant effect on the financial services industry, which are likely to increase operating costs and reduce profitability. Regulatory or legislative changes could make regulatory compliance more difficult or expensive for us, and could cause us to change or limit some of our products and services, or the way we operate our business. The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital resources to support Territorial Savings Bank. Federal law requires that a holding company act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve Board may require a holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital. Thus, any borrowing or funds needed to raise capital required to make a capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government responses to economic conditions may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and earnings. Ongoing uncertainty and adverse developments in the financial services industry and the domestic and international credit markets, and the effect of new legislation and regulatory actions in response to these conditions, may adversely affect our operations by restricting our business activities, including our ability to originate or sell loans, modify loan terms, or foreclose on property securing loans. These measures may increase our costs of doing business and may have a significant adverse effect on our lending activities, financial performance and operating flexibility. In addition, these risks could affect the performance and value of our loan and investment securities portfolios, which also would negatively affect our financial performance. If the Federal Reserve Board increases the federal funds rate, overall interest rates will likely rise, which may negatively impact the housing markets and the U.S. economic recovery. In addition, deflationary pressures, while possibly lowering our operating costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. Noncompliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions. In the past, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and our income. In recent years, Congress has taken actions that are intended to strengthen confidence and encourage liquidity in financial institutions, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has taken actions to increase insurance coverage on deposit accounts. In addition, there have been proposals made by members of Congress and others that would reduce the amount distressed borrowers are otherwise contractually obligated to pay under their mortgage loans and limit an institution s ability to foreclose on mortgage collateral. The potential exists for additional federal or state laws and regulations, or changes in policy, regarding lending and funding practices and liquidity standards, and bank regulatory agencies are expected to be active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including the expected issuance of many formal enforcement orders. Bank regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Reserve Board, the Hawaii Division of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, govern the activities in which we may engage, primarily for the protection of depositors, and not for the protection or benefit of potential investors. In addition, new laws, regulations and other regulatory changes may increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, and otherwise affect our operations. New laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Federal and state proposals limiting our rights as a creditor could result in credit losses or increased expense in pursuing our remedies as a creditor. We are subject to certain capital requirements, which, along with other regulatory requirements, may adversely impact our return on equity, require us to raise additional capital, or constrain us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares. We are subject to the following minimum capital requirements: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 ; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 ; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . An additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 subjects us to the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . A financial institution, such as Territorial Savings Bank, is subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. Territorial Savings Bank and Territorial Bancorp Inc. met all of these requirements, including the full 2.5 capital conservation buffer, as of December 31, 2022. In addition to these capital requirements, Territorial Bancorp Inc. is subject to regulatory restrictions and notification requirements related to the payment of dividends and repurchases. For additional information, see Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation. The application of these capital requirements and other regulatory requirements could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, limits on the payment of dividends to shareholders and repurchases of our common stock and result in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in our having to lengthen the term of our funding, restructure our business models, and/or increase our holdings of liquid assets. See Supervision and Regulation Federal Banking Regulation Capital Distributions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Reductions in defense spending by the federal government could have a detrimental impact on Hawaii s economy. The defense industry, the second largest contributor to Hawaii s economy after the visitor industry, accounts for about 8.3 of the state s gross domestic product. The defense industry creates thousands of jobs for residents of the State. Cuts to defense and other general spending could have an adverse impact on Hawaii s economy, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The foreclosure process may adversely impact our recoveries on non-performing loans The judicial foreclosure process is protracted, which delays our ability to resolve non-performing loans through the sale of the underlying collateral. The longer timelines have been the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic crisis, additional consumer protection initiatives related to the foreclosure process, increased documentary requirements and judicial scrutiny, and, both voluntary and mandatory programs under which lenders may consider loan modifications or other alternatives to foreclosure. These reasons and the legal and regulatory responses have impacted the foreclosure process and completion time of foreclosures for residential mortgage lenders. This may result in a material adverse effect on collateral values and our ability to minimize its losses. Risks Related to Operational Matters System failure or breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to unforeseen problems. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches including, ransomware attacks, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with us. Our heavy reliance on information technology systems exposes us to additional operational risks, which include the risk of malfeasance by employees or persons outside of our organization, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, systems failures or interruptions, failures to properly implement systems upgrades, breaches of our internal control systems and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. Although we, with the help of third-party service providers, intend to continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures to prevent such damage, these security measures may not be successful. In addition, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we and our third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data. A failure of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We mitigate this risk through guidance promulgated for all financial institutions by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council and the regulations issued under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. This guidance also requires our core data processor to meet these standards. We regularly self-audit or review exams from auditors as well as federal banking regulators to assure that these standards are being met, internally as well as by our important data processing vendors. We also implemented firewall and other internal controls to protect our systems from compromise. Nevertheless, our systems could be compromised and it is possible that significant amounts of time and money may be spent to rectify the harm caused by a breach or hack. While we have general liability insurance and cyber liability insurance, we know there are limitations on coverage as well as dollar amount. Furthermore, cyber incidents carry a greater risk of injury to our reputation. Finally, depending on the type of incident, banking regulators can impose restrictions on our business and consumer laws may require reimbursement of customer loss. In addition, we outsource some of our data processing to certain third-party providers. If these third-party providers encounter difficulties, 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 including as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely affected. The risk that our systems may be compromised by persons seeking to commit fraud is increased as a result of an increase in the number of our employees working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for significant losses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to identify, measure, monitor, report and control our exposure to risk, including strategic, market, liquidity, compliance and operational risks. While we use a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, these techniques are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. Accordingly, we could suffer losses as a result of our failure to properly anticipate and manage these risks. Our business may be adversely affected by an increasing prevalence of fraud, including cyberfraud, and other financial crimes. Our loans to businesses and individuals and our deposit relationships and related transactions are subject to exposure to the risk of loss due to fraud, including cyberfraud, and other financial crimes. In addition, employee errors and employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Nationally, reported incidents of fraud and other financial crimes have increased. We have also experienced losses due to apparent fraud and other financial crimes. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent such losses, losses may still occur. We depend on our management team and other key personnel to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations and we could be harmed by the loss of their services or the inability to hire additional personnel. We are dependent upon the services of the members of our senior management team who direct our strategy and operations. Members of our senior management team, or lending personnel who possess expertise in our markets and key business relationships, could be difficult to replace. Our loss of these persons, or our inability to hire additional qualified personnel, or the need to hire additional employees or pay higher salaries to retain existing employees, could impact our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to compete in our markets. Our funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity and support our future growth. We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. As we continue to grow, we are likely to become more dependent on these sources, which may include FHLB advances, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, proceeds from the sale of loans, federal funds purchased and brokered certificates of deposit. Adverse operating results or changes in industry conditions could lead to difficulty or an inability to access these additional funding sources. Our financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. If we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and profitability would be adversely affected. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in the valuation of our securities portfolio could hurt our profits and reduce our capital levels. Our securities portfolio may be impacted by fluctuations in market value, potentially reducing accumulated other comprehensive income and/or earnings. Fluctuations in market value may be caused by changes in market interest rates, lower market prices for securities and limited investor demand. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis, with more frequent evaluation for selected issues. In analyzing a debt issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, industry analysts reports and, to a lesser extent, spread differentials between the effective rates on instruments in the portfolio compared to risk-free rates. In analyzing an equity issuer s financial condition, management considers industry analysts reports, financial performance and projected target prices of investment analysts within a one-year time frame. If this evaluation shows impairment to the actual or projected cash flows associated with one or more securities, a potential loss to earnings may occur. Changes in interest rates can also have an adverse effect on our financial condition, as our available-for-sale securities are reported at their estimated fair value, and therefore are impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. We increase or decrease our stockholders equity by the amount of change in the estimated fair value of the available-for-sale securities, net of taxes. Declines in market value could result in other-than-temporary impairments of these assets, which would lead to accounting charges that could have a material adverse effect on our net income and capital levels. In addition, if we were required to sell securities to fund our operations, as described in Our funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity and support our future growth, such sales may be at prices that are not favorable, or could call into question our classification of held-to-maturity securities such that we would be required to recognize unrecognized losses with respect to such securities. Risks Related to Environmental and Other Global Matters Climate change is a long term risk to the State of Hawaii. As a state surrounded by water, rising sea levels and storm surges have effected and will continue to impact coastline properties and properties subject to tidal flooding. Shoreline erosion and beach narrowing could negatively impact the real estate loans we have made on those properties. The location of the properties that are subject of loans can result in customers being required to purchase more flood insurance than borrowers of other banks, which can increase borrowers cost and reduce our loan originations. Rising sea levels and tidal actions can also result in roads and highways becoming unusable, requiring population relocation and/or significant expenses to construct new roads and highways. Furthermore, as tourism is the State s largest industry, climate change could negatively impact the weather of Hawaii, which is one of the leading reasons for visitors to travel to the State. Scientists have indicated that climate change may increase the intensity of tropical storms and hurricanes. Severe weather, natural disasters and other external events could significantly affect our operations and results. Because all of our office locations are in the State of Hawaii, severe weather or natural disasters, such as tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes and earthquakes and other adverse external events, could have a significant effect on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Natural disasters, like the tsunami that occurred in Japan in 2011, could have an impact on the visitor industry in Hawaii. Accordingly, the occurrence of any such severe weather or natural disaster event could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. A contaminated drinking water shaft and a contaminated groundwater aquifer on the Island of Oahu could significantly affect our operations and results. In November 2021, it was reported that a U.S. Navy drinking water shaft had become contaminated with jet fuel. The related facility is approximately 100 feet from a groundwater aquifer that supplies a majority of the total water used on the Island of Oahu, including the City of Honolulu. Subsequently, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency indicated that fuel releases had also contaminated the groundwater aquifer. The Honolulu Board of Water Supply has 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 discontinued the use of certain wells in response to the possibility of contamination, with such discontinuation to last indefinitely. Voluntary water usage reductions were announced in March 2022, and compliance has avoided the imposition of mandatory water restrictions as of now. Numerous lawsuits have been filed against the United States government, with plaintiffs claiming physical, emotional and financial damage. In addition to the health risks posed to residents and businesses on Oahu, as well as possible negative effects on the tourism industry, it is possible that water service may not be provided for ongoing construction projects, which could result in a reduction in new home sales and a related reduction in loan originations for new home purchases, as well as reductions in employment in the construction industry and related sales of materials. Accordingly, this event or the occurrence of any similar man-made disaster event could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics, and other catastrophic events. We could be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to a pandemic, natural disaster, war, act of terrorism, accident, or other reason. Any of these events could result in the temporary reduction of operations, employees, and customers, which could limit our ability to provide services. Additionally, many of our borrowers may suffer property damage, experience interruption of their businesses or lose their jobs after such events. Those borrowers might not be able to repay their loans, and the collateral for such loans may decline significantly in value. Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes and other issues. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. Risks Related to Competitive and Strategic Matters Strong competition within our market areas may limit our growth and profitability. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. In our market areas, we compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business, and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we do, which could affect our ability to grow and remain profitable on a long-term basis. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market areas. If we must raise interest rates paid on deposits or lower interest rates charged on our loans, our net interest margin and profitability could be adversely affected. Competitive factors driven by consumer sentiment or otherwise can also reduce our ability to generate fee income, such as through overdraft fees. For additional information see Item 1. Business Competition. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The building of market share through de novo branching could cause our expenses to increase faster than revenues. We may continue to build market share in the State of Hawaii through de novo branching. There are considerable costs involved in opening branches that generally require a period of time to generate the necessary revenues to offset their costs, especially in areas in which we do not have an established presence. Accordingly, any such business expansion can be expected to negatively impact our earnings for some period of time until certain economies of scale are reached. Our expenses could be further increased if we encounter delays in the opening of any of our new branches. Finally, our business expansion may not be successful after establishment. Our inability to tailor our retail delivery model to respond to consumer preferences in banking may negatively affect earnings. We have expanded our market presence through growth of our branch network. Our branch network continues to be a very significant source of new business generation; however, consumers continue to migrate much of their routine banking to self-service channels. In recognition of this shift in consumer patterns, we regularly review our branch network, which can result in branch consolidation accompanied by the enhancement of our capabilities to serve its customers through alternate delivery channels. The benefits of this strategy would depend on our ability to realize expected expense reductions without experiencing significant customer attrition. Risks Related to Accounting Matters Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements and our financial condition or operating results. In preparing this annual report as well as other periodic reports we are required to file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, including our Consolidated Financial Statements, our management is and will be required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include our valuation of investment securities, our determination of our income tax provision, and our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. Other Risks Related to Our Business Our employee stock ownership plan may continue to increase our costs, which would reduce our income. Our employee stock ownership plan purchased 8 of the total shares of common stock sold in our stock offering in 2009 using funds borrowed from Territorial Bancorp Inc. We record annual employee stock ownership plan expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the shares of common stock released to employees over the 20-year term of the loan. If the value of the shares of common stock appreciates up to the time shares are released, compensation expense relating to the employee stock ownership plan will increase and our net income will decline. Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters could adversely affect us or the financial services industry in general. We, and other participants in the financial services industry upon whom we rely to operate, may in the future become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings. Most of the proceedings we consider to be in the normal course of our business or typical for the industry; however, it is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and other participants in the financial services industry or we may not prevail in any proceeding or litigation. There could be substantial cost and management diversion in such litigation and proceedings, and any adverse determination could have a materially adverse effect on our business, brand or image, or our financial condition and results of our operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our current market and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected, by the actions of our employees or by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. The corporate governance provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and the corporate governance provisions under Maryland law, may prevent or impede the holders of our common stock from obtaining representation on our Board of Directors and may impede takeovers of the company that our board might conclude are not in the best interest of Territorial Bancorp Inc. or its stockholders. Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may prevent or impede holders of our common stock from obtaining representation on our Board of Directors and may make takeovers of Territorial Bancorp Inc. more difficult. For example, our Board of Directors is divided into three staggered classes. A classified board makes it more difficult for stockholders to change a majority of the directors because it generally takes at least two annual elections of directors for this to occur. Our articles of incorporation include a provision that no person will be entitled to vote any shares of our common stock in excess of 10 of our outstanding shares of common stock. This limitation does not apply to the purchase of shares by a tax-qualified employee stock benefit plan established by us. In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws restrict who may call special meetings of stockholders and how directors may be removed from office. Additionally, in certain instances, the Maryland General Corporation Law requires a supermajority vote of our stockholders to approve a merger or other business combination with a large stockholder, if the proposed transaction is not approved by a majority of our directors. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comment s Not applicable. ITEM 2. Propertie s We operate from our corporate office in Honolulu, Hawaii, and from our 29 full-service branches located in the State of Hawaii. Of our 29 branches, 23 are located on the island of Oahu, and all but one of our branches are leased properties. The net book value of our premises, land and equipment was 7.6 million at December 31, 2022. ITEM 3. Legal Proceeding s From time to time, we are involved as plaintiff or defendant in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. At December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any legal proceedings, the outcome of which we believe would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable . 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 PART I I ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equit y, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market, Holder and Dividend Information. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TBNK. The approximate number of holders of record of Territorial Bancorp Inc. s common stock as of February 28, 2023 was 1,005. Certain shares of Territorial Bancorp Inc. are held in nominee or street name and, accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 (b) Sales of Unregistered Securities. Not applicable. 
 (c) Use of Proceeds. Not applicable. 
 (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 (e) Stock Repurchases. The following table sets forth information in connection with repurchases of our shares of common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number of Maximum Approximate Shares Purchased as Dollar Value of Shares Total Number Average Price Part of Publicly That May Yet be of Shares Paid per Announced Plans or Purchased Under the Period Purchased Share Programs Plans or Programs (1) October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 42,592 22.87 42,592 4,025,825 Total 42,592 22.87 42,592 4,025,825 (1) On December 5, 2022, the Board of Directors announced a twelfth share repurchase program. Under this repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to 5,000,000 of the Company s outstanding shares. ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The objective of this section is to help readers understand our views on our results of operations and financial condition. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We have historically operated as a traditional thrift institution. The significant majority of our assets consist of long-term, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, which we have funded primarily with deposit inflows, cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank, loan and securities repayments, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank, proceeds from securities sold under agreements to repurchase and proceeds from loan and security sales. As a result, we may be vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as our interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than our interest-earning assets. We have continued our focus on originating one- to four-family residential real estate loans. Our emphasis on conservative loan underwriting has resulted in continued low levels of nonperforming assets. Our nonperforming assets, which include nonaccrual loans, totaled 2.3 million, or 0.11 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.3 million, or 0.15 of total assets at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reversed provisions for loan losses of 576,000 and 1.6 million, respectively. The reversal of loan loss provisions in 2022 and 2021 occurred primarily due to a decrease in the qualitative factors used to calculate the allowance for loan losses due to decreases in Hawaii s unemployment rate and in the amount of loans in the loan payment deferral program. Our operations are affected by our efforts to manage our interest rate risk position. In 2022 and 2021, we sold 5.4 million and 36.2 million, respectively, of fixed-rate mortgage loans. We had a net increase in public deposits of 100.7 million in 2022 and a net decrease in public deposits of 44.2 million in 2021. In 2021, we restructured 20.0 million of FHLB advances to lower the average cost of FHLB advances and extend the average maturity date. There were no restructured FHLB advances in 2022. See Management of Market Risk for a discussion of the actions we have taken in managing interest rate risk. All of Territorial Savings Bank s investments in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations have been issued by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, or Ginnie Mae, which is a U.S. government agency. These agencies guarantee the payment of principal and interest on the Bank s mortgage-backed securities. We do not own any preferred stock issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Des Moines was 769.1 million and 800.9 million, respectively. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We consider accounting policies that require management to exercise significant judgment or discretion or make significant assumptions that have, or could have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income, to be critical accounting policies. We consider the following to be our critical accounting policies: Allowance for Loan Losses . We maintain an allowance for loan losses at an amount estimated to equal all credit losses incurred in our loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at a balance sheet date. The allowance for loan losses includes quantitative and qualitative components. The qualitative component has a higher degree of management subjectivity and includes factors such as: changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices; changes in international, national, regional and local economic business conditions and developments that affect the collectibility of the portfolio; changes in the bank s internal loan review system; 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 changes in the experience, depth and ability of personnel in the mortgage loan origination and loan servicing departments; changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans and classified assets; changes in the nature and volume of loans being originated; changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; existence and any changes in concentrations of credit; external factors such as competition, legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio; and changes in the amount of loans with payment deferrals. The qualitative factors used to estimate losses relate to factors that are not captured in historical loss rates and which involves significant amount of management judgement. Since we cannot predict with certainty the amount of loan charge-offs that will be incurred and because the eventual level of loan charge-offs is affected by numerous conditions beyond our control, a range of loss estimates can reasonably be used to determine the allowance for loan losses and the related provisions for loan losses. A 10 increase in Hawaii s unemployment rate would increase loan loss provisions by approximately 113,000. A 10 increase in the peer group factor used to calculate the allowance for loan losses on construction, land and commercial real estate loans would increase loan loss provisions by approximately 42,000. A peer group factor calculated using the losses reported by other banks in Hawaii on similar loans is used because the Bank does have a limited loss history on these types of loans. A 10 increase in the qualitative factor on owner-occupant and non-owner occupant loans would increase loan loss provisions by approximately 34,000. A 10 increase in historical losses would increase loan loss provisions by approximately 5,000. A change in home prices in Hawaii is not expected to have a material impact on loan loss provisions as the ratio of the average loan balance to the tax-assessed value of the property securing the loan was 42.5 at December 31, 2022. Securities Impairment . We periodically perform analyses to determine whether there has been an other-than-temporary decline in the value of our securities. Our held-to-maturity securities consist primarily of debt securities for which we have a positive intent and ability to hold to maturity and are carried at amortized cost. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value. The Company does not intend to sell securities which have an unrealized loss until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities prior to the recovery of value or the securities mature. All of our securities are issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S government-sponsored enterprises which guarantee the payment of principal and interest. We conduct a quarterly review and evaluation of the securities portfolio to determine if the value of any security has declined below its cost or amortized cost, and whether such decline is other-than-temporary. If such decline is deemed other-than-temporary, we would adjust the cost basis of the security by writing down the security for any credit losses through a charge on the income statement. The fair value of investment securities are obtained from independent third party pricing services and are based on pricing models that consider bid and ask prices and prices at which similar securities traded. The market values of our securities are affected by changes in interest rates as well as shifts in the market s perception of the issuers. Deferred Tax Assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. A valuation allowance may be required if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 of these deductible differences. There was no valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Defined Benefit Retirement Plan. Defined benefit plan obligations and related assets of our defined benefit retirement plan are presented in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Effective December 31, 2008, the defined benefit retirement plan was frozen and all plan benefits were fixed as of that date. Plan assets, which consist primarily of marketable equity securities and mutual funds, are typically valued using market quotations. Plan obligations and the annual pension expense are determined by an independent actuary through the use of a number of assumptions. Key assumptions in measuring the plan obligations include the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In determining the discount rate, we utilize a yield that reflects the top 50 of the universe of bonds, ranked in the order of the highest yield. These bonds provide cash flows that match the timing of expected benefit payments. Asset returns are based upon the anticipated average rate of earnings expected on the invested funds of the plans. At December 31, 2022, we used weighted-average discount rates of 2.90 and 5.40 for calculating annual pension expense and projected plan liabilities, respectively, and an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.75 for calculating annual pension expense. For both the discount rate and the asset return rate, a range of estimates could reasonably have been used, which would affect the amount of pension expense and pension liability recorded. A decrease in the discount rate or an increase in the asset return rate would have reduced our pension expense in 2022, while an increase in the discount rate or a decrease in the asset return rate would have the opposite effect. A 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate assumptions would have decreased our 2022 pension expense by 8,000 and would have increased our year-end 2022 pension liability by 392,000, while a 25 basis point decrease in the asset return rate would have increased our 2022 pension expense by 56,000. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial Dat a 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Selected Financial Condition Data: Total assets 2,169,592 2,130,602 Cash and cash equivalents 40,553 99,859 Investment securities available for sale at fair value 20,821 Investment securities held to maturity 717,773 636,442 Loans receivable, net 1,294,764 1,302,824 Bank-owned life insurance 47,783 51,423 Deposits 1,716,152 1,681,828 Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank 141,000 141,000 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 10,000 10,000 Total stockholders equity 256,550 256,322 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Selected Operating Data: Interest income 62,702 60,301 Interest expense 7,215 6,276 Net interest income 55,487 54,025 Reversal of provision for loan losses (576) (1,592) Net interest income after reversal of provision for loan losses 56,063 55,617 Noninterest income 4,209 6,472 Noninterest expense 38,798 38,286 Income before income taxes 21,474 23,803 Income taxes 5,318 6,373 Net income 16,156 17,430 
 33 

Table of Contents 

At or for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Selected Financial Ratios (expressed as percentages) and Other Data: Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (ratio of net income to average total assets) 0.75 0.82 Return on average equity (ratio of net income to average equity) 6.26 6.90 Interest rate spread (1) 2.64 2.59 Net interest margin (2) 2.69 2.65 Efficiency ratio (3) 64.99 63.29 Noninterest expense to average total assets 1.80 1.80 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 115.91 116.45 Average equity to average total assets 11.98 11.87 Basic earnings per share 1.81 1.92 Diluted earnings per share 1.80 1.91 Dividend payout ratio (4) 56.67 53.40 Asset Quality Ratios: Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.11 0.15 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.18 0.25 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 88.31 81.37 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 0.16 0.20 Capital Ratios (bank-level only): Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 26.20 26.78 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 25.98 26.47 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets) 25.98 26.47 Tier I capital (to total assets) 10.87 11.09 Other Data: Number of full-service offices 29 29 Full-time equivalent employees 257 266 

 (1) The average interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities for the year. (2) The net interest margin represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets for the year. (3) The efficiency ratio represents noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. (4) The dividend payout ratio represents cash dividends declared per share divided by diluted earnings per share. Balance Sheet Analysis Assets. At December 31, 2022, our assets were 2.2 billion, an increase of 39.0 million, or 1.8 , from 2.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily caused by a 102.2 million increase in total investment securities, which was partially offset by a 59.3 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents and an 8.1 million decrease in total loans. Cash and Cash Equivalents. At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were 40.6 million, a decrease of 59.3 million, or 59.4 , from 99.9 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 102.2 million increase in total investment securities, which was partially offset by a 34.3 million increase in deposits and an 8.1 million decrease in total loans. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Portfolio Composition. The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 1,253,558 96.51 1,267,537 96.97 Multi-family residential 6,448 0.50 5,468 0.42 Construction, commercial and other 23,903 1.84 18,590 1.42 Home equity loans and lines of credit 6,426 0.49 7,121 0.54 Other loans 8,597 0.66 8,470 0.65 Total loans 1,298,932 100.00 1,307,186 100.00 Other items: Unearned fees and discounts, net (2,136) (1,693) Allowance for loan losses (2,032) (2,669) Loans receivable, net 1,294,764 1,302,824 Total loans decreased by 8.3 million as loan repayments and sales exceeded new loan originations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Portfolio Maturities and Yields. The following table summarizes the scheduled maturities of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. 

One- to four-family Multi-family residential Construction, commercial Home equity loans and residential real estate real estate and other real estate lines of credit Other loans Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Due During the Years Average Average Average Average Average Average Ending December 31, Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate (Dollars in thousands) 2023 39 4.77 934 5.05 241 8.25 718 6.61 1,932 6.02 2024 to 2027 2,085 3.73 509 7.30 3,080 5.15 1,516 8.26 942 6.09 8,132 5.61 2028 to 2037 38,967 3.90 5,356 4.53 8,263 4.03 2,541 7.09 6,937 3.86 62,064 4.10 2038 and beyond 1,212,467 3.46 583 4.25 11,626 3.96 2,128 3.42 1,226,804 3.47 Total 1,253,558 3.48 6,448 4.72 23,903 4.18 6,426 6.19 8,597 4.33 1,298,932 3.52 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the scheduled repayments of fixed- and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2023. 

Due After December 31, 2023 Fixed Adjustable Total (In thousands) Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 1,253,136 383 1,253,519 Multi-family residential 6,285 163 6,448 Construction, commercial and otherp 21,551 1,418 22,969 Home equity loans and lines of credit 902 5,283 6,185 Other loans 6,796 1,083 7,879 Total loans 1,288,670 8,330 1,297,000 Securities. At December 31, 2022, our securities portfolio totaled 738.6 million, or 34.0 of assets. The securities portfolio increased from 636.4 million at December 31, 2021 to 738.6 million at December 31, 2022 as security purchases exceeded repayments. All of the mortgage-backed securities were issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. At December 31, 2022, none of the underlying collateral consisted of subprime or Alt-A loans (traditionally defined as nonconforming loans having less than full documentation). At December 31, 2022, we held no common or preferred stock of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Any unrealized loss on individual mortgage-backed securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was caused by increases in market interest rates. All of our mortgage-backed securities are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises or a U.S. government agency. Since the decline in market value has been attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, we continue to have the intent not to sell these investments, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell such investments prior to the recovery of the amortized cost basis. Therefore, we have not considered these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Portfolio Maturities and Coupons. The composition and maturities of the investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 are summarized in the following table. Maturities are based on the final contractual payment dates, and do not reflect the impact of prepayments or early redemptions that may occur. No tax-equivalent adjustments have been made, as we did not hold any tax-free investment securities at December 31, 2022. 

More than One Year More than Five Years One Year or Less through Five Years through Ten Years More than Ten Years Total Securities Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Amortized Average Amortized Average Amortized Average Amortized Average Amortized Average Cost Coupon Cost Coupon Cost Coupon Cost Coupon Cost Fair Value Coupon (Dollars in thousands) Available-for-sale: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises: Fannie Mae 4,488 3.00 4,488 3,966 3.00 Freddie Mac 19,056 2.99 19,056 16,855 2.99 Total available-for-sale 23,544 2.99 23,544 20,821 2.99 Held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises: Fannie Mae 17 3.70 9 3.86 384,615 2.24 384,641 310,677 2.24 Freddie Mac 312,359 2.53 312,359 261,662 2.53 Collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 1,401 1.61 1,401 1,245 1.61 Ginnie Mae 2 2.63 3 2.63 19,367 3.32 19,372 17,500 3.32 Total held-to-maturity 19 3.59 12 3.55 717,742 2.39 717,773 591,084 2.40 Total 19 3.59 12 3.55 741,286 2.32 741,317 611,905 2.41 

 (1) All of our collateralized mortgage obligations have been issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Bank-Owned Life Insurance. We invest in bank-owned life insurance to provide us with a funding source for our benefit plan obligations. Bank-owned life insurance also generally provides us noninterest income that is nontaxable. Interagency federal guidance generally limits our investment in bank-owned life insurance to 25 of the Bank s Tier 1 capital plus our allowance for loan losses. At December 31, 2022, this limit was 59.4 million, and we had invested 47.8 million in bank-owned life insurance at that date. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits. At December 31, 2022, deposits totaled 1.7 billion, or 89.7 of total liabilities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. Our deposit accounts consist of savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, commercial and regular checking accounts and Super NOW accounts. Historically, we have not accepted, and do not currently have, brokered deposits. We accept deposits primarily from the areas in which our offices are located. We rely on our competitive pricing and products, convenient locations and quality customer service to attract and retain deposits. Interest rates paid, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies, market interest rates, liquidity requirements and our deposit growth goals. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our deposits grew by 34.3 million, or 2.0 . The growth in deposits was primarily due to increases of 204.6 million in certificates of deposit and 6.2 million in checking accounts, which were partially offset by a decrease of 174.6 million in savings accounts during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in certificates of deposit included a 100.7 million increase in public deposits and also occurred when customers transferred funds from savings accounts to certificates of deposit with higher interest rates. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 429.7 million in certificates of deposit, of which 356.9 million had remaining maturities of one year or less. Based on historical experience and our current pricing strategy, we believe we will retain a significant portion of these accounts upon maturity. The following table sets forth the distribution of our average total deposit accounts (including interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits), by account type, for the periods indicated. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted Weighted Average Average Average Average Balance Percent Rate Balance Percent Rate (Dollars in thousands) Deposit type: Non-interest-bearing 74,283 4.4 67,341 4.0 Savings accounts 1,028,244 60.3 0.09 1,060,016 63.5 0.10 Certificates of deposit 292,809 17.2 1.33 264,754 15.9 1.07 Money market 5,481 0.3 0.09 5,508 0.3 0.18 Checking and Super NOW 303,802 17.8 0.02 272,375 16.3 0.02 Total deposits 1,704,619 100.0 0.29 1,669,994 100.0 0.25 The following table sets forth uninsured deposits (in excess of 250,000). We have no deposits that are uninsured for any other reason. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Uninsured non-maturity deposits: 212,984 270,049 Uninsured deposits with remaining maturities: Three months or less 162,354 79,924 Over three months to six months 41,961 5,107 Over six months to twelve months 20,167 11,876 Over twelve months 15,132 9,715 239,614 106,622 Total uninisured deposits 452,598 376,671 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of outstanding certificates of deposit in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000 was 257.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, certificates of deposit owned by state and local governments in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000 was 182.6 million. The following table sets forth the maturity of certificates of deposit in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000 as of December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Three months or less 165,718 Over three months through six months 44,759 Over six months through one year 29,343 Over one year to three years 16,726 Over three years 1,367 Total 257,913 Borrowings. Our borrowings consist of advances from the FHLB and funds borrowed under securities sold under agreements to repurchase. At December 31, 2022, our FHLB advances totaled 141.0 million, or 7.4 of total liabilities and our securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaled 10.0 million, or 0.5 of total liabilities. At December 31, 2022, we had the capability to borrow up to 769.1 million in the form of additional advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total borrowings were 151.0 million. We primarily funded our operations with additional deposits, borrowings, proceeds from loan and security sales and principal repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities. Stockholders Equity. At December 31, 2022, our stockholders equity was 256.6 million, an increase of 228,000, or 0.1 , from 256.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in stockholders equity occurred primarily as our net income exceeded dividends declared and due to shares repurchased. These increases were partially offset by an increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss on the unrealized loss on securities. The increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss on the unrealized loss on securities is discussed in Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Average Balances and Yields The following table sets forth average balances, yields and rates, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments were made, as we did not hold any tax-free investments. All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income of 103,000 and 501,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average Outstanding Outstanding Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Balance Interest Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans: Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential (1) 1,252,960 43,448 3.47 1,289,057 46,880 3.64 Multi-family residential 5,700 244 4.28 6,636 302 4.55 Construction, commercial and other 22,309 919 4.12 18,625 820 4.40 Home equity loans and lines of credit 6,572 365 5.55 7,838 389 4.96 Other loans 8,640 342 3.96 9,078 349 3.84 Total loans 1,296,181 45,318 3.50 1,331,234 48,740 3.66 Investment securities: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (1) 709,817 16,211 2.28 482,525 10,729 2.22 Total securities 709,817 16,211 2.28 482,525 10,729 2.22 Other 59,828 1,173 1.96 228,408 832 0.36 Total interest-earning assets 2,065,826 62,702 3.04 2,042,167 60,301 2.95 Non-interest-earning assets 88,875 86,040 Total assets 2,154,701 2,128,207 Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings accounts 1,028,244 950 0.09 1,060,016 1,074 0.10 Certificates of deposit 292,809 3,908 1.33 264,754 2,835 1.07 Money market accounts 5,481 5 0.09 5,508 10 0.18 Checking and Super NOW accounts 303,802 62 0.02 272,375 56 0.02 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,630,336 4,925 0.30 1,602,653 3,975 0.25 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 141,899 2,107 1.48 141,000 2,117 1.50 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 10,000 183 1.83 10,000 184 1.84 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,782,235 7,215 0.40 1,753,653 6,276 0.36 Non-interest-bearing liabilities 114,356 121,839 Total liabilities 1,896,591 1,875,492 Stockholders equity 258,110 252,715 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 2,154,701 2,128,207 Net interest income 55,487 54,025 Net interest rate spread (2) 2.64 2.59 Net interest-earning assets (3) 283,591 288,514 Net interest margin (4) 2.69 2.65 Interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 115.91 116.45 

 (1) Average balance includes loans or investments held to maturity and available for sale, as applicable. (2) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (4) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the years indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. There were no out-of-period items or adjustments for 2022 or 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Total Due to Increase Volume Rate (Decrease) (In thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans: Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential (1,290) (2,142) (3,432) Multi-family residential (41) (17) (58) Construction, commercial and other 147 (48) 99 Home equity loans and lines of credit (89) 65 (24) Other loans (17) 10 (7) Total loans (1,290) (2,132) (3,422) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 5,184 298 5,482 Other (69) 410 341 Total interest-earning assets 3,825 (1,424) 2,401 Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings accounts (31) (93) (124) Certificates of deposit 322 751 1,073 Money market accounts (5) (5) Checking and Super NOW accounts 6 6 Total interest-bearing deposits 297 653 950 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 13 (23) (10) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (1) (1) Total interest-bearing liabilities 310 629 939 Change in net interest income 3,515 (2,053) 1,462 Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 General. Net income decreased by 1.3 million, or 7.3 , to 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily due to a 2.3 million decrease in noninterest income, a 1.0 million decrease in reversals of loan loss provisions and a 500,000 increase in noninterest expense. These decreases in net income were partially offset by a 1.5 million increase in net interest income and a 1.1 million decrease in income taxes. Net Interest Income . Net interest income increased by 1.5 million, or 2.7 , to 55.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 54.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income increased by 2.4 million, or 4.0 , to 62.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 60.3 million for the year ended 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to a 227.3 million increase in the average investment securities balance and a six basis point increase in the average yield on investment securities, which was partially offset by a 16 basis point decrease in the average loan yield and a 35.1 million decrease in the average loan balance. Interest expense increased by 939,000, or 15.0 , to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a five basis point increase in the average cost of deposits, which was augmented by a 27.7 million increase in the average deposit balance. The interest rate spread and net interest margin were 2.64 and 2.69 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.59 and 2.65 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the interest rate spread was due to the increase in the yield on interest-earning assets that was partially offset by the increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in the net interest margin was due to an increase in net interest income that was partially offset by an increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets. Interest Income. Interest income increased by 2.4 million, or 4.0 , to 62.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 60.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income on investment securities increased by 5.5 million, or 51.1 , to 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income on securities occurred primarily because of a 227.3 million increase in the average securities balance and a six basis point increase in the average yield on securities. The increase in the average securities balance occurred as security purchases exceeded repayments. The increase in the average yield on securities occurred as higher yielding securities were added to the portfolio, as a result of the increase in market rates. The increase in interest income on investment securities was partially offset by a decrease in interest income on loans of 3.4 million, or 7.0 , to 45.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 48.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest income on loans occurred as the average loan yield decreased by 16 basis points to 3.50 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.66 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the average yield on loans occurred as higher yielding loans were paid off and new loans with lower interest rates were added to the loan portfolio. Despite an increase in current market rates, the average yield decreased due to a low amount of new loan originations at these higher market rates. The decrease in interest income that occurred because of the decrease in the average loan yield was augmented by a decrease in the average loan balance of 35.1 million, or 2.6 , as loan repayments and sales exceeded new loan originations. Interest Expense. Interest expense increased by 939,000, or 15.0 , to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense on certificates of deposit increased by 1.1 million, or 37.8 , to 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense on certificates of deposit occurred because of a 26 basis point increase in the average cost and a 28.1 million increase in the average balance of certificates of deposit. The rate paid on average certificates of deposit increased to 1.33 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.07 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in market rates. The increase in the average balance of certificates of deposit is due to an increase in public deposits and funds transferred by customers from savings accounts for higher interest rates. Provision for Loan Losses. Based on our analysis of the factors described in Allowance for Loan Losses, we recorded a reversal of provisions for loan losses of 576,000 and 1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reversal of loan loss provisions in 2022 and 2021 occurred primarily due to a decrease in the qualitative factors used to calculate the allowance for loan losses due to decreases in Hawaii s unemployment rate and in the amount of loans in the loan payment deferral program. The reversal of provision for loan losses recorded resulted in ratios of the allowance for loan losses to total loans of 0.16 and 0.20 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net chargeoffs of 61,000 and 1,000, respectively. Nonaccrual loans totaled 2.3 million and 3.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. To the best of our knowledge, at December 31, 2022, we had provided for all losses that are both probable and can be reasonably estimated at those respective dates. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Income. The following table summarizes changes in noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, Change 2022/2021 2022 2021 Change Change (Dollars in thousands) Service and other fees 1,416 2,463 (1,047) (42.5) Income on bank-owned life insurance 792 779 13 1.7 Gain on sale of investment securities 1,840 (1,840) (100.0) Net (loss) gain on sale of loans (3) 663 (666) (100.5) Other 2,004 727 1,277 175.7 Total 4,209 6,472 (2,263) (35.0) Noninterest income decreased by 2.3 million, or 35.0 , to 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We did not sell any held-to-maturity or available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities during 2022. In 2021, we sold 22.1 million and 3.0 million of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities, respectively, and recorded gains of 1.5 million and 339,000, respectively. The sale of held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities, for which we had already collected a substantial portion of the outstanding purchased principal (at least 85 ), were in accordance with the Investments Debt and Equity Securities topic of the FASB ASC and does not taint management s assertion of its intent to hold the remaining securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio to maturity. The decrease in service and other fees was primarily due to a decrease in broker fee income which is earned when we referred mortgage loan applications to other financial institutions and mortgage bankers. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we sold mortgage loans held for sale with principal balances of 5.4 million and 36.2 million, respectively, and recognized a loss of 3,000 and a gain of 663,000, respectively. Other income increased primarily due to 1.1 million of bank-owned life insurance net proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2022. Noninterest Expense. The following table summarizes changes in noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Year Ended December 31, Change 2022/2021 2022 2021 Change Change (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 22,259 22,091 168 0.8 Occupancy 6,708 6,486 222 3.4 Equipment 5,006 4,483 523 11.7 Federal deposit insurance premiums 573 565 8 1.4 Other general and administrative expenses 4,252 4,661 (409) (8.8) Total 38,798 38,286 512 1.3 Noninterest expense increased by 512,000, or 1.3 , to 38.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in equipment expense was primarily due to a increase in service bureau expense and data processing expense. The increase in occupancy expense was primarily due to increases in leasehold improvement depreciation and office building expense, which was partially offset by a decrease in rent expense. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased primarily due to a decrease in deferred salary expenses for originating new loans which was partially offset by a decrease in commissions for originating new loans. Other general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in other loan expenses and legal fees. The decrease in other loan expense occurred as we originated fewer loans in 2022 than in 2021. Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense for 2022 was 5.3 million with an effective tax rate of 24.8 compared to 6.4 million with an effective tax rate of 26.8 for 2021. The decreases to income tax expense and in the effective tax rate during 2022 was primarily due to a 2.3 million decrease in income before income taxes and the receipt of 1.1 million of proceeds on bank-owned life insurance that was not taxable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Nonperforming and Problem Assets When a residential mortgage loan or home equity line of credit is 15 days past due, we attempt personal, direct contact with the borrower to determine when payment will be made. On the first day of the following month, we mail a letter reminding the borrower of the delinquency, and will send an additional letter when a loan is 60 days or more past due. If necessary, subsequent late notices are issued and the account will be monitored on a regular basis thereafter. By the 121 st day of delinquency, unless the borrower has made arrangements to bring the loan current, we will refer the loan to legal counsel to commence foreclosure proceedings. Commercial business loans, commercial real estate loans and consumer loans are generally handled in the same manner as residential mortgage loans or home equity lines of credit. All commercial business loans that are 15 days past due are immediately referred to our senior lending officer. In addition, we generate past due notices and attempt direct contact with a borrower when a consumer loan is 10 days past due. Because consumer loans are generally unsecured, we may commence collection procedures earlier for consumer loans than for residential mortgage loans or home equity lines of credit. Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when payment of principal or interest is more than 90 days contractually delinquent or when, in the opinion of management, collection of principal or interest in full appears doubtful. When loans are placed on a nonaccrual status, unpaid accrued interest is fully reversed. The interest payments received on nonaccrual loans are recorded as a reduction of principal. The loan may be returned to accrual status if both principal and interest payments are brought current and full payment of principal and interest is expected. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Nonperforming Assets. The table below sets forth the amounts and categories of our nonperforming assets (loans and real estate owned) at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans: Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 2,279 3,261 Home equity loans and lines of credit 16 19 Other loans 6 Total nonaccrual loans 2,301 3,280 Real estate owned: Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential Total real estate owned Total nonperforming assets 2,301 3,280 Loans delinquent 90 days or greater and still accruing interest 24 Restructured loans still accruing interest: Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 414 551 Total restructured loans still accruing interest 414 551 Total nonperforming assets, accruing loans delinquent for 90 days or more and restructured loans still accruing interest 2,715 3,855 Ratios: Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.18 0.25 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.11 0.15 We had four troubled debt restructurings totaling 824,000 as of December 31, 2022 that were considered to be impaired. These four loans were one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Two of the loans, totaling 414,000, were performing in accordance with their restructured terms and accruing interest at December 31, 2022. Two of the loans, totaling 410,000, were performing in accordance with its restructured terms but not accruing interest at December 31, 2022. We had four troubled debt restructurings totaling 891,000 as of December 31, 2021 that were considered to be impaired. These four loans were one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Two of the loans, totaling 425,000, were performing in accordance with their restructured terms and accruing interest at December 31, 2021. One of the loans, for 340,000, was performing in accordance with their restructured terms but not accruing interest at December 31, 2021. One of the loans for 126,000 was 59 days delinquent and accruing interest at December 31, 2021. There were no new troubled debt restructurings in 2022 or 2021. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act provided relief to financial institutions from categorizing eligible loan modifications as troubled debt restructurings over the remaining life of the modified loan. Eligible loan modifications under the CARES Act were required to be related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the borrower s payments must not have been more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. Loan modifications under the CARES Act must have been executed during the period from March 1, 2020 to January 1, 2022. Bank regulators issued similar guidance, which also clarified that a COVID-19 related loan modification should not be considered a troubled debt restructuring if the borrower was not more than 30 days past due on payments at the time the loan modification program was implemented and the modification is considered short-term (not to exceed six months). We use the provisions of the CARES Act and the Interagency 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Statements to account for the eligible loans that received modifications. The amount of outstanding loans that received modifications at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is discussed in Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Delinquent Loans . The following table sets forth our loan delinquencies by type and by amount at the dates indicated. Loans with a formal loan payment deferral plan in place are not considered contractually past due or delinquent if the borrower is in compliance with the loan payment deferral plan. 

Loans Delinquent For 60-89 Days 90 Days or Over Total Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 1 409 4 559 5 968 Home equity loans and lines of credit Other loans 1 2 6 3 6 Total loans 2 409 6 565 8 974 At December 31, 2021 Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 2 244 2 244 Other loans 2 2 24 4 24 Total loans 2 4 268 6 268 Real Estate Owned . Real estate acquired by us as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned. When property is acquired it is recorded at estimated fair value at the date of foreclosure less the cost to sell, establishing a new cost basis. Estimated fair value generally represents the price a buyer would be willing to pay on the basis of current market conditions, including normal terms from other financial institutions. Holding costs and declines in estimated fair value result in charges to expense after acquisition. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no real estate owned. Classification of Assets. Our policies, consistent with regulatory guidelines, provide for the classification of loans and other assets as substandard, doubtful or loss. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the fair value of collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those assets characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets (or portions of assets) classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets is not warranted. We maintain an allowance for loan losses at an amount estimated to equal all credit losses incurred in our loan portfolio that are both probable and can be reasonably estimated at a balance sheet date. Our determination as to the classification of our assets and the amount of our loan loss allowance is subject to review by bank regulators, who can require that we establish additional loss allowances. We regularly review our asset portfolio to determine whether any assets require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. On the basis of our review of our assets at December 31, 2022, we had substandard assets of 2.5 million and no loss or doubtful assets. Substandard assets at December 31, 2022 included 597,000 of troubled debt restructurings and 1.9 million of nonperforming loans. At December 31, 2021, we had substandard assets of 3.5 million, and no loss or doubtful assets. Substandard assets at December 31, 2021 included 532,000 of troubled debt restructurings and 2.9 million of nonperforming loans. We generally classify any loan that is delinquent 90 days or more as substandard. Loans which have been delinquent for fewer days may also be classified as substandard. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to classifying assets as substandard, doubtful or loss, we also categorize assets as special mention. A special mention asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Bank s credit position at some future date. We designate loans that are 30 to 89 days delinquent as special mention. Loans which have been delinquent for fewer days may also be categorized as special mention. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, special mention assets were 409,000 and 126,000, respectively. Allowance for Loan Losses We provide for loan losses based upon the consistent application of our documented allowance for loan loss (ALLL) methodology. All loan losses are charged to the allowance for loan losses and all recoveries are credited to it. Additions to the allowance for loan losses are provided by charges to income based on various factors which, in our judgment, deserve current recognition in estimating probable losses. We regularly review the loan portfolio and make provisions for loan losses in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses in accordance with GAAP. General allowances are established for loan losses on a portfolio basis for loans that do not meet the definition of impaired in accordance with current accounting standards. The portfolio is grouped into similar risk characteristics, primarily loan type and loan-to-value ratios. We apply an estimated loss rate to each loan group. The loss rates applied are primarily based upon our loss experience adjusted, as appropriate, for the qualitative and environmental factors discussed below. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revisions based upon changes in economic and real estate market conditions. Actual loan losses may be significantly more than the allowance for loan losses we have established, which could have a material negative effect on our financial results. The loans on which we have granted loan deferrals are included in the ALLL calculation. Residential mortgage loans represent the largest segment of our loan portfolio. All of the residential mortgage loans are secured by a first mortgage on residential real estate in Hawaii, consist primarily of fixed-rate mortgage loans that have generally been underwritten to Freddie Mac guidelines and have similar risk characteristics. The loan loss allowance is determined by first calculating the historical loss rate for this segment of the portfolio. The loss rate may be adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors. The allowance for loan loss is calculated by multiplying the adjusted loss rate by the total loans in this segment of the portfolio. The adjustments to historical loss experience are based on an evaluation of several qualitative and environmental factors, including: changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices; changes in international, national, and local economic trends; changes in the bank s internal loan review system; changes in the experience and ability of personnel in the mortgage loan origination and loan servicing departments; changes in the number and amount of delinquent loans and classified assets; changes in the type and volume of loans being originated; changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; changes in any concentration of credit; and external factors such as competition, legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio. We granted loan payment deferrals to customers who were experiencing financial difficulties because of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. We established additional loan loss provisions in 2020 primarily because of these loan payment deferrals and the higher unemployment rate that occurred because of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022 and 2021, we reversed loan loss provisions due to a decrease in the qualitative factors used to calculate the allowance for 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 loan losses. The decrease in the qualitative factors occurred primarily because of a decrease in Hawaii s unemployment rate and a decrease in the amount of loans with payment deferrals. We also use historical loss rates adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors to establish loan loss allowances for the following portfolio segments: home equity loans and lines of credit; and consumer and other loans. We have a limited loss experience for the construction, commercial and other mortgage segment of the loan portfolio. The loan loss allowance on this portfolio segment is determined using the loan loss rate of other financial institutions in the State of Hawaii. The allowance for loan loss is calculated by multiplying the loan loss rate of other financial institutions in the state by the total loans in this segment of the loan portfolio. The allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. The unallocated allowance is established to provide for probable losses that have been incurred as of the reporting date but are not reflected in the allocated allowance. We evaluate our loan portfolio on a quarterly basis and the allowance is adjusted accordingly. While we use the best information available to make evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if conditions differ substantially from the information used in making the evaluations. During 2022, we have not seen a significant increase in loan delinquencies, significant changes in deposits or significant drawdowns on lines of credit. Loan delinquencies do not include loans requesting payment deferral because of the COVID-19 pandemic unless required payments are delinquent. We do not have any commercial loans to hotels, businesses in the transportation industry, restaurants or retail establishments. Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan category and the percent of loans in each category to total loans at the dates indicated. The allowance for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category. The allowance for loan losses for each category is affected by the national and Hawaii economies as well as other factors. The allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Percent of Percent of Loans in Each Loans in Each Allowance for Category to Allowance for Category to Loan Losses Total Loans Loan Losses Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: First mortgage: One- to four-family residential 1,259 96.51 1,807 96.97 Multi-family residential 4 0.50 7 0.42 Construction, commercial and other 434 1.84 435 1.42 Home equity loans and lines of credit 1 0.49 1 0.54 Other loans 75 0.66 89 0.65 Total allocated allowance 1,773 100.00 2,339 100.00 Unallocated 259 330 Total 2,032 2,669 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth additional information regarding the allowance for loan losses and net charge-offs by category: 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Allowance for loan losses to total loans at end of year 0.16 0.20 Non-performing assets to total loans at end of year 0.18 0.25 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans at end of year 88.31 81.37 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding Residential Mortgage - - Construction, Commercial Other Mortgage Loans - - Home Equity loans and lines of credit - - Consumer Other 0.71 0.20 
 Management of Market Risk General . Our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk because, as a financial institution, the majority of our assets and liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Therefore, a principal part of our operations is to manage interest rate risk and limit the exposure of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Our Board of Directors has established an Asset/Liability Management Committee, which is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining the level of risk that is appropriate, given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives, and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. We have historically operated as a traditional thrift institution and a significant majority of our assets consist of long-term, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, which we have funded primarily with checking and savings accounts and short-term borrowings. There is also little demand for adjustable-rate mortgage loans in the Hawaii market area. This has resulted in our being particularly vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as our interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than our interest-earning assets. We continue our efforts to reduce interest rate risk. In 2022 and 2021, we sold fixed-rate mortgage loans with principal balances of 5.4 million and 36.2 million, respectively. We had a net increase in public deposits of 100.7 million in 2022 and a net decrease in public deposits of 44.2 million in 2021. In 2021, we restructured 20.0 million of FHLB advances which extended our average maturity date to reduce our interest rate risk. In addition, we may utilize the following strategies to further reduce our interest rate risk: Continuing our efforts to increase our core checking and savings accounts, which are less rate-sensitive than certificates of deposit and which provide us with a stable, low-cost source of funds; Continuing to repay short-term borrowings; Maintaining overnight cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank or a portfolio of short-term investments; Purchasing mortgage-backed securities with shorter durations; Selling a portion of the fixed-rate mortgage loans we originate to Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae; Extending the maturity of our liabilities by obtaining longer-term fixed-rate public deposits, FHLB advances and securities sold under agreements to repurchase; Subject to the maintenance of our credit quality standards, originating commercial loans and home equity lines of credit, which have adjustable interest rates and shorter average lives than first mortgage loans; and Maintaining relatively high regulatory capital ratios. Our policies do not permit hedging activities, such as engaging in futures, options or swap transactions, or investing in high-risk mortgage derivatives, such as collateralized mortgage obligation residual interests, real estate 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 mortgage investment conduit residual interests or stripped mortgage-backed securities. We do not have any current plans to sell loans classified as held-for-investment. Economic Value of Equity . We use an interest rate sensitivity analysis that computes changes in the economic value of equity (EVE) of our cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. EVE represents the market value of portfolio equity and is equal to the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities, with adjustments made for off-balance sheet items. This analysis assesses the risk of loss in market-risk-sensitive instruments in the event of an instantaneous and sustained 100 to 400 basis point increase or a 100 to 200 basis point decrease in market interest rates with no effect given to any steps that we might take to counter the effect of that interest rate movement. A basis point equals one-hundredth of one percent, and 100 basis points equals one percent. An increase in interest rates from 3 to 4 would mean, for example, a 100 basis point increase in the Change in Interest Rates column below. The following table presents our internal calculations of the estimated changes in our EVE as of December 31, 2022 that would result from the designated instantaneous changes in the interest rate yield curve. 

Increase (Decrease) in Estimated EVE Ratio as a EVE Ratio as a Change in Increase Percent of Percent of Interest Rates Estimated EVE (Decrease) in Percentage Present Value Present Value of (bp) (1) (2) EVE Change in EVE of Assets (3)(4) Assets (3)(4) (Dollars in thousands) +400 83,653 (176,982) (67.90) 5.75 (8.30) +300 119,458 (141,177) (54.17) 7.76 (6.29) +200 164,141 (96,494) (37.02) 10.03 (4.02) +100 211,748 (48,887) (18.76) 12.15 (1.90) 0 260,635 14.05 -100 304,359 43,724 16.78 15.46 1.41 -200 336,317 75,682 29.04 16.19 2.14 

 (1) Assumes an instantaneous uniform change in interest rates at all maturities. (2) EVE is the difference between the present value of an institution s assets and liabilities. (3) Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest-earning assets. (4) EVE Ratio represents EVE divided by the present value of assets. Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodologies used in determining interest rate risk through changes in EVE. Modeling changes in EVE requires making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. In this regard, the EVE table presented assumes that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the EVE table provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our EVE and net interest income and will differ from actual results. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations. Our primary obligations include meeting the borrowing needs of our customers, fulfilling deposit withdrawals, interest payments on deposits, and repayment of borrowings. Territorial Savings Bank s primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, cash balances at the FRB, loan and security repayments, advances from the FHLB, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and proceeds from loan and security sales. We also have the capability of securitizing mortgage loans that conform to Freddie Mac loan underwriting standards into mortgage-backed securities. These securities can either be sold or pledged as collateral for public deposits and borrowings to increase the Bank s cash on hand. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. We have established an Asset/Liability Management Committee, consisting of our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Operating Officer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and our Vice President and Senior Treasury Analyst, which is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. We believe that we have enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs as of December 31, 2022. We regularly monitor and adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of: (i) expected loan demand; (ii) purchases and sales of investment securities; (iii) expected deposit flows and borrowing maturities; (iv) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and (v) the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning deposits or securities and may also be used to pay off short-term borrowings. Our most liquid asset is cash. The amount of this asset is dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At December 31, 2022, the Company s cash and cash equivalents totaled 40.6 million. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the FHLB, which provide an additional source of funds. We also utilize securities sold under agreements to repurchase as another borrowing source. At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow up to an additional 769.1 million from the FHLB. Advances from the FHLB and securities sold under agreements to repurchase were 141.0 million and 10.0 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 million in loan commitments outstanding, all of which were for fixed-rate loans. In addition to commitments to originate loans, we had 14.4 million in unused lines of credit to borrowers. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022 totaled 356.9 million, or 20.8 of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we may be required to seek other sources of funds, including loan sales, brokered deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and FHLB advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before December 31, 2023. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. Our primary investing activities are originating loans and purchasing mortgage-backed securities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we originated 150.9 million and 360.7 million of loans, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, we purchased securities with a total face value of 169.4 million and 515.1 million, respectively. Financing activities consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts, FHLB advances, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, stock repurchases and dividend payments. We experienced net increases in deposits of 34.3 million and 22.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increases in deposits include a net increase in public deposits of 100.7 million in 2022 and a net decrease in public deposits of 44.2 million in 2021. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local competitors, and by other factors. As a separate legal entity, the Company is required to have liquidity to fund stock repurchases and dividend payments to shareholders and for other corporate purposes. Shares repurchased reduce the amount of shares issued and 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 outstanding. The repurchased shares may be reissued in connection with share-based compensation plans and for general corporate purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased 262,621 and 198,773 shares of common stock, respectively, at an average cost of 22.75 and 25.15 per share, respectively, as part of the repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, on a stand-alone basis, the Company had cash in banks of 28.5 million and 25.5 million, respectively. Territorial Savings Bank and the Company are subject to various regulatory capital requirements, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. At December 31, 2022, Territorial Savings Bank and the Company exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and are considered to be well capitalized under regulatory guidelines. See Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations Commitments. As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such as commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our potential future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans we make. In addition, we enter into commitments to sell mortgage loans. We sell loans under agreements that contain representations and warranties related to, among other things, the origination and characteristics of the mortgage loans. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that we have sold in cases of breaches of these representations and warranties. For additional information, see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2(w) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices Our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. U.S. GAAP generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration of changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation. ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Information required by this item is included in ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, above. ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat a 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Territorial Bancorp, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanyin g consolidated balance sheet s of Territorial Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses was 2,032,000 at December 31, 2022. The allowance for loan losses provides for estimated probable loan losses incurred, based on management s evaluation of the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses includes qualitative and environmental factors, which have a higher degree of management subjectivity, and include factors such as: changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices; changes in international, national, and local economic trends; changes in the type and volume of loans being originated; changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; changes in any concentration of credit; and external factors such as competition, legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio. We identified the estimation of qualitative and environmental factors used in the allowance for loan losses calculation as a critical audit matter. The qualitative and environmental factors are used to estimate losses related to factors that are not captured in the historical loss rates, and are based on management s evaluation of available internal and external data, which involves significant management judgement. Auditing management s judgments regarding the qualitative and environmental factors applied to the allowance for loan losses involved a high degree of subjectivity and complex auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Testing the mathematical accuracy and computation of the allowance for loan losses, including the qualitative and environmental factors, by re-performing or independently calculating significant elements of the allowance based on relevant source documents and independent, third-party data. Evaluating management s analysis of the qualitative and environmental factors, including changes in factors, assumptions or methodology from the prior year, by validating the completeness and accuracy of the inputs used, and performing a sensitivity analysis over the qualitative thresholds established by management. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Portland, Oregon March 17, 2023 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available for sale, at fair value Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Loans receivable, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost Accrued interest receivable Premises and equipment, net Right-of-use asset, net Bank-owned life insurance Deferred income tax assets, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Accounts payable and accrued expenses Lease liability Income taxes payable Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies: (Note 21 and 23) Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares, no shares issued or outstanding Common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Unearned ESOP shares ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Income For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Interest income: Loans Investment securities Other investments Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Total interest expense Net interest income Reversal of provision for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after reversal of provision for loan losses Noninterest income: Service and other fees Income on bank-owned life insurance Gain on sale of investment securities Net (loss) gain on sale of loans ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Equipment Federal deposit insurance premiums Other general and administrative expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Cash dividends declared per common share Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Unfunded pension liability ) Unrealized loss on securities ) ) Amount reclassified from other comprehensive income ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated Common Additional Unearned Other Total Shares Common Paid-in ESOP Retained Comprehensive Stockholders Outstanding Stock Capital Shares Earnings Loss Equity Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Share-based compensation Allocation of ESOP shares Repurchase of shares of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Share-based compensation Allocation of ESOP shares Repurchase of shares of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Reversal of provision for loan losses ) ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense Amortization of fees, discounts, and premiums, net ) ) Amortization of right-of-use asset Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Loss (gain) on sale of loans, net ) Gain on sale of investment securities available for sale ) Gain on sale of investment securities held to maturity ) Net loss on disposal of premises and equipment Gain on loan modification ) Gain on bank-owned life insurance ) ESOP expense Share-based compensation expense Net (increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) Net increase in bank-owned life insurance ) ) Net decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets ) Net increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Net decrease in lease liability ) ) Net decrease in advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance ) ) Net decrease in income taxes payable ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) Principal repayments on investment securities held to maturity Principal repayments on investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sale of investment securities held to maturity Proceeds from sale of investment securities available for sale Principal repayments on loans receivable, net of loan originations Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Reserve Bank stock ) ) Purchases of bank-owned life insurance ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) (Continued) 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Proceeds from advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Repayments of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash from financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest on deposits and borrowings Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Company stock repurchased through stock swap and net settlement transactions Establishment of right-of-use asset, net of incentives and modifications Establishment of lease liability, net of modifications See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements subsidiary, Territorial Financial Services, Inc. During 2021, an inactive subsidiary, Territorial Real Estate Co., was dissolved. branches located throughout Hawaii. We deal primarily in residential mortgage loans in the State of Hawaii. The Company s earnings depend primarily on its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets (loans receivable and investments) and the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities (deposit liabilities and borrowings). Deposits traditionally have been the principal source of the Bank s funds for use in lending, meeting liquidity requirements, and making investments. The Company also derives funds from receipt of interest and principal repayments on outstanding loans receivable and investments, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and proceeds from issuance of common stock. million of securities were classified as available-for-sale and the remaining securites were classified as held-to-maturity. At December 31, 2021, the Company classified all of its investments as held-to-maturity. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale or held-to-maturity security below cost, that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in an impairment to reduce the carrying amount to fair value. To determine whether impairment is other than temporary, the Company considers the type of the investment, the cause of the decline in value and the amount and duration of the decline in value. It also 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 of the mortgage-backed securities issued. The mortgage-backed securities received in securitizations are valued at fair value and classified as held-to-maturity. A gain or loss in the securitization transactions is recognized for the difference between the fair value of the mortgage-backed securities received and the amortized cost of the loans securitized. Mortgage loan transfers accounted for as sales and securitizations are without recourse, except for normal representations and warranties provided in sales transactions, and the Company may retain the related rights to service the loans. The retained servicing rights create mortgage servicing assets that are accounted for in accordance with the Transfers and Servicing topic of the FASB ASC. Mortgage servicing assets are initially valued at fair value and subsequently at the lower of cost or fair value and are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income. The Company uses a discounted cash flow model to determine the fair value of retained mortgage servicing rights. The amount of mortgage servicing rights is immaterial to the financial statement. , furniture, fixtures, and equipment is to , and automobiles are . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 forms of our outstanding common stock: common stock and unvested restricted stock awards. Holders of unvested restricted stock awards receive dividends at the same rate as common shareholders and they both share equally in undistributed earnings. Unvested restricted stock awards that are time-based contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are considered to be participating securities in the earnings per share computation using the two-class method. Under the two-class method, earnings are allocated to common shareholders and participating securities according to their respective rights to earnings. Unvested restricted stock awards that vest based on performance or market conditions are not considered to be participating securities in the earnings per share calculation because accrued dividends on shares that do not vest are forfeited. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income allocated to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income allocated to common shareholders by the sum of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock. ESOP shares not committed to be released are not considered outstanding. and shares of common stock, respectively, at an average cost of and per share, respectively, as part of the repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 of the Bank s Tier 1 capital plus the allowance for loan losses. At December 31, 2022, this limit was million and the Company had invested million in bank-owned life insurance at that date. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 million to million at the January 1, 2023 adoption date. The allowance for credit losses is expected to increase because the new standard measures credit losses over the expected life of the loans in the Company s loan portfolio. Most of the loans in the Company s loan portfolio are 30-year mortgage loans which have a long average life. All of the Company s investments in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations have been issued by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, or Ginnie Mae, which is a U.S. government agency. These agencies and enterprises guarantee the payment of principal and interest and therefore the Company will not record an allowance on its held-to-maturity or available-for-sale securities. The adoption of the current expected credit loss standard will be recorded by making an after-tax adjustment to retained earnings. Although the adjustment for the adoption of the current expected credit loss standard will reduce retained earnings, the Company will continue to be well-capitalized. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. The ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for loans modified as troubled debt restructurings by creditors while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Additionally, the ASU requires public business entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, upon the Company s adoption of the amendments in ASU 2016-13. The Company is currently evaluating the effects that ASU 2022-03 will have on its consolidated financial statements. In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions to clarify that contractual sale restrictions should not be considered in the measurement of the fair value of an equity security. The Company owns stock in the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and in the FHLB which is valued at historical cost which approximates fair value. Ownership of stock is a condition for services the Company receives from the FRB and FHLB. The stock is not publically traded and can only be issued, exchanged, redeemed or repurchased by the FRB and the FHLB. ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. Interest-earning deposits in other banks Cash and cash equivalents Interest-earning deposits in other banks consist primarily of deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ) Total ) Held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Total ) December 31, 2021: Held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Total ) The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities by maturity date at December 31, 2022 are shown below. Incorporated in the maturity schedule are mortgage-backed securities, which are allocated using the contractual maturity as a basis. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Total Held-to-maturity: Due within 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total 
 Realized gains and losses and the proceeds from sales of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities are shown in the table below. Gross gains Gross losses 
 The Company did not sell any held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities during 2022. During 2021, the Company sold million of held-to-maturity mortagage-backed securities and recorded gains of million. The sale of the mortgage-backed securities, for which the Company had already collected a substantial portion of the outstanding purchased principal (at least ), were in accordance with the Investments Debt and Equity Securities topic of the FASB ASC and do not taint management s assertion of its intent to hold the remaining securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio to maturity. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 million of available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities and recorded a gain of . Investment securities with amortized costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure deposits made by state and local governments, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and transaction clearing accounts. Provided below is a summary of investment securities which were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not intend to sell securities until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of value or the securities mature. ) ) Held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) December 31, 2021: Held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Mortgage-Backed Securities. The unrealized losses on the Company s investment in mortgage-backed securities were caused by increases in market interest rates subsequent to purchase. All of the mortgage-backed securities are guaranteed by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, or Ginnie Mae, which is a U.S. government agency. Since the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and the Company does not intend to sell these investments until maturity and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such investments prior to recovery of its cost basis, the Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. million of capital stock of the FHLB Des Moines. The Company evaluated its investment in the stock of the FHLB Des Moines for impairment. Based on the Company s evaluation of the underlying investment, including the long-term nature of the investment and the liquidity position of the FHLB Des Moines, the Company did not consider its FHLB stock other-than-temporarily impaired. There were no observable, orderly transactions at a price that would require the Company to update the value of the stock of the FHLB Des Moines. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 percent of capital and surplus of the Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank met such requirement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank owned million of capital stock of the FRB of San Francisco. The Company evaluated its investment in the stock of the FRB of San Francisco for impairment. Based on the Company s evaluation of the underlying investment, including the long-term nature of the investment and the liquidity position of the FRB of San Francisco, the Company did not consider its FRB stock other-than-temporarily impaired. There were no observable, orderly transactions at a price that would require the Company to update the value of the stock of the FRB of San Francisco. Multi-family residential Construction, commercial and other Home equity loans and lines of credit Total real estate loans Other loans: Loans on deposit accounts Consumer and other loans Total other loans Less: Net unearned fees and discounts ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Total unearned fees, discounts and allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment: (Reversal of provision) provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) Balance, end of year Year ended December 31, 2021: Balance, beginning of year (Reversal of provision) provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries (charge-offs) ) ) Balance, end of year The allowance for loan loss for each segment of the loan portfolio is generally determined by calculating the historical loss of each segment in a look-back period and adding a qualitative adjustment, when appropriate, for the following factors: changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices; changes in international, national, regional and local economic business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio; changes in the bank s internal loan review system; changes in the experience, depth and ability of personnel in the mortgage loan origination and loan servicing departments; changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans and classified assets; changes in the nature and volume of loans being originated; changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans; existence and any changes in concentrations of credit; external factors such as competition, legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio; and changes in the amount of loans with payment deferrals. The Company has granted loan payment deferrals to borrowers who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional loan loss provisions were established because of these loan payment deferrals and the higher unemployment rate that occurred because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. The unallocated allowance is established for probable losses that have been incurred as of the reporting date but are not reflected in the allocated allowance. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Total ending allowance balance Loans: Ending loan balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending loan balance December 31, 2021: Allowance for loan losses: Ending allowance balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending allowance balance Loans: Ending loan balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending loan balance 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the balance of impaired loans individually evaluated for impairment by class of loans: Home equity loans and lines of credit Consumer loans Total December 31, 2021: With no related allowance recorded: One- to four-family residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit Total The table below presents the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans by class of loans: Home equity loans and lines of credit Consumer loans Total 2021: With no related allowance recorded: One- to four-family residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit Total There were loans individually evaluated for impairment with a related allowance for loan loss as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Loans individually evaluated for impairment do not have an allocated allowance for loan loss because they are written down to fair value at the time of impairment. An impaired loan would also not have an allocated allowance if the value of the property securing the loan, less the cost to sell the property, is greater than the loan balance. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Multi-family residential mortgages Construction, commercial and other mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit Loans on deposit accounts Consumer and other Total December 31, 2021: One- to four-family residential mortgages Multi-family residential mortgages Construction, commercial and other mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit Loans on deposit accounts Consumer and other Total The Company primarily uses the aging of loans and accrual status to monitor the credit quality of its loan portfolio. When a mortgage loan becomes seriously delinquent or more contractually past due), it displays weaknesses that may result in a loss. As a loan becomes more delinquent, the likelihood of the borrower repaying the loan decreases and the loan becomes more collateral-dependent. A mortgage loan becomes collateral-dependent when the proceeds for repayment can be expected to come only from the sale or operation of the collateral and not from borrower repayments. Generally, appraisals are obtained after a loan becomes collateral-dependent or is delinquent. The carrying value of collateral-dependent loans is adjusted to the fair value of the collateral less selling costs. Any commercial real estate, commercial, construction or equity loan that has a loan balance in excess of a specified amount is also periodically reviewed to determine whether the loan exhibits any weaknesses and is performing in accordance with its contractual terms. The Company had nonaccrual loans with a book value of million at December 31, 2022 and nonaccrual loans with a book value of million as of December 31, 2021. The Company did not have any loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022. The Company had consumer loans totaling that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2021. There were loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were new troubled debt restructurings during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 that subsequently defaulted. Loan modifications under the CARES Act and the Interagency Statements issued by bank regulators in 2020 are discussed below. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Total December 31, 2021: One- to four-family residential mortgages Total There were delinquent troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2022. There was troubled debt restructuring for that was 59 days delinquent at December 31, 2021. Restructurings include deferrals of interest and/or principal payments and temporary or permanent reductions in interest rates due to the financial difficulties of the borrowers. At December 31, 2022, the Company has commitments to lend any additional funds to these borrowers. The CARES Act provided relief to financial institutions from categorizing eligible loan modifications as troubled debt restructurings over the remaining life of the modified loan. Eligible loan modifications under the CARES Act were required to be related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the borrower s payments must not have been more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. Loan modifications under the CARES Act must have been executed during the period from March 1, 2020 to January 1, 2022. Banking regulators issued similar guidance, which also clarified that a COVID-19 related loan modification should not be considered a troubled debt restructuring if the borrower was not more than 30 days past due on payments at the time the loan modification program was implemented and the modification is considered short-term (not to exceed six months). The Company uses the provisions of the CARES Act and the Interagency Statements to account for the eligible loans that received modifications. The Company has granted loan payment deferrals to borrowers who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The table below summarizes loans in the loan payment deferral program by class of loan for which deferred payment amounts continue to remain outstanding: Non-residential mortgage Total The loans on which the Company has granted loan payment deferrals are included in the ALLL calculation. However, loans performing under a loan payment deferral agreement are not considered contractually past due and are excluded from the past due statistics above. The ratio of the current loan balance to the current tax-assessed value of the property securing the mortgage loans in the payment deferral program averaged at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, one- to four-family residential mortgage loans represented of the Company s total loan portfolio balance with a ratio of the current loan balance to the current tax assessed value of the property securing these loans averaging . All of the Company s residential mortgage loans are secured by real estate in Hawaii. As of December 31, 2022, there were million of loans in the loan payment deferral program, of which 63.0 million had resumed regular payments and a one-to four-family mortgage loan was over delinquent. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were one- to four-family residential mortgage loans totaling in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022. There were loans in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2021. Nearly all the Company s real estate loans are collateralized by real estate located in the State of Hawaii. Loan-to-value ratios on these real estate loans generally do not exceed at the time of origination. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold mortgage loans held for sale with principal balances of million and million, respectively, and recognized a loss of and a gain of , respectively. The Company had loans held for sale at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company serviced loans for others with principal balances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million of loan balances relate to securitizations for which the Company continues to hold the related mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of contractually specified servicing fees earned was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fees are reported in service and other fees in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In the normal course of business, the Company has made loans to certain directors and executive officers under terms which management believes are consistent with the Company s general lending policies. Loans to directors and executive officers amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investment securities Interest-bearing deposits Total Interest rate contracts Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total derivatives 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Gains and losses on derivatives net to for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Buildings and improvements Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Automobiles Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Construction in progress Total Depreciation expense was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Savings accounts Certificates of deposit Money market Checking and Super NOW Total The maturity of certificate of deposit accounts at December 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Certificates of deposit with balances greater than or equal to 250,000 totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposit accounts in the Bank are insured by the FDIC, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per account owner. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Certificates of deposit and money market Checking and Super NOW Total At December 31, 2022 and 2021, overdrawn deposit accounts totaled and , respectively, and have been reclassified as loans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In the normal course of business, certain directors and executive officers (and their associated and affiliated parties) maintain deposit accounts with the Company totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. of the Bank s total assets and we had the capacity to borrow an additional million and million, respectively. During 2021, we restructured million of FHLB advances which lowered the average cost of FHLB advances from to , and extended the average maturity date by years . The restructuring was accounted for as a continuation of the existing borrowings with any prepayment fees recognized as an adjustment to the future cost of the restructured advances. There were no FHLB advances restructured in 2022. Advances outstanding consisted of the following: Due over 1 year to 2 years Due over 2 years to 3 years Due over 3 years to 4 years Due over 4 years to 5 years Total Over 2 years to 3 years Over 3 years to 4 years Total 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a summary comparing the carrying value and fair value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements, the repurchase liability, and the amount at risk at December 31, 2022. The amount at risk is the greater of the carrying value or fair value over the repurchase liability and refers to the potential loss to the Company if the secured lender fails to return the security at the maturity date of the agreement. All the agreements to repurchase are with JP Morgan Securities and the securities pledged are mortgage-backed securities issued and guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. The repurchase liability cannot exceed of the fair value of securities pledged. In the event of a decline in the fair value of securities pledged to less than the required amount due to market conditions or principal repayments, the Company is obligated to pledge additional securities or other suitable collateral to cure the deficiency. December 31, 2021: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase State Deferred Federal State Total 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The federal statutory corporate tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . A reconciliation of the tax provision based on the statutory corporate rate on pretax income and the provision for taxes as shown in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income is as follows: Income tax effect of: State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefits Other tax-exempt income ) ) Share-based compensation Meal and entertainment expenses Non-deductible executive compensation Recovery on bank-owned life insurance ) Other ) Total income tax expense Effective income tax rate The components of income taxes payable (receivable) are as follows: State Deferred taxes (receivable) payable: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) ) The current federal tax receivable at December 31, 2022 is primarily due to a tax refund for bonus depreciation on assets acquired in 2022. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below: Hawaii franchise tax Allowance for loan losses Employee benefit plans Equity incentive plan Deferred compensation Net lease liability Unrealized loss on securities available for sale Other Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred loan costs Premises and equipment FHLB stock dividends Prepaid expense Premiums on loans sold Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated using federal corporate tax rates of . In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced. There was valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. of service. The benefits are based on years of service and the employees compensation during the service period. The Company s policy is to accrue the actuarially determined pension costs and to fund pension costs within regulatory guidelines. The Company reviews its assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is appropriate to do so. The effect of modifications to those assumptions is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income beginning in 2006 and amortized to net periodic benefit cost over future periods using the corridor method. The Company believes that the assumptions utilized in recording its obligations under the plan are reasonable based on its experience and market conditions. In 2008, the Board of Directors approved changes to the Company s Pension Plan. Effective December 31, 2008, there are no further accruals of benefits for any participants and benefits do not increase with any additional years of service. Employees already enrolled in the Pension Plan as of December 31, 2008 will be vested if they 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 of service. For employees with less than five years of service, vesting would occur at the employee s anniversary date. In addition, the Company sponsors a Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (SERP), a noncontributory supplemental retirement benefit plan, which covers certain current and former employees of the Company for amounts in addition to those provided under the Pension Plan. The following table sets forth the status of the Pension Plan and SERP at the dates indicated: Change in projected benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost (income) ) ) Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Prepaid expenses and other assets (Accounts payable and accrued expenses) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Net actuarial loss Prior service cost Accumulated other comprehensive loss, before tax The accumulated benefit obligation experienced actuarial gains of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The actuarial gains are attributed to an increase in the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligation. In 2021, the actuarial gain was also due to actual benefit payments, rather than estimated payments, used to calculate the benefit obligation. The following table sets forth the changes recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the years indicated: Actuarial net loss (gain) arising during the period ) Amortizations (recognized in net periodic benefit cost): Actuarial loss ) ) Prior service cost ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year, before tax 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following weighted average assumptions were used to determine benefit obligations at the end of the year: Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A The dates used to determine retirement measurements for the Pension Plan were December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s investment strategy for the Pension Plan is to maintain a consistent rate of return with primary emphasis on capital appreciation and secondary emphasis on income to enhance the purchasing power of the plan s assets over the long-term and to preserve capital. The investment policy establishes a target allocation for each asset class that is reviewed periodically and rebalanced when considered appropriate. Normal target allocations at December 31, 2022 were domestic equity securities, international equity securities and bonds. Equity securities primarily include stocks, investment in exchange traded funds and large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap mutual funds. Bonds include U.S. Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities and corporate bonds of companies in diversified industries. Other types of investments include money market funds and savings accounts opened with the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Pension Plan s assets measured at fair value were classified as follows: Equities Mutual funds (1) Total December 31, 2021: Cash Equities Mutual funds (1) Total 

 (1) This category includes mutual funds that invest in equities and bonds. The mutual fund managers have the ability to change the amounts invested in equities and bonds depending on their investment outlook. Estimated future benefit payments reflecting expected future service at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 Total 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following weighted average assumptions were used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the fiscal years shown: Expected return on plan assets - - Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A The components of net periodic benefit cost were as follows: ) ) Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial loss Recognized curtailment loss Net periodic benefit (income) cost for the year: ) ) The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is included in salaries and employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The other components of net periodic benefit cost including interest cost, the return on plan assets and amortization of net loss are reported in other income. The expected return on plan assets is based on the weighted-average long-term rates of return for the types of assets held in the plan. The expected return on plan assets is adjusted when there is a change in the expected long-term rate of return or in the composition of assets held in the plan. The discount rate is based on the return of high-quality fixed-income investments that can be used to fund the benefit payments under the Company s defined benefit plan. The Company does not expect to make any contributions to the Pension Plan or the SERP in 2023. The Company also has a 401(k) defined contribution plan and profit sharing plan covering all employees after of service. The 401(k) plan provides for employer matching contributions, as determined by the Company, based on a percentage of employees contributions subject to a maximum amount defined in the plan agreement. The Company s 401(k) matching contributions, based on of employees contributions for 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. The Company contributes to the profit sharing plan an amount determined by the Board of Directors. contributions were made to the profit sharing plan for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. million from the Company and used those funds to acquire shares, or , of the total number of shares issued by the Company in its initial public offering. The shares were acquired at a price of per share. The loan is secured by the shares purchased with the loan proceeds and will be repaid by the ESOP over the -year term of the loan with funds from Territorial Savings Bank s contributions to the ESOP and dividends payable on the shares. The interest rate on the ESOP loan is an adjustable rate equal to the 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 . The interest rate adjusts annually and will be the prime rate on the first business day of the calendar year. Shares purchased by the ESOP are held by a trustee in an unallocated suspense account, and shares are released annually from the suspense account on a pro-rata basis as principal and interest payments are made by the ESOP to the Company. The trustee allocates the shares released among participants on the basis of each participant s proportional share of compensation relative to all participants. As shares are committed to be released from the suspense account, Territorial Savings Bank reports compensation expense based on the average fair value of shares released with a corresponding credit to stockholders equity. The shares committed to be released are considered outstanding for earnings per share computations. Compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. Shares held by the ESOP trust were as follows: Unearned shares Total ESOP shares Fair value of unearned shares, in thousands The ESOP restoration plan is a non-qualified plan that provides supplemental benefits to certain executives who are prevented from receiving the full benefits contemplated by the ESOP s benefit formula. The supplemental cash payments consist of payments representing shares that cannot be allocated to the participants under the ESOP due to IRS limitations imposed on tax-qualified plans. We accrue for these benefits over the period during which employees provide services to earn these benefits. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued and , respectively, for the ESOP restoration plan. vesting period during which participants are required to provide services in exchange for the awards. No new awards can be made under the 2010 Equity Plan, but awards previously made can continue to vest. There are shares remaining available for new awards under the 2019 Equity Plan. The Company recognized compensation expense, measured as the fair value of the share-based award on the date of grant, on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Share-based compensation is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of salaries and employee benefits with a corresponding increase in stockholders equity. The table below presents information on compensation expense and the related tax benefit for all share-based awards: Income tax benefit 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Options The table below presents the stock option activity of the Company: Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized compensation costs related to the stock option plan. Restricted Stock Restricted stock awards are accounted for as a fixed grant using the fair value of the Company s stock at the time of grant. Unvested restricted stock may not be disposed of or transferred during the vesting period. Restricted stock carries the right to receive dividends, although dividends attributable to restricted stock may be retained by the Company until the shares vest, at which time they are paid to the award recipient. Unvested restricted stock that is time-based contain nonforeitable dividend rights. Accrued dividends on restricted stock that do not vest based on performance or market conditions are forfeited. The table below presents the time-based restricted stock activity: Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of time-vested restricted stock to certain members of executive management under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. The fair value of the restricted stock is based on the value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. Time-vested restricted stock will vest over from the date of the grant. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 of unrecognized compensation costs related to time-vested restricted stock. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The table below presents the performance-based restricted stock units (PRSUs) that will vest on a performance condition: Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued PRSUs to certain members of executive management under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. These PRSUs will vest after they are granted after our Compensation Committee determines whether a performance condition that compares the Company s return on average equity to the SNL Bank Index is achieved. Depending on the Company s performance, the actual number of these PRSUs that are issued at the end of the vesting period can vary between to of the target award. For the PRSUs, an estimate is made of the number of shares expected to vest based on the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved to determine the amount of compensation expense to be recognized. This estimate is re-evaluated quarterly and total compensation expense is adjusted for any change in the current period. The fair value of these PRSUs is based on the fair value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized compensation costs related to these PRSUs. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Performance will be measured over a period and will be cliff vested. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued of PRSUs to certain members of executive management under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. These PRSUs will vest after they are granted after our Compensation Committee determines whether a market condition that compares the Company s total stock return to the SNL Bank Index is achieved. The number of shares that will be expensed will not be adjusted for performance and will be cliff vested. The market condition is measured quarterly by comparing the Company s three-year average total stock return to a peer group of other banks. The Company s percentile ranking in the peer group determines how many PRSUs will vest. The fair value of these PRSUs is based on a Monte Carlo valuation of the Company s stock on the date of grant. The assumptions which were used in the Monte Carlo valuation of the PRSUs are: Grant date: April 4, 2022 Performance period: January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024 year risk-free rate on grant date: December 31, 2021 closing price: Closing stock price on date of grant: Annualized volatility (based on year historical volatility as of the grant date): As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized compensation costs related to the PRSUs that are based on a market condition. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Income allocated to participating securities ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Weighted-average number of shares used in: Basic earnings per share Dilutive common stock equivalents: Stock options and restricted stock units Diluted earnings per share Net income per common share, basic Net income per common share, diluted Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes Net current period other comprehensive loss Balances at end of year December 31, 2021: Balances at beginning of year ) Other comprehensive (income) loss, net of taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income, net of taxes Net current period other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) Balances at end of year The table below presents the tax effect on each component of other comprehensive income and loss: ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities ) ) Amount reclassified from other comprehensive income ) Total ) ) ) 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million (interest rates from to and million (interest rates from to ), respectively, primarily consisting of fixed-rate residential first mortgage loans. In addition to commitments to originate loans, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in unused lines of credit to borrowers. The Company is required by the Federal Reserve Bank to maintain reserves based on the amount of deposits held. Effective March 25, 2020 the Federal Reserve Bank lowered the reserve requirement to zero percent, therefore, there were required reserve balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. billion. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Territorial Savings Bank exceeded all of the fully-phased in regulatory captial requirments and is considered to be well capitalized under regulatory guidelines. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 10.87 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 12.21 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank Territorial Bancorp Inc. Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank 10.50 25.98 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 29.16 Total Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank 12.50 26.20 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 29.39 December 31, 2021: Tier 1 Leverage Capital Territorial Savings Bank 5.00 11.09 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 12.31 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank Territorial Bancorp Inc. Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank 10.50 26.47 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 29.40 Total Risk-Based Capital (1) Territorial Savings Bank 12.50 26.78 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 29.70 

 (1) The required Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital and Total Risk-Based Capital ratios are based on the fully-phased in capital ratios in the Basel III capital regulations plus the 2.50 capital conservation buffer. Prompt Corrective Action provisions define specific capital categories based on an institution s capital ratios. However, the regulators may impose higher minimum capital standards on individual institutions or may downgrade an institution from one capital category to a lower category because of safety and soundness concerns. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. Prompt Corrective Action provisions impose certain restrictions on institutions that are undercapitalized. The restrictions imposed become increasingly more severe as an institution s capital category declines from undercapitalized to critically undercapitalized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital thresholds for a well-capitalized institution. There are conditions or events that have changed the institution s category under the capital guidelines. Depending on the amount of dividends to be paid, the Bank is required to either notify or make application to the Federal Reserve Bank before dividends are paid to the Company. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Other revenue Total Year ended December 31, 2021 Revenue from contracts with customers Other revenue Total 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities At December 31, 2022, future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable operating leases are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less lease incentives to be received in 2023 ) Less present value discount ) Present value of leases 
 The table below presents other lease related information: Weighted-average discount rate The Company leased to a tenant certain property that it owns under a non-cancelable lease that expired during 2021. The Company continues to rent to the tenant on a month-to-month basis. Rental income comprised of minimum rentals for 2022 and 2021 was approximately for each year. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans receivable, net FHLB stock FRB stock Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Accrued interest payable December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities held to maturity Loans receivable, net FHLB stock FRB stock Accrued interest receivable Interest rate contracts Liabilities Deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Accrued interest payable Interest rate contracts At December 31, 2022 and 2021, neither the commitment fees received on commitments to extend credit nor the fair value thereof was material to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. The table below presents the balance of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: December 31, 2021 Interest rate contracts assets Interest rate contracts liabilities ) ) There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Investment in Territorial Savings Bank Receivable from Territorial Savings Bank Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity Condensed Statements of Income Interest-earning deposit with Territorial Savings Bank Total interest and dividend income Noninterest expense: Salaries Other general and administrative expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiaries Income taxes ) ) Income before equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings of Territorial Savings Bank, net of dividends ) ) Net income 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of Territorial Savings Bank, net of dividends Net decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets Net decrease in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in Territorial Savings Bank Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period per share of common stock. The dividend was paid on February 23, 2023 to stockholders of record as of February 9, 2023. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedure s (a) An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. (b) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) in the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. ITEM 9B. Other Informatio n None. ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information in Territorial Bancorp Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Information About Executive Officers, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate Governance Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Procedures Procedures to be Followed by Stockholders, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 11. Executive Compensatio n The information in Territorial Bancorp Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Executive Compensation is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information in Territorial Bancorp Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Stock Ownership is incorporated herein by reference. Information with respect to the security ownership of our directors and executive officers is included above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, and is incorporated herein by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information Set forth below is information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans (other than our employee stock ownership plan) under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Number of Securities to Weighted-average Share-based Be Issued Upon Exercise Exercise Price of Compensation Plans of Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, (excluding securities Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights reflected in first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 146,347 

 (1) Reflects stock options only. ITEM 13. Certain Relationship s and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information in Territorial Bancorp Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Transactions with Certain Related Persons and Proposal 1 Election of Directors is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information in Territorial Bancorp Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Fees and Pre-Approval of Services by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 PART I V ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: (i) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (vi) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (vii) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (b) Exhibits 

3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Territorial Bancorp Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008 3.2 Bylaws of Territorial Bancorp Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Territorial Bancorp Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (file no. 001-34403), filed March 19, 2021. 10.1 Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Allan S. Kitagawa Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2009 10.2 Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.3 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.4 Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2009) 10.5 Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.6 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.7 Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Ralph Y. Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2009) 10.8 Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Ralph Y. Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 10.9 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Ralph Y. Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.10 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.11 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.12 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Ralph Y. Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.13 Executive Deferred Incentive Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.14 Executive Deferred Incentive Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.15 [Intentionally omitted] 10.16 Territorial Savings Bank Non-Qualified Supplemental Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2009) 10.17 Territorial Savings Bank Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.18 First Amendment to Territorial Savings Bank Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.19 Second Amendment to Territorial Savings Bank Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.20 [Intentionally Omitted] 10.21 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.22 Form of Employee Stock Option Award (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.23 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.24 Form of Director Stock Option Award (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2011) 10.25 Territorial Savings Bank Separation Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-155388), initially filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2008) 10.26 Amendment One to Territorial Savings Bank Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement for Vernon Hirata Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2011) 10.27 Amendment One to Territorial Savings Bank Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement for Ralph Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2011) 10.28 [Intentionally Omitted] 10.29 Amendment Two to Territorial Savings Bank Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement for Vernon Hirata Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2012 10.30 Amendment Two to Territorial Savings Bank Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement for Ralph Nakatsuka (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2012) 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 10.31 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on March 15, 2013) 10.32 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.33 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Vernon Hirata Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.34 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.35 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Allan S. Kitagawa Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.36 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Ralph Nakatsuka Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.37 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Ralph Nakatsuka Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.38 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Incentive Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.39 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Allan S. Kitagawa Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.40 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Vernon Hirata Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.41 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Agreement between Territorial Savings Bank and Ralph Nakatsuka Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Committee on November 7, 2014) 10.42 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (file No. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2017) 10.43 Territorial Bancorp Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, as amended Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (file No. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2017 10.44 Territorial Bancorp Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (file No. 001-34403), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019) 10.45 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 10.46 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 10.47 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 10.48 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 10.49 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (time-based) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 10.50 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (performance-based) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-237039), filed by Territorial Bancorp Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020) 10.51 Form of Amendment, dated October 8, 2021, to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement for Allan S. Kitagawa, Vernon Hirata and Ralph Nakatsuka 23 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial statements from Territorial Bancorp Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 17, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.INS Interactive datafile XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Interactive datafile XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Interactive datafile XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Interactive datafile XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Interactive datafile XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Interactive datafile XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) (c) Financial Statement Schedules Not applicable. ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summ ary Not applicable. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TERRITORIAL BANCORP INC. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Allan S. Kitagawa Allan S. Kitagawa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Representative) Pursuant to requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures Title Date /s/ Allan S. Kitagawa Chairman of the Board, March 17, 2023 Allan S. Kitagawa President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Melvin M. Miyamoto Executive Vice President and March 17, 2023 Melvin M. Miyamoto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Kirk W. Caldwell Director March 17, 2023 Kirk W. Caldwell /s/ Howard Y. Ikeda Director March 17, 2023 Howard Y. Ikeda /s/ Jennifer A. Isobe Director March 17, 2023 Jennifer A. Isobe /s/ John M. Ohama Director March 17, 2023 David S. Murakami /s/ Jan M. Sam Director March 17, 2023 Jan M. Sam /s/ Francis E. Tanaka Director March 17, 2023 Francis E. Tanaka 
 106 

<EX-10.51>
 2
 tbnk-20221231xex10d51.htm
 EX-10.51

Exhibit 10.51 TERRITORIAL SAVINGS BANK AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT AGREEMENT FOR WHEREAS, Territorial Savings Bank (the Bank has entered into an amended and restated supplemental employee retirement agreement (the SERP with (the Executive as of October 29, 2008; WHEREAS, the parties to the SERP desire to amend the SERP, effective July 1, 2021, in order to provide that the Bank will reimburse the Executive for expenses incurred in connection with a tax inquiry, audit, or litigation addressing the Executive s tax liability with respect to the benefit provided under the SERP; and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.1 of the SERP, the Bank may amend the SERP at any time. NOW THEREFORE, the SERP is hereby amended as follows: 1. Article 2 of the SERP is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 2.6 at the end thereof: 2.6 Tax Inquiry, Audit, and Litigation Expenses . The Executive s Normal Retirement Date was prior to the effective date of this Section 2.6. It is intended that the payment of any benefit under this Agreement on or after the Executive s Normal Retirement Date will constitute a payment by reason of retirement (or death), and such benefit will constitute a pension as described in Section 235-7(a)(3) of the Hawaii Revised Statutes and Section 18-235-7-03 of the Hawaii Administrative Rules which is excluded from gross income, adjusted gross income, and taxable income by the State of Hawaii. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the Executive incurs legal, accounting, or consulting expenses in connection with a tax inquiry, audit, or litigation addressing the existence or amount of the Executive s tax liability with respect to any benefit under this Agreement, whether such liability is for federal, state, local, or foreign tax (and specifically taxation as income by the State of Hawaii), the Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement of such expenses. In accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(v), the Bank shall pay any reimbursement of such expenses to the Executive no later than, (a) in cases where taxes are determined to be due as a result of the inquiry, audit, or litigation, the end of the Executive s taxable year next following the Executive s taxable year in which the Executive remits the applicable taxes to the taxing authority and, (b) in cases where taxes are determined not to be due as a result of the inquiry, audit, or litigation, the end of the Executive s taxable year next following the Executive s taxable year in which the inquiry or audit is completed, or there is a final 

 and nonappealable settlement or other resolution of the litigation. The Bank and the Executive shall take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that any reimbursement payable under this Section 2.6 is paid to the Executive however, no reimbursement shall be payable or be paid following the expiration of the applicable period specified herein. This Section 2.6 shall not be construed to entitle the Executive to any tax gross-up payment to reimburse the Executive for any federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed upon the Executive as a result of any benefit under this Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and the Executive have adopted this Amendment, on the date set forth below. 

TERRITORIAL SAVINGS BANK By Date Its EXECUTIVE Date 
 
 2 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-23>
 3
 tbnk-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-168839, No. 333-170579, No. 333-218723, and No. 333-237039) of Territorial Bancorp Inc. of our report dated March 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Territorial Bancorp Inc. and Subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Portland, Oregon March 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tbnk-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Allan S. Kitagawa, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Territorial Bancorp Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 

/s/ Allan S. Kitagawa Allan S. Kitagawa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tbnk-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Melvin M. Miyamoto, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Territorial Bancorp Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 

/s/ Melvin M. Miyamoto Melvin M. Miyamoto Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 tbnk-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Territorial Bancorp Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, Allan S. Kitagawa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Melvin M. Miyamoto, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to best of his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Allan S. Kitagawa Date: March 17, 2023 Allan S. Kitagawa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Melvin M. Miyamoto Date: March 17, 2023 Melvin M. Miyamoto Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Territorial Bancorp Inc. and will be retained by Territorial Bancorp Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tbnk-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tbnk-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tbnk-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tbnk-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

