<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_890394_0001213900-23-024118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7543274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316740</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1453250</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1838393</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1976254</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1747116</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024118.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329163555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Peraso Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000890394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				770291941
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32929
		FILM NUMBER:		23775692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2309 BERING DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408 418 7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2309 BERING DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MoSys, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060530

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MONOLITHIC SYSTEM TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024118.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_perasoinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Series AA Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the Nasdaq
Stock Market on June 30, 2022 was . 

The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant s
exchangeable shares, no par value, was 9,106,876 as of March 23, 2023. 

The number of shares of the Registrant s
common stock outstanding, par value 0.001 per share, as of March 23, 2023, was . 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information
Contained in this Report 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 49 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 50 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 52 

Signatures 
 53 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Report,
and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act , and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ,
which include, without limitation, statements about the market for our products, technology, our strategy, competition, expected financial
performance and other aspects of our business identified in this Report, as well as other reports that we file from time to time with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statements about our business, financial results, financial condition and operations contained
in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward- looking statements. These forward-looking statements
represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
other factors including, without limitation, the direct and indirect effects of coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, and related issues
that may arise therefrom. Without limiting the foregoing, the words believes, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, projects, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors, including the risk factors described in Part I., Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Report. We undertake
no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future. 

Peraso , MoSys ,1T-SRAM and
Bandwidth Engine are registered trademarks of Peraso Inc. QPR , LineSpeed and PERSPECTUS 
are trademarks of Peraso Inc. 

Unless expressly indicated or the context requires
otherwise, the terms Peraso, the Company, we, us or our in this
Report refer to Peraso Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

ii 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Peraso Inc., together with its subsidiaries Peraso, 
the Company, we, our or us ), is a fabless semiconductor company focused on
the development and sale of: i) semiconductor devices and millimeter wavelength wireless
technology, or mmWave antenna modules based on its proprietary semiconductor devices and ii) performance of non-recurring engineering,
or NRE, services and licensing of intellectual property, or IP. Our primary focus is the development of mmWave, which is generally
described as the frequency band from 24 Gigahertz, or GHz, to 300GHz. Our mmWave products enable a range of applications,
including i) multi-gigabit point-to-point, or PtP, wireless links with a range of up to 25 kilometers and operating in the 60Ghz frequency
band, ii) multi-gigabit point-to-multi-point, or PtMP, links in the 60GHz frequency band used to provide fixed wireless access, or FWA,
services, iii) FWA in the 5G operating bands from 24GHz to 43GHz to provide multi-gigabit capability and low latency connections, and
iv) consumer applications, such as wireless video streaming and untethered augmented reality and virtual reality, or AR/VR. We
also have a line of memory-denominated integrated circuits, or ICs, for high-speed cloud networking, communications, security appliance,
video, monitor and test, data center and computing markets that deliver time-to-market, performance, power, area and economic benefits
for system original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs. 

Business Combination 

We were formerly
known as MoSys, Inc., or MoSys. On September 14, 2021, we and our subsidiaries, 2864552 Ontario Inc. and 2864555 Ontario Inc., entered
into an Arrangement Agreement, or the Arrangement Agreement, with Peraso Technologies Inc., or Peraso Tech, a privately-held corporation
existing under the laws of the province of Ontario, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Peraso Tech, or the
Peraso Shares, including those Peraso Shares to be issued in connection with the conversion or exchange of secured convertible debentures
and common share purchase warrants of Peraso Tech, as applicable, by way of a statutory plan of arrangement, or the Arrangement, under
the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). On December 17, 2021, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set
forth in the Arrangement Agreement, the Arrangement was completed, and we changed
our name from MoSys to Peraso Inc. and began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market, or the Nasdaq, under the symbol PRSO. 
Certain previous shareholders of Peraso Tech elected to convert their Peraso Tech common stock into exchangeable shares in 2864555 Ontario
Inc., one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. These exchangeable shares, which can be converted into our common stock at the option of the
holder, are similar in substance to our common stock. 

Industry Trends and Market Opportunities 

mmWave 

The demand for wireless services is increasing
exponentially, and, as a result, the current low frequency spectrum (under 7GHz) is running out of capacity. While service providers have
maximized the capacity of the available spectrum, demand continues to outpace supply. We believe that mmWave spectrum will need to be
utilized. 

MmWave has been standardized for use in both licensed
and unlicensed applications. In the licensed market, the 3rd Generation Partnership Project, or 3GPP, standards organizations have included
mmWave frequencies in the 5G specification, utilizing the frequency band from 24GHz to 43GHz. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, or IEEE, has standardized mmWave in the unlicensed band from 57GHz to 71GHz. We believe mmWave will soon be licensed on the
45GHz band in China. 

A primary opportunity for the unlicensed product
line is the FWA market. This market is primarily driven by wireless Internet service providers, or WISPs, in contrast to the licensed
market, which is primarily serviced by large telecommunications carriers such as AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile. Pursuant to the 2022
Fixed Wireless Access and Infrastructure and Devices report issued in September 2022 by
Mobile Experts Inc., the WISP market has been estimated to be 3.2M subscribers in 2023 . The market is primarily served today
by traditional WiFi technology using the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands. From an equipment perspective, this worldwide market is historically serviced
by FWA original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, such as Ubiquiti Inc., Cambium Networks, Ltd. and SIA MikroTik. WISPs are addressing
a segment of the broadband market not served by the traditional carriers, or, in some cases, underserved by the carriers. 

This market
has been helped in recent years with the advent of government incentives aimed at closing the so-called digital divide between
urban and rural broadband access. In the United States, such incentive programs include the Regional Digital Opportunity Fund, or RDOF,
the Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment, or BEAD, Program, and the Affordable Connectivity Program. However, in addition to rural
markets, WISPs have begun offering services in large urban markets in the United States, such as Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Phoenix. The
basic business premise is that the 60GHz spectrum is free, and WISPs can pass this cost savings on the customer and compete with more
traditional Internet access services, such as cable broadband or digital subscriber line, or DSL. 

1 

There are several other market opportunities
for 60GHz mmWave technology. Such market opportunities include transportation safety, factory automation, military, and railway communications. 

Our 60GHz products can also be applied to consumer
applications, as our technology can provide key advantages to this market. For example, the data rates of our Versatus antenna module
product is 3Gbps, which is a good fit for high performance, 4K video for VR applications. Additionally, VR requires very low latency;
under 5ms. Another benefit of 60GHz in the VR market, and in the streaming video market, is low interference. A primary characteristic
of mmWave technology is the use of beamforming, which focuses the radio frequency, or RF, energy into a narrow beam. Not only does this
provide improved range, it also provides physical isolation from other transmitters, and leads to reduced interference versus traditional
wireless technology. Other high performance video applications include streaming, docking, surveillance, and AR. 

Considering the licensed 5G market, there are
several primary applications for mmWave. Our initial target is the FWA segment. In this market segment, carriers provide their customers
with a fixed wireless link to a base station or small cell, thus providing the customer with high-speed access to the Internet. mmWave
can provide download speeds of over 1 Gbps and upload speeds of several hundred megabits per second. In addition, mmWave is a much cheaper
alternative to installing fiber and allows carriers an additional advantage and competitive advantage against other access technologies,
such as cable broadband. Additionally, our mmWave antenna modules can be utilized in consumer-premise applications, including hotspots,
laptops and tablets. 5G mmWave has support from major industry players. Apple has incorporated mmWave wireless into substantially all
versions of the iPhone for sale in the US market. The basic premise is the ever-increasing demand for bandwidth. Verizon is the leading
carrier in the US at deploying mmWave for both mobile and fixed wireless access. The initial use case for cellular service providers is
to provide their customer base (primarily smart-phone customers) with continuity of network access in highly congested environments, such
as sporting events, public beaches, music festivals or generally any large gathering where thousands of users are attempting to access
the network simultaneously. We believe that mmWave will gain universal acceptance, as users will demand full continuity in terms of network
access, and we are well positioned to address the mobile opportunity for mmWave, which is expected to present an order of magnitude increase
in the total available market. 

mmWave is not without challenges, as mmWave signals
do not typically travel as far as traditional wireless signals and are more attenuated by solid objects. Mitigation strategies must be
deployed, particularly with regard to the management of signal propagation. Whereas traditional wireless devices utilize a broad, omni-antenna
pattern, mmWave systems rely on phased array technology, which focusses the radio signal into a narrow beam to improve propagation characteristics.
Peraso is a global leader in implementing these sophisticated radio systems and is one of the few companies in the market that is successfully
shipping phased array devices in mass production. 

Memory 

Our memory solutions deliver time-to-market,
performance, power, area and economic benefits for system original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs. Our primary product line is marketed
under the Accelerator Engine name and comprises our Bandwidth Engine and quad-partition rate SRAM memory ICs, which integrate our proprietary,
1T-SRAM high-density embedded memory and a highly-efficient serial interface protocol resulting in a monolithic memory IC solution optimized
for memory bandwidth and transaction access performance. Further performance benefits can be achieved to offload statistical, search or
other custom functions using our optional integrated logic and processor elements. 

2 

As data rates and the amount of high-speed processing
increase, critical memory access bottlenecks occur. Our Accelerator Engine ICs dramatically increase memory accesses per second, removing
these bottlenecks. In addition, the serial interface and high-memory capacity reduce the board footprint, number of pins and complexity,
while using less power. 

Our Products 

Our primary focus is the development, marketing
and sale of our mmWave products. Currently, there are two industry standards that incorporate mmWave technology for wireless communications:
(i) IEEE 802.11ad/ay and (ii) 3GPP Release 15-17 (commonly referred to as 5G). We have developed and continue to develop products that
conform to these standards. To date, we have not sold any 5G products. 

mmWave ICs 

Our first mmWave product
line operates in the 60 GHz band and conforms to the IEEE 802.11ad standard. This product line includes a baseband IC, several variations
of mmWave radio frequency, or RF, ICs, as well as associated antenna technology. The second product line addresses the 5G mmWave
opportunity. Given our extensive experience in the development of mmWave technology, 5G mmWave, is a logical adjacent and larger
market. 

Our initial target market was the 60GHz IEEE 802.11ad
market. Our 60GHz IEEE802.11ad products had two very important advantages over traditional 2.4GHz / 5GHz Wi-Fi products: very high
data rates (up to 4.5 Gigabits per second, or Gb/s) and low latency, i.e., less than 5 milliseconds, or ms. The first application that
had traction was outdoor broadband, including applications such as point-to-point, or PtP, backhaul links or FWA using point-to-multipoint,
or PtMP, links. As the spectrum is unlicensed (free), wireless carriers can provide services without having to spend significantly on
wireless spectrum licenses. These services are offered by WISPs. The WISP market has seen significant growth over the last six years.
In the United States, the number of subscribers that WISP providers serve has grown from 4 million in 2016 to 6.7 million in 2022 and
could grow to 12.7 million subscribers in 2025, based on The 2021 Fixed-Wireless and Hybrid ISP Industry Report prepared by the
Carmel Group. 	 

We are a leading supplier
of semiconductors in the PtP and PtMP markets. We are currently shipping to leading equipment suppliers in this space, as well as directly
to service providers that are building their own equipment. We believe we bring certain advantages to the market. First, our products
support the spectrum from 66 GHz to 71GHz. These are often referred to as channels 5 and 6 in the 802.11ad/ay specifications. The key
advantage in supporting these channels is that the signals are able to propagate much further than channels 1 through 4; this
is a result of significantly lower oxygen absorption at frequencies above 66GHz. To date, our FWA customers have achieved links in the
range of 25 kilometers, which is substantially longer than any past 60 GHz links. 

In the indoor area, the 802.11ad
technology is ideal for high-speed, low-latency video applications. In indoor applications, our products can support 3Gb/s links with
under 5ms of latency. Example applications include: 

AR/VR links between the headset and
 the video console; 

USB video cameras for corporate video conferencing; 

wireless security cameras; and 

smart factory safety and
surveillance. 

We are a leader in the production of
mmWave devices and have pioneered a high-volume mmWave production test methodology using standard low-cost production test equipment.
It has taken us several years to refine performance of this production test methodology, and we believe this places us in a leadership
position to address the operational challenge of delivering mmWave products into high-volume markets. 

3 

mmWave Antenna Modules 

In the second half of 2021, we augmented
our business model to produce and sell complete mmWave antenna modules. The primary advantage provided by our antenna modules is that
our proprietary mmWave ICs and the antenna are integrated into a single device. A differentiating characteristic of mmWave technology is
that the RF amplifiers must be as close as possible to the antenna to minimize loss. By providing a module, we can
guarantee the performance of the amplifier/antenna interface and simplify our customer s RF design engineering,
facilitating more opportunities for new companies that have not provided RF-type systems, as well as shortening the time to market
for new products. It is possible for third parties to provide competitive module products, but, because we utilize our mmWave ICs
and incorporate our proprietary mmWave antenna IP, we can provide a highly-competitive solution based on our internally-owned and developed
module components. 

During 2022, we launched our PERSPECTUS family
of mmWave antenna modules to enable WISPs to offer high-capacity FWA networks in the unlicensed 60-GHz spectrum. The PERSPECTUS product
family includes a new generation of integrated 60-GHz mmWave antenna modules and enhanced software for PtMP FWA applications. Our PERSPECTUS
products allow rapid development of low-cost network equipment utilizing over 14 GHz of spectrum to provide multi-gigabit access services.
Leveraging our integrated phased-array antennas and operating in the upper channels of the band, link ranges from 1.5 kilometers up to
extended ranges of 30 kilometers can be achieved using a parabolic reflector. 

Memory 

Accelerator Engines 

Our memory products comprise
our Accelerator Engine ICs, which include our Bandwidth Engine and quad-partition rate SRAM memory ICs. 

Bandwidth Engine 

The Bandwidth Engine is a
memory-dominated IC that was designed to be a high-performance companion IC to packet processors and is targeted for high-performance
applications where throughput is critical. While the Bandwidth Engine primarily functions as a memory device with a high-performance and
high-efficiency interface, it also can accelerate certain processing operations by serving as a co-processor element. Our Bandwidth Engine
ICs combine: (1) our proprietary high-density, high-speed, low latency embedded memory, (2) our high-speed serial interface
technology, or SerDes, (3) an open-standard interface protocol and (4) intelligent access technology. We believe an IC combining
our 1T-SRAM memory and serial interface with logic and other intelligence functions provides a system-level solution and significantly
improves overall system performance at lower cost, size and power consumption. Our Bandwidth Engine ICs can provide up to and over 6.5 billion
memory accesses per second externally and 12 billion memory accesses per second internally, which we believe is more than three times
the performance of current memory-based solutions. They also can enable system designers to significantly narrow the gap between processor
and memory IC performance. Our customers that design Bandwidth Engine ICs onto the line cards in their systems will re-architect their
systems at the line-card level and use our product to replace traditional memory IC solutions, such as dynamic random access, or DRAM,
and static random access memory, or SRAM, ICs. When compared with existing commercially available DRAM and SRAM IC solutions, our Bandwidth
Engine ICs may: 

provide up to four times the
performance; 

reduce power consumption by
approximately 50 ; 

reduce cost by greater than
50 ; and 

result in a dramatic reduction
in IC pin counts on the line card. 

4 

Our Bandwidth Engine 2 IC
products contain 576 megabits, or Mb, of memory and use a SerDes interface with up to 16 lanes operating at up to 12.5 Gbps per lane.
We have been shipping our Bandwidth Engine 2 IC products since 2013. 

Our Bandwidth Engine 3 IC
products contain 1152 Mb of memory and use a SerDes interface with up to 16 lanes operating at up to 25 Gbps per lane. Our Bandwidth Engine
3 ICs target support for packet-processing applications with up to five billion memory single word accesses per second, as well as burst
mode to enable full duplex buffering up to 400 Gbps for ingress, egress and oversubscription applications. The devices provide benefits
of size, power, pin count, and cost savings to our customers. 

QPR 

Our quad partition rate, or
QPR, family of low cost, ultra-high speed SRAM memory devices are optimized for FPGA-based systems. Our QPR memory technology features
an architecture that allows for parallel accesses to multiple partitions of the memory simultaneously and allows access of up to 576 bits
per read or write cycle. The QPR device includes four independent partitions per input/output and each partition functions as a stand-alone
random-access SRAM. The high-performance interface, larger density and the multiple partitions work together to support multiple independent
functional blocks within an FPGA with one QPR device. Our MSQ220 and MSQ230 QPR devices are ideally suited for random-access applications. 

Research and Development 

Our ability to compete in the future depends
on successfully improving our technology to meet the increasing demand for higher performance and lower cost solutions. Development of
new IC products requires specialized chip design and product engineers, expensive computer-aided design software licenses, and significant
fabrication and testing costs, including mask costs. 

We have over 14 years of technical know-how in the design and manufacturing
of mmWave technology. The most important aspect of this knowledge is knowing how mmWave circuits will perform in a real-world environment.
Traditionally, semiconductor design utilizes sophisticated computer-aided design software to simulate the performance of a device that
is manufactured at a specific semiconductor manufacturing plant. However, mmWave is extremely difficult to model precisely. Therefore,
the only path to understand how well a device will perform is to produce the device and test it in a real-world application. Over the
last decade, many companies have attempted to develop mmWave semiconductor devices, however, given that the devices had inconsistent or
weak performance, a number of the companies were unsuccessful and abandoned their design and product development efforts. As an example
of our leadership and expertise in the development of mmWave technology, we were an active participant in the development of the IEEE
802.11ay wireless specification and, to date, have been granted nine essential claims patents with respect to this standard. 

At a system level, there are additional technical
challenges presented by mmWave technology that we have overcome and form a key part of our internal know-how. For example, a key technology
of mmWave is the concept of beamforming and beam steering using a phased array antenna. This technology is utilized to concentrate the
RF energy into a narrow beam to improve the range and coverage of mmWave devices. We have developed effective beamforming and beam steering
technology for phased array circuits and antennas. While there are many academic examples of successful phased array implementations,
there is a vast barrier between a laboratory version of phased array technology and a version that is deployed for commercial
use. One such aspect is the implementation of the beamforming procedure, which seeks to maximize throughput and do so while not impacting
latency. While the details of achieving this are complex, it is important-intellectual property that we have gained through real-world
experience. 

With regard to our memory products, we do not
have internal resources to develop new, memory IC products, and do not intend to expend any development efforts or funds to develop new
memory products. That said, we believe our Accelerator Engine IC products will provide us with meaningful revenue and gross margin contributions
through at least the end of 2024. We intend to continue to devote substantially all of our research and development efforts toward further
expanding our mmWave technology portfolio and expanding our product offerings. 

5 

Sales and Marketing 

In addition to our direct sales personnel, we
sell through sales representatives and distributors in the United States, Asia and Europe. Our distributors have a global presence with
offices and technical selling and applications engineering capabilities, which we believe will enable us to reach new potential customers
for our products. 

We also have applications engineers who support
our customer engagements and engage with the customers system architects and designers to propose and implement our products and
solutions to address system design challenges and improve performance. 

In the markets we serve, the time from a design
win to production volume shipments of our IC products can range from 12 to 36 months. Networking, wireless and wired communication and
security appliance systems can have a product life from a few years to over 10 years once a product like ours has been designed into the
system. Historically, our revenue has been highly concentrated, with a few customers accounting for a significant percentage of our total
revenue. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, four
customers accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues, including Nokia Corporation at 26 , WeLink Communications LLC, or WeLink, at
21 , CEAC International Limited, or CEAC, a distributer selling to Ubiquiti Inc., at 16 , and F5, Inc. at 11 . During the year ended December
31, 2021, three customers accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues, including CEAC at 48 , WeLink at 19 and Alltek Technology Corp.,
a distributer selling to Ubiquiti Inc., at 11 . 

Intellectual Property 

We regard our patents, copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets and similar intellectual property as critical to our success and rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright,
and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. 

As of December 31, 2022, we held 95 United States
patents and 59 foreign patents on various aspects of our mmWave, antenna, memory and other technology, with expiration dates ranging from
2025 to 2041. We also held 15 pending patent applications in the United States and abroad. There can be no assurance that others will
not independently develop or patent similar or competing technology or design around any patents that may be issued to us, or that we
will be able to successfully enforce our patents against infringement by others. 

We were also an active participant in the development
of the IEEE 802.11ay wireless specification and, to date, have been granted nine essential claims patents with respect to this standard.
Essential claims patents are of particular value as a specification cannot be implemented without obtaining a license to the patents from
us. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by
frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Our IC customers, licensees or we might, from time to time,
receive notice of claims that we have infringed patents or other intellectual property rights owned by others. Our successful protection
of our patents and other intellectual property rights and our ability to make, use, import, offer to sell, and sell products free from
the intellectual property rights of others are subject to a number of factors, particularly those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors. 

Competition 

mmWave 

mmWave circuit and system design is a highly
specialized engineering skill, as mmWave is a challenging technology to ship in mass production. At frequencies above 24GHz, circuits
are extremely vulnerable to small variances in the semiconductor manufacturing process. Designing circuits that minimize susceptibility
to these variances takes years of development, and we believe we are one of the few companies in the world that is skilled in mmWave design.
Further, we have shipped mmWave devices in volume, and ensuring all devices sold adhere to strict performance standards is a core competency
we have developed. In addition, we have developed our own mmWave phased array antenna technology, which allows us to be highly competitive
in terms of overall system cost. Our customers do not need to engage with third-party antenna suppliers, thus eliminating the additional
cost for a third-party antenna. 

6 

Unlicensed IEEE 802.11ad/ay Market: 

Our primary competitor in the IEEE802.11ad/ay
market is Qualcomm. The primary benefit that we provide to the market is the support of the higher frequency bands from 66GHz to 71GHz.
The advantage at these frequencies is that oxygen attenuation is significantly reduced, and signals can travel much further. 

We also have key points of differentiation compared
to Qualcomm for wireless video devices. We are well positioned in this market, as we have USB 3.0 built into our devices, so our products
generally support USB architectures. A prime example is the replacement of the USB cable with a wireless version using our technology.
There are many applications where this can be of use, including USB web cams, wireless displays, and AR/VR headsets. We have invested
significant software resources into providing the market with wireless USB solutions, and we believe there is no other mmWave vendor in
the world that can offer multi-gigabit solutions as a replacement for wired USB. 

Licensed 5G Market: 

With 5G, our efforts are focused on the mmWave
RF front-end phased array component of the system. The 5G product instantiation is an RF module utilizing our proprietary intellectual
property. Key elements of our mmWave intellectual property include: 

RF circuits; 

phased-array antenna; and 

in-system circuit calibration, beam forming, real-time system
monitoring. 

From a competitive perspective, we believe we
are currently the only pure-play, 5G vendor to offer a dual-band (28/39GHz) RF solution for the FWA market. Qualcomm does offer a 5G RF
solution for the FWA market, however its solution is based on aggregating its mobile RF solution, which requires several compromises in
terms of cost, performance, and power consumption. With an initial focus on fixed wireless access, we can derive advantages by optimizing
our silicon for that specific market. Furthermore, we have achieved traction in the unlicensed, 60GHz, FWA market, and we believe we will
be able to transfer all of our knowledge gained from the 60GHz market to the 5G market. However, this market opportunity is more competitive,
and potential competitors, in addition to Qualcomm, include MediaTek Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung. 

Memory 

The markets for our memory products are highly
competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors are: 

processing speed and performance; 

density and cost; 

power consumption; 

reliability; 

interface requirements; 

ease with which technology can be customized for and incorporated into customers products; and 

level of technical support provided. 

7 

We believe that our products compete favorably
with respect to each of these criteria. Our proprietary 1T-SRAM embedded memory and high-speed serial interface IP can provide our Accelerator
Engine ICs with a competitive advantage over alternative devices. Our Accelerator Engine ICs compete with embedded memory solutions, stand-alone
memory ICs, including both DRAM and SRAM ICs, application-specific, or ASICs, designed by customers in-house to meet their system requirements,
and network processing units, or NPUs, that use significant internal memory and customer-designed software to implement tasks. Competitive
DRAM solutions primarily include RLDRAM from Micron Technology, Inc., or Micron, LLDRAM from Renesas, DDR from Samsung, Micron and
others, and high-bandwidth memory, or HBM, which is stacked DRAM memory from Samsung and SK Hynix. SRAM solutions can meet high-speed
performance requirements, but often lack adequate memory size. Competitive SRAM solutions primarily include QDR or similar SRAM products
from Infineon Technologies AG and GSI Technology, Inc. Most of the currently available SRAM and DRAM solutions use a parallel, rather
than a serial interface. To offset these drawbacks, system designers generally must use more discrete memory ICs, resulting in higher
power consumption and greater utilization of space. Our competitors include established semiconductor companies with significantly
longer operating histories, greater name recognition and reputation, large customer bases, dedicated manufacturing facilities and greater
financial, technical, sales and marketing resources. This may allow them to respond more quickly than us to new or emerging technologies
or changes in customer requirements. Generally, customers prefer suppliers with greater financial resources than we have currently. Many
of our competitors also have significant influence in the semiconductor industry. They may be able to introduce new technologies or devote
greater resources to the development, marketing and sales of their products than we can. Furthermore, in the event of a manufacturing
capacity shortage, these competitors may be able to manufacture products when we are unable to do so. 

Manufacturing 

We depend on third-party vendors to manufacture,
package, assemble and test our IC and module products, as we do not own or operate a semiconductor fabrication, packaging or production
testing facility. By outsourcing manufacturing, we can avoid the high cost associated with owning and operating our own facilities, allowing
us to focus our efforts on the design and marketing of our products. 

We perform an ongoing review of our product manufacturing
and testing processes. Our IC products are subjected to extensive testing to assess whether their performance meets design specifications.
Our test vendors provide us with immediate test data and the ability to generate characterization reports that are made available to our
customers. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 73 employees, including 17 located
in the United States and 56 located in Canada. Our headcount consisted of 54 in research and development and manufacturing operations
and 19 in sales, marketing and general and administrative functions. In February 2023, we implemented a reduction in our workforce and
eliminated five positions. We believe our current headcount is adequate to conduct our business. 

Available Information 

We were founded in 1991 and reincorporated in
Delaware in 2000. Our website address is www.perasoinc.com. The information in our website is not incorporated by reference into this
report. Through a link on the Investor section of our website, we make available our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
SEC. You can also read any materials submitted electronically by us to the SEC on its website (www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy
and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following risks could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.
These risk factors do not identify all of the risks that we face. Our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently
known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past
financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results
or trends in future periods. Refer also to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in Part II, Item
7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as our Consolidated
Financial Statements and the related notes in Part II, Item 15. 

8 

We might not be able to continue as a going concern. 

Our consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve
months. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 2.9 million and an accumulated deficit of 149.6 million.
We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and investments are sufficient to fund our operations for the next 12 months. We will
need to increase revenues substantially beyond levels that we have attained in the past in order to generate sustainable operating profit
and sufficient cash flows to continue doing business without raising additional capital from time to time. As a result of our
expected operating losses and cash burn for the foreseeable future and recurring losses from operations, if we are unable to raise sufficient
capital through additional debt or equity arrangements, there will be uncertainty regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient
to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue
as a viable entity, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us. 

If we are unable to generate sustainable operating
profit and sufficient cash flows, then our future success will depend on our ability to raise capital. We are seeking additional financing
and evaluating financing alternatives in order to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months. We cannot be certain that raising
additional capital, whether through selling additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of credit or other loan, will be
available to us or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue additional securities to raise funds, these securities
may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our current stockholders may experience dilution.
If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our current product development programs,
cut operating costs, forego future development and other opportunities or even terminate our operations. 

We have a history of losses, and we will need to raise additional
capital. 

We recorded net losses of approximately 32.4
million and 10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and we ended the period with an accumulated deficit
of approximately 149.6 million. These and prior-year losses have resulted in significant negative cash flows. To remain competitive and
expand our product offerings to customers, we will need to increase revenues substantially beyond levels that we have attained in the
past in order to generate sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows to continue doing business without raising additional
capital from time to time. Given our history of fluctuating revenues and operating losses, and the challenges we face in securing customers
for our products, we cannot be certain that we will be able to achieve and maintain profitability on either a quarterly or annual basis
in the future. As a result, we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may or may not be available to us at all or only
on unfavorable terms. 

Our failure to generate the significant capital necessary or
raise additional capital to expand our operations and invest in new products could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. 

We intend to continue spending to grow our business.
If we do not achieve and maintain profitability, we will need additional financing to pursue our business strategy, develop new products,
respond to competition and market opportunities and acquire complementary businesses or technologies. There can be no assurance that such
additional capital, whether in the form of debt or equity financing, will be sufficient or available and, if available, that such capital
will be offered on terms and conditions acceptable to us. 

9 

If we were to raise additional capital through
sales of our equity securities, our stockholders would suffer dilution of their equity ownership. If we engage in debt financing, we may
be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, prohibit us from paying dividends, repurchasing
our stock or making investments, and force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, we may not be able to, among other
things: 

develop or enhance our products; 

continue to expand our product development and sales and marketing
organizations; 

acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses; 

expand operations, in the United States or internationally; 

hire, train and retain employees; or 

respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working
capital requirements. 

Our failure to successfully market our products could seriously
harm our ability to execute our business strategy and may force us to curtail our research and development plans or existing operations. 

Our success depends upon the acceptance by our
target markets of our products and technologies by original equipment manufacturers or OEMs and service providers. Our prospective customers
may be unwilling to adopt and design-in our products due to the uncertainties and risks surrounding designing a new IC or module and/or
incorporating new IP into their systems and relying on a small, sole-sourced supplier. Thus, currently, we do not know whether we will
be able to generate adequate profit from making and selling our products and licensing our technologies. 

An important part of our strategy to gain market
acceptance is to penetrate new markets by targeting market leaders to accept our technology solutions. This strategy is designed to encourage
other participants in those markets to follow these leaders in adopting our solutions. If a high-profile industry participant adopts our
products for one or more of its products but fails to achieve success with those products, or is unable to successfully implement our
products, other industry participants perception of our solutions could be harmed. Any such event could reduce the amount of future
sales of our products. 

10 

Future revenue growth depends on our winning designs with existing
and new customers, retaining current customers, and having those customers design our solutions into their product offerings and successfully
selling and marketing such products. If we do not continue to win designs in the short term, our product revenue in the following years
will not grow. 

We sell our ICs to customers that include our
ICs and modules in their products. Our technology is generally incorporated into products at the design stage, which we refer to as a
design win, and which we define as the point at which a customer has made a commitment to build a board against a fixed schematic for
its system, and this board will utilize our products. As a result, our future revenue depends on our OEM customers designing our products
into their products, and on those products being produced in volume and successfully commercialized. If we fail to retain our current
customers or convince our current or prospective customers to include our products in their products and fail to achieve a consistent
number of design wins, our results of operations and business will be harmed. In addition, if a current or prospective customer designs
a competitor s offering into its product, it becomes significantly more difficult for us to sell our products to that customer because
changing suppliers involves significant cost, time, effort and risk for the OEM. Even if a customer designs one of our ICs or modules
into its product, we cannot be assured that the OEM s product will be commercially successful over time, or at all, or that we will
receive or continue to receive any revenue from that customer. Furthermore, the customer product for which we obtain a design win may
be canceled before the product enters production or before or after it is introduced into the market. Because of our extended sales cycle,
our revenue in future years is highly dependent on design wins we are awarded today. Our lack of capital and uncertainty about our future
technology roadmap also may limit our success in achieving additional design wins, as discussed under We may experience difficulties
in transitioning to new wafer fabrication process technologies or in achieving higher levels of design integration, which may result in
reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product deliveries and increased costs . 

The design win process for our products is generally lengthy,
expensive and competitive, with no guarantee of revenue, and, if we fail to generate sufficient revenue to offset our expenses, our business
and operating results would suffer. 

Achieving a design win for one of our products
is typically a lengthy, expensive and competitive process because our customers generally take a considerable amount of time to evaluate
our products. In the markets we serve, the time from initial customer engagement to design win to production volume shipments can range
from one to three years, though it may take longer for new customers or markets we intend to address. In order to win designs, we are
required to both incur design and development costs and dedicate substantial engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity.
Even though we incur these costs we may not prevail in the competitive selection process, and, even if we do achieve a design win, we
may never generate sufficient, or any, revenue to offset our development expenditures. Our customers have the option to decide whether
or not to put our solutions into production after initially designing our products in the specification. The customer can make changes
to its product after a design win has been awarded to us, which can have the effect of canceling a previous design win. The delays inherent
in our protracted sales cycle increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel, curtail, reduce or delay its product plans, causing
us to lose anticipated revenue. In addition, any change, delay or cancellation of a customer s plans could harm our financial results,
as we may have incurred significant expense while generating no revenue. 

11 

If our foundries do not achieve satisfactory yields or quality,
our cost of net revenue will increase, our operating margins will decline and our reputation and customer relationships could be harmed.

We depend not only on sufficient foundry manufacturing
capacity and wafer prices, but also on good production yields (the number of good die per wafer) and timely wafer delivery to meet customer
demand and maintain profit margins. The fabrication of our products is a complex and technically demanding process. Minor deviations in
the manufacturing process can cause substantial decreases in yields and, in some cases, cause production to be suspended. From time to
time, our foundries experience manufacturing defects and reduced manufacturing yields. Changes in manufacturing processes or the inadvertent
use of defective or contaminated materials by our foundries could result in lower than anticipated manufacturing yields, which would harm
our revenue or increase our costs. For example, in the past, one of our foundries produced ICs and met its process specification range
but did not meet our customer s specifications causing us to write off a portion of our production lot. Many of these problems are
difficult to detect at an early stage of the manufacturing process and may be time consuming and expensive to correct. Poor yields from
our foundry, or defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our ICs, could cause us significant customer relations and
business reputation problems, harm our operating results and give rise to financial or other damages to our customers. Our customers might
consequently seek damages from us for their losses. A product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be
time consuming and costly to defend. 

We may experience difficulties in transitioning to new wafer
fabrication process technologies or in achieving higher levels of design integration, which may result in reduced manufacturing yields,
delays in product deliveries and increased costs. 

We aim to use the most advanced manufacturing
process technology appropriate for our solutions that is available from our foundries. As a result, we periodically evaluate the benefits
of migrating our solutions to other technologies in order to improve performance and reduce costs. These ongoing efforts require us from
time to time to modify the manufacturing processes for our products and to redesign some products, which in turn may result in delays
in product deliveries. We are dependent on our foundries to support the production of wafers for future versions of our IC. Such production
may require changes to the foundry s existing process technology. If the foundry elects to not alter their process technology to
support future versions of our ICs, we would need to identify a new foundry. 

For example, our 1T-SRAM technology used in our
Accelerator Engine products is not available at process nodes below 40 nanometers. To date, we have not developed any memory products
below the 40-nanometer process node and have no plans to continue the product roadmap for our Accelerator Engine products. We do not consider
this to adversely affect our current product offerings, but our inability to continue our product roadmap can adversely affect, and has
in the past affected, our efforts to win new customers for these products, secure additional design wins and grow our future revenues. 

If Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, or TSMC,
which is the sole foundry for producing our memory ICs were to discontinue the foundry process used to produce our Accelerator Engine
products, we would not be in a position to transition production of these products to a new foundry and continue to manufacture our products.
This would require us to discontinue production of these products and would negatively impact our future revenues, results of operations
and cash flows. 

To date, we have not achieved the anticipated benefits of a fabless
semiconductor company. 

Our primary goal has been to increase our total
available market by creating high-performance ICs and modules for mmWave applications using our proprietary technology and design expertise.
Historically, this development effort required that we add headcount and design resources, such as expensive software tools, which increased
our losses from, and cash used in, operations. Our efforts to increase our revenue and expand our markets have been subject to various
risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: 

a lack of working capital; 

12 

customer acceptance; 

difficulties and delays in our product development, manufacturing,
testing and marketing activities; 

timeliness of new product introductions; 

the anticipated costs and technological risks of developing
and bringing our products to market; 

the willingness of our manufacturing partners to assist successfully
with fabrication; 

our ability to qualify our products for mass production and
achieve wafer yield levels and the final test results necessary to be price competitive; 

the availability of quantities of our products supplied by
our manufacturing partners at a competitive cost; 

our ability to generate the desired gross margin percentages
and return on our product development investment; 

competition from established competitors; 

the adequacy of our IP protection for our proprietary IC designs
and technologies; 

customer concerns over our financial condition and viability
to be a long-term profitable supplier; and 

the vigor and growth of markets served by our current and
prospective customers. 

If we experience significant delays in bringing
our products to market, if customer adoption of our products is delayed or if our customers products that include our products
are not successful, this could have a material adverse effect on our anticipated revenues in upcoming years due to the potential loss
of design wins and future revenues. 

Our main objective is the development and sale of our technologies
to service providers, cloud networking, security, test and video system providers and their subsystem and component vendors and, if demand
for these products does not grow, we may not achieve revenue growth and our strategic objectives. 

We market and sell our products and technology
to mmWave, cloud networking, communications, data center and other equipment providers and their subsystem and component vendors. We believe
our future business and financial success depends on market acceptance and increasing sales of these products. To meet our growth and
strategic objectives, networking infrastructure OEMs must incorporate our products into their systems and the demand for their systems
must grow as well. We cannot provide assurance that sales of our products to these OEMs will increase substantially in the future or that
the demand for our customers systems will increase. Our future revenues from these products may not increase in accordance with
our growth and strategic objectives if, instead, our OEM customers modify their product designs, select products sold by our competitors
or develop their own proprietary technologies. Moreover, demand for their products that incorporate our technologies may not grow or result
in significant sales of such products due to factors affecting the customers and their business such as industry downturns, declines in
capital spending in the enterprise and carrier markets or unfavorable macroeconomic conditions. Thus, the future success of our business
depends in large part on factors outside our control, and sales of our products may not meet our revenue growth and strategic objectives. 

Our failure to continue to develop new products and enhance our
products on a timely basis could diminish our ability to attract and retain customers. 

The existing and potential markets for our products
are characterized by ever-increasing performance requirements, evolving industry standards, rapid technological change and product obsolescence.
These characteristics lead to periodic changes in customer requirements, shorter product life cycles and changes in industry demands and
mandate new product introductions and enhancements to maintain customer engagements and design wins. In order to attain and maintain a
significant position in the market, we will need to continue to enhance and evolve our products and the underlying proprietary technologies
in anticipation of these market trends although we do not have a large engineering staff. 

13 

Our future performance depends on a number of
factors, including our ability to: 

identify target markets and relevant emerging technological
trends; 

develop and maintain competitive technology by improving performance
and adding innovative features that differentiate our products from alternative technologies; 

enable the incorporation of our products into customers 
products on a timely basis and at competitive prices; and 

respond effectively to new technological developments or new
product introductions by others. 

Our failure to enhance our existing products and
develop future products that achieve broad market acceptance will harm our competitive position and impede our future growth. 

Our products have a lengthy sales cycle, which makes it difficult
to predict success in this market and the timing of future revenue. 

Our products have a lengthy sales cycle, ranging
from six to 24 months from the date of our initial proposal to a prospective customer until the date on which the customer confirms that
it has designed our product into its system. An even lengthier period could ensue before we would know the volume of products that such
customer will, or is likely to, order. A number of factors can contribute to the length of the sales cycle including technical evaluations
of our products by the customers, the design process required to integrate our products into the customers products and the timing
of the customers new product announcements. In anticipation of product orders, we may incur substantial costs before the sales
cycle is complete and before we receive any customer payments. As a result, in the event that a sale is not completed or is cancelled
or delayed, we may have incurred substantial expenses, making it more difficult for us to become profitable or otherwise negatively impacting
our financial results. Furthermore, because of this lengthy sales cycle, the recording of revenues from our selling efforts may be substantially
delayed, our ability to forecast our future revenue may be more limited and our revenue may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter.
We cannot provide any assurances that our efforts to build a strong and profitable business based on the sale of ICs will succeed. If
these efforts are not successful, in light of the substantial resources that we have invested, our future operating results and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected. 

The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and subject
to periodic downturns, which can negatively affect our revenue. 

The semiconductor industry is cyclical and has
experienced pronounced downturns for sustained periods of up to several years. To respond to any downturn, many semiconductor manufacturers
and their customers will slow their research and development activities, cancel or delay new product developments, reduce their workforces
and inventories and take a cautious approach to acquiring new equipment and technologies. As a result, our business has been in the past
and could be adversely affected in the future by an industry downturn which could negatively impact our future revenue and profitability.
Also, the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from year-to-year. 

Our revenue has been highly concentrated among a small number
of customers, and our results of operations could be harmed if we lose a key revenue source and fail to replace it. 

Our overall revenue has been highly concentrated,
with a few customers accounting for a significant percentage of our total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our three largest
customers represented approximately 74 of total revenue. We expect that a relatively small number of customers will continue to account
for a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. 

As a result of this revenue concentration, our
results of operations could be adversely affected by the decision of a single key customer to cease using our technology or products or
by a decline in the number of products that incorporate our technology that are sold by a single licensee or customer or by a small group
of licensees or customers. 

14 

Our revenue concentration may also pose credit risks which could
negatively affect our cash flow and financial condition. 

We might also face credit risks associated with
the concentration of our revenue among a small number of licensees and customers. At December 31, 2022, four customers represented approximately
79 of total trade receivables. Our failure to collect receivables from any customer that represents a large percentage of receivables
on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our cash flow or results of operations. 

Our products must meet exact specifications and defects and failures
may occur, which may cause customers to return or stop buying our products. 

Our customers generally establish demanding specifications
for quality, performance and reliability that our products must meet. However, our products are highly complex and may contain defects
and failures when they are first introduced or as new versions are released. If defects and failures occur in our products during the
design phase or after, we could experience lost revenues, increased costs, including warranty and customer support expenses and penalties
for non-performance stipulated in customer purchase agreements, delays in or cancellations or rescheduling of orders or shipments, product
returns or discounts, diversion of management resources or damage to our reputation and brand equity, and in some cases consequential
damages, any of which would harm our operating results. In addition, delays in our ability to fill product orders as a result of quality
control issues may negatively impact our relationship with our customers. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources
to satisfy any asserted claims. Furthermore, any such defects, failures or delays may be particularly damaging to us as we attempt to
establish our reputation as a reliable provider of IC and module products. 

Because we sell our products on a purchase order basis and rely
on estimated forecasts of our customers needs, inaccurate forecasts could adversely affect our business. 

We sell our products pursuant to individual purchase
orders rather than long-term purchase commitments. Therefore, we will rely on estimated demand forecasts, based upon input from our customers,
to determine how much product to manufacture. Because our sales are based primarily on purchase orders, our customers may cancel, delay
or otherwise modify their purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. For these reasons, we will generally have limited visibility
regarding our customers product needs. In addition, the product design cycle for our customers can be lengthy and it may be difficult
for us to accurately anticipate when they will commence commercial shipments of products that include our ICs or modules. 

Furthermore, if we experience substantial warranty
claims, our customers may cancel existing orders or cease to place future orders. Any cancellation, delay or other modification in our
customers orders could significantly reduce our revenue, cause our operating results to fluctuate from period to period and make
it more difficult for us to predict our revenue. In the event of a cancellation or reduction of an order, we may not have enough time
to reduce operating expenses to mitigate the effect of the lost revenue on our business. 

If we overestimate customer demand for our products,
we may purchase products from our manufacturers that we cannot sell. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand or if sufficient
manufacturing and testing capacity are unavailable, we would forego revenue opportunities and could lose market share in the markets served
by our products and could incur penalty payments under our customer purchase agreements. In addition, our inability to meet customer requirements
for our products could lead to delays in product shipments, force customers to identify alternative sources and otherwise adversely affect
our ongoing relationships with our customers. 

We depend on contract manufacturers for a significant portion
of our revenue from the sale of our products. 

Many of our current and prospective OEM customers
use third party contract manufacturers to manufacture their systems and these contract manufacturers purchase our products directly from
us on behalf of the OEMs. Although we expect to work with our OEM customers in the design and development phases of their systems, these
OEMs often give contract manufacturers some authority in product purchasing decisions. If we cannot compete effectively for the business
of these contract manufacturers, or if any of the contract manufacturers that work with our OEM customers experience financial or other
difficulties in their businesses, our revenue and our business could be adversely affected. For example, if a contract manufacturer becomes
subject to bankruptcy proceedings, we may not be able to obtain our products held by the contract manufacturer or recover payments owed
to us by the contract manufacturer for products already delivered to the contract manufacturer. If we are unable to persuade contract
manufacturers to purchase our products, or if the contract manufacturers are unable to deliver systems with our products to OEMs on a
timely basis, our business would be adversely affected. 

15 

We rely on independent foundries and contractors for the manufacture,
assembly, testing and packaging of our integrated circuits and modules, and the failure of any of these third parties to deliver products
or otherwise perform as requested could damage our relationships with our customers and harm our sales and financial results. 

As a fabless semiconductor company, we rely on
third parties for substantially all of our manufacturing operations. We depend on these parties to supply us with material in a timely
manner that meets our standards for yield, cost and quality. We do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturing
service providers, and therefore they are not obligated to manufacture products for us for any specific period, in any specific quantity
or at any specified price except as may be provided in a particular purchase order. Any problems with our manufacturing supply chain,
including disruptions due to the COVID-19 global pandemic, could adversely impact our ability to ship our products to our customers on
time and in the quantity required which in turn could damage our customer relationships and impede market acceptance of our IC products. 

Our third-party wafer foundry and testing and assembly vendors
are located in regions at high risk for earthquakes and other natural disasters and adverse consequences related to the outbreak
of contagious diseases such as COVID-19. Any disruption to the operations of these foundries and vendors resulting from earthquakes or
other natural disasters could cause significant delays in the development, production, shipment and sales of our IC products. 

Certain vendors that we utilize to manufacture
our products are located in Asia, as are other foundries we may use in the future. Our vendors that provide substrates and wafer sorting
and handle the testing of our products are headquartered in either Asia or the San Francisco Bay Area of California. The risk of an earthquake
in the Pacific Rim region is significant due to the proximity of major earthquake fault lines. The occurrence of earthquakes or other
natural disasters could result in the disruption of the wafer foundry or assembly and test capacity of the third parties that supply these
services to us and may impede our research and development efforts as well as our ability to market and sell our products. We may not
be able to obtain alternate capacity on favorable terms, if at all. 

The COVID-19 global pandemic, along with outbreaks
of new contagious diseases or the resurgence of existing diseases that significantly affect the Asia-Pacific region could disrupt the
operations of our key suppliers and manufacturing partners. 

Disruptions in our supply chain due to shortages in the global
semiconductor supply chain could cause delays for customers and impact revenue. 

We have and may continue to experience disruptions
in our global semiconductor supply chain, with suppliers increasing lead times or placing products on allocation, including procuring
necessary components, wafers, substrates and assembly services in a timely fashion. As a result of these supply chain disruptions, we
have had to increase customer order lead times, and we may be required some products on allocation. We may be unable to satisfy all of
the demand for our products, which may adversely affect customer relationships and impact revenue. 

Price increases from our supply chain can adversely impact revenue
or reduce margins. 

Our suppliers can increase the price of products
and services provided to us. Finding and qualifying alternate or additional suppliers in response to increased pricing from suppliers
can be a lengthy process and can lead to production delays or additional costs, and such alternatives are sometimes not available. If
we are unable to increase the price of our products to our customers in response to increased costs, we would face reduced margins. 

16 

Any claim that our products or technology infringe third party
IP rights could increase our costs of operation and distract management and could result in expensive settlement costs or the discontinuance
of our technology licensing or product offerings. In addition, we may incur substantial litigation expense which would adversely affect
our profitability. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by
vigorous protection and pursuit of IP rights or positions which has resulted in often protracted and expensive litigation. We are not
aware of any third party IP that our products or technology would infringe. However, like many companies of our size with limited resources,
we have not searched for all potentially applicable IP in the public databases. It is possible that a third party now has, or may in the
future obtain, patents or other intellectual property rights that our products or technology may now, or in the future, infringe. Our
licensees and IC customers, or we, might, from time to time, receive notice of claims that we have infringed patents or other IP rights
of others. Litigation against us can result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel whether
or not the litigation has merit or results in a determination adverse to us. 

The discovery of defects in our technology and products could
expose us to liability for damages. 

The discovery of a defect in our technologies
and products could lead our customers to seek damages from us. Many of our agreements with customers include provisions waiving implied
warranties regarding our technology and products and limiting our liability to our customers. We cannot be certain, however, that the
waivers or limitations of liability contained in our agreements with customers will be enforceable. 

We might not be able to protect and enforce our IP rights which
could impair our ability to compete and reduce the value of our technology. 

Our technology is complex and is intended for
use in complex systems. For example, our licensees products utilize our embedded memory and/or interface technology and a large
number of companies manufacture and market these products. Because of these factors, policing the unauthorized use of our IP is difficult
and expensive. We cannot be certain that we will be able to detect unauthorized use of our technology or prevent other parties from designing
and marketing unauthorized products based on our technology. In the event we identify any past or present infringement of our patents,
copyrights or trademarks, or any violation of our trade secrets, confidentiality procedures or licensing agreements, we cannot assure
you that the steps taken by us to protect our proprietary information will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology.
Our inability to adequately protect our IP would reduce significantly the barriers of entry for directly competing technologies and could
reduce the value of our technology. Furthermore, we might initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our
proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Litigation by us could result in significant expense and divert
the efforts of our technical and management personnel whether or not such litigation results in a determination favorable to us. 

Our existing patents might not provide us with sufficient protection
of our IP, and our patent applications might not result in the issuance of patents, either of which could reduce the value of our core
technology and harm our business. 

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks,
trade secret laws and confidentiality procedures to protect our IP rights. We cannot be sure that any patents will be issued from any
of our pending applications or that any claims allowed from pending applications will be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in
all countries where our products can be sold, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial advantage to us. Failure of our patents
or patent applications to provide meaningful protection might allow others to utilize our technology without any compensation to us. 

If our intangible assets become impaired,
we would be required to record a charge to earnings. 

We review our intangible
assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances, such as a decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization, indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. If our intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. We would be required to record an impairment charge
in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect
our results of operations. 

17 

If we fail to retain key personnel, our business and growth could
be negatively affected. 

Our business has been dependent to a significant
degree upon the services of a small number of executive officers and technical employees. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
our technology development efforts, our ability to deliver products under our existing agreements, maintain strategic relationships with
our partners and obtain new customers. We generally have not entered into employment or non-competition agreements with any of our employees
and do not maintain key-man life insurance on the lives of any of our key personnel. 

Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards is
limited as a result of an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had over 238 million
of net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes. Under U.S. federal income tax law, we generally can use our
NOL carryforwards (and certain related tax credits) to offset ordinary taxable income, thereby reducing our U.S. federal income tax liability,
for up to 20 years from the year in which the losses were generated, after which time they will expire. Our California NOL carryforwards
(and certain related tax credits) generally may be used to offset future state taxable income for 20 years from the year in which the
losses are generated, depending on the state, after which time they will expire. The rate at which we can utilize our NOL carryforwards
is limited (which could result in NOL carryforwards expiring prior to their use) each time we experience an ownership change, 
as determined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if a shareholder or a group
of shareholders who are deemed to own at least 5 of our common stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over
their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. If an ownership change occurs, Section 382 generally would impose
an annual limit on the amount of post-ownership change taxable income that may be offset with pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards equal
to the product of the total value of our outstanding equity immediately prior to the ownership change (reduced by certain items specified
in Section 382) and the U.S. federal long-term tax-exempt interest rate in effect at the time of the ownership change. A number of special
and complex rules apply in calculating this Section 382 limitation. While the complexity of Section 382 makes it difficult to determine
whether and when an ownership change has occurred, and a formal study has not been performed, we believe that a Section 382 ownership
change occurred as a result of our business combination with Peraso Technologies Inc. in 2021. The Company believes this Section 382 limitation
will result in substantially all of our federal and state NOLs federal tax credit carryforwards incurred prior to December 2021 expiring
before they can be utilized. In addition, our ability to use our NOL carryforwards will be limited to the extent we fail to generate enough
taxable income in the future before they expire. Existing and future Section 382 limitations and our inability to generate enough taxable
income in the future could result in a substantial portion of our NOL carryforwards expiring before they are used. We have recorded a
full valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets. 

Acquisitions or other business combinations that we pursue in
the future, whether or not consummated, could result in other operating and financial difficulties. 

In the future we may seek to acquire additional
product lines, technologies or businesses in an effort to increase our growth, enhance our ability to compete, complement our product
offerings, enter new and adjacent markets, obtain access to additional technical resources, enhance our IP rights or pursue other competitive
opportunities. If we seek acquisitions or other business combinations, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates at prices we
consider appropriate. We cannot readily predict the timing or size of our future acquisitions or combinations, or the success of any such
transactions. 

To the extent that we consummate acquisitions,
combinations or investments, we may face financial risks as a result, including increased costs associated with merged or acquired operations,
increased indebtedness, economic dilution to gross and operating profit and earnings per share, or unanticipated costs and liabilities.
Acquisitions may involve additional risks, including: 

the acquired product lines, technologies or businesses may
not improve our financial and strategic position as planned; 

we may determine we have overpaid for the product lines, technologies
or businesses, or that the economic conditions underlying our acquisition have changed; 

18 

we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel
of the acquired company; 

we may have difficulty retaining the employees with the technical
skills needed to enhance and provide services with respect to the acquired product lines or technologies; 

the acquisition may be viewed negatively by customers, employees,
suppliers, financial markets or investors; 

we may have difficulty incorporating the acquired product
lines or technologies with our existing technologies; 

we may encounter a competitive response, including price competition
or IP litigation; 

we may become a party to product liability or IP infringement
claims as a result of our sale of the acquired company s products; 

we may incur one-time charges, such as for acquired in-process
research and development costs, and restructuring charges; 

we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are
subject to impairment tests, which could result in future impairment charges; 

our ongoing business and management s attention may
be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises;
and 

our due diligence process may fail to identify significant
existing issues with the target business. 

From time to time, we may enter into negotiations
for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. These negotiations could result in significant diversion of management
time, as well as substantial out-of-pocket costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or
Delaware law might delay or prevent a change-of-control transaction and depress the market price of our stock. 

Various provisions of our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws might have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from attempting
to acquire, control of our company. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future
for shares of our common stock. Certain of these provisions eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors, limit the right
of stockholders to call special meetings and establish specific procedures for director nominations by stockholders and the submission
of other proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings. 

We are also subject to provisions of Delaware
law that could delay or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. In particular, Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested
stockholder for a period of three years unless specific conditions are met. Any of these provisions could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control, including without limitation, discouraging a proxy contest or making more difficult the acquisition
of a substantial block of our common stock. 

Under our certificate of incorporation, our board
of directors may issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, potentially without stockholder approval on such terms as the board
might determine. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and might be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders
of any preferred stock that might be issued in the future. 

Potential volatility of the price of our common stock could negatively
affect your investment. 

We cannot assure you that there will continue
to be an active trading market for our common stock. Historically, the stock market, as well as our common stock, has experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations. Market prices of securities of technology companies have been highly volatile and frequently reach levels
that bear no relationship to the operating performance of such companies. These market prices generally are not sustainable and are subject
to wide variations. If our common stock trades to unsustainably high levels, it is likely that the market price of our common stock will
thereafter experience a material decline. 

In the past, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We could be the target
of similar litigation in the future. Securities litigation could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention
and resources, harm our reputation in the industry and the securities markets and negatively impact our operating results. 

19 

Certain of our
common stock warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and recorded at fair value with changes in fair value each period reported
in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

In accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), we are required to evaluate our common stock warrants to determine
whether they should be accounted for as a warrant liability or as equity. At each reporting period (1) the warrants will be reevaluated
for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the warrants will be re-measured.
The change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our statement of operations and comprehensive
loss. This accounting treatment may adversely affect the market price of our securities, as we may incur additional expense. In addition,
changes in the inputs and assumptions for the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material
impact on the estimated fair value of the warrant liability. As a result, our financial statements and results of operations will fluctuate
quarterly, based on various factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the share price of our common stock. We expect
that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants or any other similar derivative instruments in each reporting period and
that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock. 

If we are unable to satisfy the continued listing requirements
of The Nasdaq Stock Market, our common stock could be delisted and the price and liquidity of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our common stock may lose value and our common
stock could be delisted from Nasdaq due to several factors or a combination of such factors. While our common stock is currently listed
on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such listing. To maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq,
we are required to meet certain listing requirements, including, among others, a requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of
 1.00 per share. If our common stock trades below the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement for 30 consecutive business days or
if we do not meet other listing requirements, we may be notified by Nasdaq of non-compliance. On February 1, 2023, we received a notice
from Nasdaq, indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the previous 30 business days, we no longer meet
the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Notice ). 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
we have been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until July 31, 2023, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement, the closing bid price of our common Stock must be at least 1 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive
business days during this 180-day period. In the event that we do not regain compliance within this 180-day period, we may be eligible
to seek an additional compliance period of 180 calendar days if we meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and
provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intent to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock
split, if necessary. However, if it appears to the Nasdaq Staff that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we are otherwise
not eligible, Nasdaq will provide notice to us that our common stock will be subject to delisting. 

The above mentioned notice does not result in the
immediate delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. We intend to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock
and consider our available options in the event that the closing bid price of our common stock remains below 1 per share. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or maintain compliance with the other listing
requirements. As of the date of this Report, we have not regained compliance. There can be no assurance that we would pursue a reverse
stock split or be able to obtain the approvals necessary to effect a reverse stock split. In addition, there can be no assurance that,
following any reverse stock split, the per share trading price of our common stock would remain above 1.00 per share or that we would
be able to continue to meet other listing requirements. If we were to be delisted, we would expect our common stock to be traded in the
over-the-counter market which could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. Additionally, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; 

a reduced amount of analyst coverage; 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; 

reduced liquidity for our stockholders; 

potential loss of confidence by customers, collaboration partners and employees; and 

loss of institutional investor interest. 

Holders of exchangeable shares are expected to experience a delay
in receiving shares of our common stock from the date they request an exchange, which may affect the value of the shares the holder receives
in an exchange. 

Holders of exchangeable shares who request to
receive shares of our common stock in exchange for their exchangeable shares will not receive shares of our common stock until several
business days after the applicable request is received. During this period, the market price of our common stock may increase or decrease.
Any such increase or decrease would affect the value of the consideration to be received by such holder of exchangeable shares upon a
subsequent sale of the common stock received in the exchange 

20 

We are a smaller reporting company and, as a result
of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive
to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company, 
and are subject to lesser disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers. Specifically, smaller reporting
companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, are exempt from the provisions of
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings,
including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our operating
results and financial prospects. 

The invasion of Ukraine by Russia could
negatively impact our business. 

Russia s military invasion of Ukraine in
2022 has led to, and may lead to, additional sanctions being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia.
Russia s military invasion and the resulting sanctions have had an adverse effect on global markets. We cannot predict the progress
or outcome of the situation in Ukraine, as the conflict and governmental reactions are rapidly developing and beyond our control. Prolonged
unrest, intensified military activities, or more extensive sanctions impacting the region could have a material adverse effect on the
global economy, and such effect could in turn have a material adverse effect on the operations, results of operations, financial condition,
liquidity and business outlook of our business. 

Sustained inflation could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate
have increased and may continue to rise. Inflation over the last several months has led us to experience higher costs, including, among
others, labor, wafer and transportation. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and, although we have
made minimal price increases thus far, in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price
increases to preserve our gross margins and profitability. In addition, inflationary pressures could cause customers to delay or reduce
purchases of our products or delay payments to us. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time,
they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

The full effects of COVID-19 and other potential future public
health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events are uncertain and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows. 

The global outbreak of the coronavirus disease
2019, or COVID-19, was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. government in March 2020.
This has negatively affected the world economy, disrupted global supply chains, significantly restricted travel and transportation, resulted
in mandated closures and orders to shelter-in-place from time to time and created significant disruption of the financial
markets. The extent of the impact on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration
and spread of the pandemic and related actions U.S. and foreign government agencies continue to take to prevent disease spread, all of
which are uncertain, out of our control and cannot be predicted. 

As required,
we have complied with state and county orders, and we have implemented a teleworking policy for our employees and contractors when such
orders were in place. However, a facility closure, work slowdowns or temporary stoppage at one of our suppliers could occur, which could
have a longer-term impact and could delay our prototype production and ability to conduct business. 

If our workforce is unable to work effectively,
including because of illness, quarantines, absenteeism, government actions, facility closures, travel restrictions or other restrictions
in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations will be negatively impacted. We may be unable to produce and sell our IC products,
and our costs may increase as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. The impacts could worsen if there is an extended duration of any COVID-19
outbreak or a resurgence of COVID-19 infection in affected regions after they have begun to experience improvement. 

The continued spread of COVID-19 has also led to occasional disruption
and volatility in the global capital markets. While we were able to access the capital markets in November 2022, we may be unable to access
the capital markets, and additional capital may only be available to us on terms that could be significantly detrimental to our existing
stockholders and to our business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain leased facilities in San
Jose, California and Toronto and Markham, Ontario, Canada. Our administrative, sales, marketing, support and research and development
functions are located in these leased facilities. We occupy approximately 10,000 square feet of space in the San Jose facility, and the
lease extends until January 2024. We occupy approximately 12,700 square feet of space in the Toronto, Ontario facility, and the lease
extends until December 2023. We also occupy approximately 9,500 square feet of space in the Markham facility for research and development
functions, and the lease extends until September 2027. We believe that our existing facilities
are adequate to meet our current needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The information set forth under the Legal
Matters subheading in Note 5 (Commitments and Contingencies) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item
15, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

21 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq
Stock Market under the symbol PRSO. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 49 holders
of record of our common stock and18 holders of record of our exchangeable shares. The actual number of common stockholders is significantly
greater than this number of record stockholders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street
name by brokers and other nominees. This number of stockholders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held
in trust by other entities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

For information regarding securities authorized
for issuance under equity compensation plans, please refer to Item 12-Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and notes included in this Report. 

Overview 

We were
formerly known as MoSys, Inc. (MoSys) and were incorporated in California in 1991 and reincorporated in 2000 in Delaware. On
September 14, 2021, we and our subsidiaries, 2864552 Ontario Inc. and 2864555 Ontario Inc., entered into an Arrangement Agreement (the
Arrangement Agreement) with Peraso Technologies Inc. (Peraso Tech), a corporation existing under the laws of the province of Ontario,
to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Peraso Tech (the Peraso Shares), including those Peraso Shares to be issued
in connection with the conversion or exchange of secured convertible debentures and common share purchase warrants of Peraso Tech, as
applicable, by way of a statutory plan of arrangement (the Arrangement) under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). On December
17, 2021, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement, the Arrangement was completed and
 we changed our name to Peraso Inc. and began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq) under the symbol PRSO. 

For accounting
purposes, the legal subsidiary, Peraso Tech, was treated as the accounting acquirer and we, the legal parent, have been treated as the
accounting acquiree. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, Business Combinations (ASC 805). Accordingly, the financial condition and results
of operations discussed herein are a continuation of Peraso Tech s financial results prior to December 17, 2021 and exclude the
financial results of us prior to December 17, 2021. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosure . 

Our strategy
and primary business objective is to be a profitable, IP-rich fabless semiconductor company offering integrated circuits, or ICs, modules
and related non-recurring engineering services. We specialize in the development of mmWave semiconductors, primarily in the 60 GHz spectrum
band for 802.11ad/ay compliant devices and in the 28/39 GHz spectrum bands for 5G-compliant devices. We derive our revenue from selling
semiconductor devices, as well as modules based on using those mmWave semiconductor devices. We have pioneered a high-volume mmWave
production test methodology using standard low cost production test equipment. It has taken us several years to refine performance of
this production test methodology, and we believe this places us in a leadership position in addressing operational challenges of delivering
mmWave products into high-volume markets. During 2021, we augmented our business model by selling complete mmWave modules. The primary
advantage provided by a module is the silicon and the antenna are integrated into a single device. A differentiating characteristic of
mmWave technology is that the RF amplifiers must be as close as possible to the antenna to minimize loss, and by providing a module, we
can guarantee the performance of the amplifier/antenna interface. 

22 

We also
acquired a memory product line marketed under the Accelerator Engine name. This memory product line comprises our Bandwidth Engine and
Quad Partition Rate IC products, which integrate our proprietary, 1T-SRAM high-density embedded memory and a highly-efficient serial interface
protocol resulting in a monolithic memory IC solution optimized for memory bandwidth and transaction access performance. 

We incurred net losses of approximately 32.4
million and 10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 149.6 million as of December 31, 2022. These and prior year losses have resulted in significant negative cash flows for almost a decade
and have necessitated that we raise substantial amounts of additional capital during this period. 

We will need to increase revenues substantially
beyond levels that we have attained in the past in order to generate sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows to continue
doing business without raising additional capital from time to time. 

COVID-19 and Russian Invasion of Ukraine 

The global outbreak of the coronavirus disease
2019 (COVID-19) was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. government in March 2020.
This has negatively affected the U.S. and global economy, disrupted global supply chains, significantly restricted travel and transportation,
resulted in mandated closures and orders to shelter-in-place and created significant disruption of the financial markets.
The full extent of the COVID-19 impact on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the
duration and spread of the pandemic and related actions taken by the U.S. and foreign government agencies to prevent disease spread, all
of which are uncertain, out of our control, and cannot be predicted. 

Since March 2020, certain jurisdictions in which
we operate have from time to time issued shelter-in-place orders. As required, we have complied with these orders and, when
such orders were in place, minimized business activities at our facilities. We have implemented a teleworking policy for our employees
and contractors to comply with such orders. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic evolves, we continue
to closely monitor impacts, especially to customer programs and our supply chain. We are working internally and with suppliers on
programs (i.e., new production flows, etc.) to allow us to increase our peak throughput to better handle unplanned disruptions to our
supply chain. To date, we have not experienced a material impact on our cash flows, liquidity, capital resources, cash requirements, financial
position, or results of operations, attributable to the global semiconductor supply chain disruption and inflation. We have experienced
increased prices from our suppliers, and, for certain products, we have increased prices to our customers to mitigate the impacts, although
during 2022 the impacts of these price increases were minimal. We have and continue to experience longer lead times for certain components
used to manufacture our products, and, therefore, and, in response, we have identified second and third sources for certain components
used in our module products. Also, we have increased lead times for our customers. We have not experienced any issues over our product
quality and product development activities, as we do not rely significantly on outside vendors to manage and perform these activities
for us. We currently have not identified any current impacts of the supply chain disruption and inflation that will affect our future
results, and it is difficult to differentiate whether higher prices are due to supply chain disruption, inflation or a mix of both. 

While we believe that
our operations personnel are currently in a position to meet expected customer demand levels in the coming quarters, we recognize that
unpredictable events could create difficulties in the months ahead. We may not be able to address these difficulties in a timely manner,
which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

23 

The continued spread
of COVID-19 has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022
has led to further economic disruptions. Mounting inflationary cost pressures and recessionary fears have negatively impacted the global
economy. During the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve continued to aggressively address elevated inflation by
increasing interest rates. The U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates by 75 basis points in each of its meetings held in July,
September and November 2022, with an additional increase of 50 basis points in December 2022, as inflation remains elevated. Given current
market conditions, we may be unable to access the capital markets, and additional capital may only be available to us on terms that could
be significantly detrimental to our existing stockholders and to our business. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
included in Item 15 of this Report describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

We have identified the accounting policies below
as some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our results of operations. These policies may involve estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Although we believe our judgments and estimates
are appropriate, actual future results may differ from our estimates, and if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the
results could be materially different from our reported results. 

Business Combination 

We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration
to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of
the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill to
reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Allocation of purchase consideration to identifiable assets
and liabilities affects the amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas
any indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one
year from the acquisition date, our records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset
to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related expenses
are recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred. 

Acquired Intangibles 

Acquired intangible
assets consist of developed technology and customer relationships that are measured at fair value at date of acquisition. In valuing acquired
intangible assets, we make assumptions and estimates based in part on projected financial information, which makes assumptions and estimates
inherently uncertain, particularly for early-stage technology companies. The significant estimates and assumptions used by us in the determination
of the fair value of acquired intangible technology assets include the revenue growth rate, the royalty rate and the discount rate. The
significant estimates and assumptions used by us in the determination of the fair value of acquired customer contract intangible assets
include the revenue growth rate and the discount rate. 

As a result of the judgments that need to be
made, we obtain the assistance of independent valuation firms. We complete these assessments as soon as practical after the closing dates.
Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and its amendments (ASC 606). As described below, the analysis of contracts under
ASC 606 supports the recognition of revenue at a point in time, resulting in revenue recognition timing that is materially consistent
with our historical practice of recognizing product revenue when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. 

24 

We generate revenue primarily from sales of integrated
circuits and module products, performance of engineering services and licensing of its intellectual property. Revenues are recognized
when control is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for
those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with
a customer; (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the transaction price; (iv) allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or as a performance obligation
is satisfied. 

Product revenue 

Revenue is recognized when performance obligations
under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation to transfer
products. Accordingly, we recognize revenue when title and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer, generally at the time of
shipment of products. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring products and
is generally based upon a negotiated, formula, list or fixed price. We sell our products both directly to customers and through distributors
generally under agreements with payment terms typically 60 days or less. 

We may record an estimated allowance, at the
time of shipment, for future returns and other charges against revenue consistent with the terms of sale. 

Royalty and other 

Our licensing contracts typically provide for
royalties based on the licensee s use of our memory technology in its currently shipping commercial products. We estimate its royalty
revenue in the calendar quarter in which the licensee uses the licensed technology. Payments are received in the subsequent quarter. We
also generate revenue from licensing its technology. We recognize License fee as revenue at the point of time when the control of the
license has been transferred and we have no continuing performance obligations to the customer. 

Engineering services revenue 

Engineering and development contracts with customers
generally contain a single performance obligation that is delivered over time. Revenue is recognized using an output method that is consistent
with the satisfaction of the performance obligation as a measure of progress. 

Deferred cost of net revenue 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had 1.1 million of product shipments for which the revenue recognition criteria under ASC 606 had not been met. Accordingly, the Company
deferred the cost of net revenue associated with these shipments, and the amount deferred has been presented as deferred cost of net revenue
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Contract liabilities - deferred revenue 

Our contract liabilities consist of advance customer
payments and deferred revenue. We classify advance customer payments and deferred revenue as current or non-current based on the timing
of when we expect to recognize revenue. As of December 31, 2022, contract liabilities were in a current position and included in deferred
revenue. 

Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments 

We measure the fair value of financial instruments
using a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels, as
follows: 

Level 1-Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted
prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

25 

Level 2-Pricing is provided by third party sources of market
information obtained from investment advisors rather than models. We do not adjust for or apply any additional assumptions or estimates
to the pricing information we receive from advisors. Our Level 2 securities include cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities,
which consisted primarily of corporate debt, and government agency and municipal debt securities from issuers with high quality credit
ratings. Our investment advisors obtain pricing data from independent sources, such as Standard Poor s, Bloomberg and Interactive
Data Corporation, and rely on comparable pricing of other securities because the Level 2 securities we hold are not actively traded and
have fewer observable transactions. We consider this the most reliable information available for the valuation of the securities. 

Level 3-Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or
no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment are used to measure fair value. These values are generally
determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions. The
determination of fair value for Level 3 investments and other financial instruments involves the most management judgment and subjectivity. 

The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities,
such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, notes payable and other payables, approximate their fair values
because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of lease obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate
their fair values because interest rates on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. We measure the fair value
of our warrant liabilities using Level 3 inputs. 

Valuation of long-lived assets 

We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment
at least annually, or more frequently when a triggering event is deemed to have occurred. This assessment is subjective in nature and
requires significant management judgment to forecast future operating results, projected cash flows and current period market capitalization
levels. If our estimates and assumptions change in the future, it could result in a material write-down of long-lived assets. We amortize
our finite-lived intangible assets, such as developed technology and patent license, on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives of three to seven years. We recognize an impairment charge as the difference between the net book value of such assets and the fair
value of the assets on the measurement date. 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

When we prepare our consolidated financial statements,
we estimate our income tax liability for each of the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. This requires us to estimate our
actual current tax exposure and to assess temporary differences that result from differing treatment of certain items for tax and accounting
purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets, which we show on our consolidated balance sheet under the category of other
assets. The net deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon weighted available evidence, it is more likely
than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We must make significant judgments to determine our provision
for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against our net deferred tax asset.
We believe that utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, which comprise the majority of our deferred tax assets,
may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar
state provisions. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this report for an additional description of
these limitations. 

Derivatives and liability-classified instruments 

We account for common stock warrants as either
equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the warrants and the guidance provided
by FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). The assessment
considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant
to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our
stock and whether the holders of the warrants could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

26 

Stock-based compensation 

We recognize stock-based compensation for equity
awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, usually the vesting period, based on the grant-date fair value. We
estimate the value of employee stock options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of fair
value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model is affected by our stock price, as well as assumptions
regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price
volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. The expected term of options
granted is derived from historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The expected volatility
is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. 

Results of Operations 

Net Revenue 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Product 
 14,199 
 4,906 
 9,293 
 189 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 96 
 86 

The following table details revenue by product category: 

(amounts in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Product category 
 2022 
 2021 
 change 
 
 Memory ICs 
 7,722 
 150 
 7,572 
 
 mmWave ICs 
 3,289 
 3,566 
 (277 
 
 mmWave modules 
 3,170 
 1,101 
 2,069 
 
 mmWave other products 
 18 
 89 
 (71 

14,199 
 4,906 
 9,293 

Product revenue increased for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared with the same period of 2021 primarily due to the increase in both memory IC and mmWave module sales volumes as a result
of the acquisition of the memory IC product line in December 2021 and the roll-out of the mmWave antenna module product line in the second
half of 2021. As previously discussed in this Report, for reverse-acquisition accounting purposes, Peraso Tech, was treated as the accounting
acquirer, and MoSys was treated as the accounting acquiree. Accordingly, the results of operations discussed herein are a continuation
of Peraso Tech s historical financial results and exclude the results of operations of MoSys prior to December 17, 2021. The increase
in memory IC sales volumes, which was due to the acquisition of this product line, resulted in a 7.6 million increase in revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the prior year due to the significant increase in sales volumes year over year. Additionally,
we began selling our mmWave module products during the second half of 2021 and realized a 100 increase in sales volumes in 2022, which
contributed 2.1 million of increased revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. We initiated price increases on certain of our module
products in 2022, however, through December 31, 2022, we had not realized any material increase in revenue as a result of those price
increases. These revenue increases were partially offset by a decrease of 0.3 million in sales of our mmWave IC products due to a 39 
reduction in volumes shipped during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with the same period in 2021. Although, stand-alone mmWave
IC volumes decreased, shipments of our mmWave modules, that include the mmWave ICs, have increased and each module we ship includes two
of our mmWave ICs and an antenna. We began shipping modules as it provides an integrated solution that we believe can shorten our revenue
cycle by enabling our customers to accelerate time to production. In addition, we generate higher revenue from the sale of modules compared
to sales of stand-alone ICs. Going forward, we expect sales of our mmWave ICs on a stand-alone basis to decline as a percentage of total
product revenue, as we anticipate sales of our modules to be our primary source of revenue growth. 

27 

We expect revenues to increase in 2023, as we
anticipate increased sales of our mmWave products, including the benefits of price increases implemented in 2022. We also expect sales
of our memory products to decrease from a volume and revenue perspective over the next 12 months. Our memory products have been in production
since 2014, and, given that we have not developed new products, the long-term outlook for these products is uncertain. We have implemented
modest price increases on our memory products that we expect to begin taking effect in the first half of 2023. We expect sales of our
mmWave products to increase from a volume and revenue perspective over the next 12 months, as our primary sales focus is on obtaining
new customers for our mmWave products. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Royalty and other 
 669 
 773 
 (104 
 (13 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 4 
 14 

Royalty and other includes royalty, non-recurring
engineering services and licenses revenues. The decrease in royalty and other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with
the same period of 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in non-recurring engineering services revenue related to our mmWave technology.
Such decrease was partially offset by a full twelve-month contribution of royalty revenues from licensees of our memory technology. As
the reverse acquisition occurred on December 17, 2021, the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include approximately
 113,000 of royalty revenue from licensing of memory technology compared with 480,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost of Net Revenue and Gross Profit 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Cost of net revenue 
 8,915 
 3,270 
 5,645 
 173 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 60 
 58 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,953 
 2,409 
 3,544 
 147 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 40 
 42 

Cost of net revenue is primarily comprised of
direct and indirect costs related to the sale of our products, including amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of production-related
fixed assets. Cost of net revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared with the same period of 2021, primarily
due to increased shipment volumes of our memory and mmWave ICs and antenna module products. Our antenna module products have higher cost
of goods sold per unit and generate lower gross profit margin than our IC products. 

Gross profit increased for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared with the same period of 2021 due to the increased product shipments. The decrease in our gross profit margin for the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the prior year periods was primarily attributable to the increased volume shipments of our
mmWave modules, which carry lower gross margins than our IC products. 

28 

Research and Development (R D) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Research and development 
 19,768 
 11,471 
 8,297 
 72 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 133 
 202 

Our R D expenses include costs related to
the development of our products. We expense R D costs as they are incurred. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
with the same period of 2021 was primarily due to the inclusion of a full twelve months of expenses of 4.3 million related to the acquired
operations of MoSys, 2.1 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets from the reverse
acquisition, which closed on December 17, 2021, and recognition of 2.0 million of Canadian government refundable tax credits and
wage and rent subsidies during the twelve months ended 2021 that reduced operating expenses. We
expect that total R D expenses will decrease in 2023 compared with 2022, as we began implementing cost reductions during the three
months ended December 31, 2022. The reductions in R D expense in 2023 will primarily result from lower headcount, including a reduction
of employees and consulting positions, as well as targeted reductions in expenditures for certain longer-term research and development
projects. 

Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year-Over-Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 to 2022 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 SG A 
 11,108 
 7,016 
 4,092 
 58 
 
 Percentage of total net revenue 
 75 
 124 

SG A expenses consist primarily of personnel
and related overhead costs for sales, marketing, finance, human resources and general management and amortization of certain intangible
assets. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily due to the inclusion of a year of expenses
related to the acquired operations of MoSys, which amounted to 5.7 million, and included all costs of being a publicly-traded company
as well as a recognition of 0.1 million of Canadian government wage and rent subsidies during the year ended December 31, 2021 that reduced
SG A expense. This increase was partially offset by a 1.1 million decrease in transaction costs incurred during 2021 related to the
reverse acquisition. We expect that total SG A expenses will decrease in 2023 compared with
2022, as we implemented cost reductions during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The reductions in SG A expense in 2023 will
primarily result from lower headcount, including a reduction of employees and reductions of other discretionary operating expenses. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense was primarily incurred on our
loans payable and convertible debentures, which were retired during 2021. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item
15 of this Report for additional disclosure. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources; Changes in Financial Condition 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents
and investments totaling 2.9 million compared with cash, cash equivalents and investments of 18.1 million as of December 31, 2021. 

In 2022, we used 16.0 million in cash from operating activities, which
primarily resulted from the net loss of 32.4 million and changes to operating assets and liabilities of approximately 2.4 million, adjusted
for non-cash charges and gains, including stock-based compensation expenses of 5.7 million, depreciation and amortization expenses of
 3.1 million, a 9.9 million goodwill impairment charge and 0.1 million of other changes. The changes in assets and liabilities primarily
related to the timing of the collection of receivables from customers, payments to vendors and increases in inventory balances. 

29 

In 2021, we used 12.0 million in cash from operating
activities, which primarily resulted from the net loss of 10.9 million, changes to operating assets and liabilities of approximately
 1.4 million, and an adjustment for a non-cash gain on the change in fair value of warrant liability of 8.1 million, adjusted for non-cash
charges, including stock-based compensation expenses of 4.5 million, depreciation and amortization expenses of 1.1 million, accrued
interest of 0.7 million and amortization of debt discount of 2.1 million. The changes in assets and liabilities primarily related to
the timing of the collection of receivables from customers, payments to vendors and increases in inventory balances. 

In 2022, net cash provided from investing activities
of 10.0 million represented 11.5 million of proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments, partially offset by 0.5 million
purchases of short and long-term investments and 1.0 million of purchases of fixed assets and intangible assets. 

In 2021, net cash provided from investing activities
of 6.6 million represented 6.5 million of proceeds from the Arrangement, 0.4 million of proceeds from maturities of short-term investments,
partially offset by 0.2 million of purchases of fixed assets and intangible assets. 

In 2022, net cash provided by financing activities
was 1.9 million and consisted of 2.1 million in net proceeds from a registered direct offering of our common stock and common stock
purchase warrants completed in November 2022, partially offset by 0.1 million of taxes paid to net share settle equity awards and 0.1
million of repayment of finance lease. 

In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities
was 9.6 million and consisted of 9.1 million in net proceeds received from convertible debentures and net proceeds of 1.3 million from
a loan facility, partially offset by 0.8 million for the repayment of loans. 

Our future liquidity and capital requirements
are expected to vary from quarter-to-quarter, depending on numerous factors, including: 

level of revenue; 

cost, timing and success of technology development efforts; 

inventory levels, as supply chain disruption has required
us to maintain higher inventory levels and place purchase orders with our suppliers longer into the future, which exposes us to additional
inventory risk; 

timing of product shipments, which may be impacted by supply
chain disruptions; 

length of billing and collection cycles, which may be impacted
in the event of a global recession or economic downturn; 

fabrication costs, including mask costs, of our ICs, currently
under development; 

variations in manufacturing yields, material lead time and
costs and other manufacturing risks; 

costs of acquiring other businesses and integrating the acquired
operations; and 

profitability of our business. 

Going Concern - Working Capital 

We incurred net losses of approximately 32.4
million and 10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 149.6 million as of December 31, 2022. These and prior year losses have resulted in significant negative cash flows and have required
us to raise substantial amounts of additional capital. To date, we have primarily financed our operations through loans, offerings of
common stock and issuance of convertible notes. 

30 

We expect to continue to incur operating losses
during 2023 as we continue to secure new customers for and continue to invest in the development of our products, and we expect our cash
expenditures to continue to exceed receipts for at least the next 12 months, as our revenues will not be sufficient to offset our operating
expenses. 

We will need to increase revenues beyond the levels
that we have attained in the past in order to generate sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows to continue doing business
without raising additional capital from time to time. As a result of our expected operating losses and cash burn and recurring losses
from operations, if we are unable to raise sufficient capital through additional debt or equity arrangements, there will be uncertainty
regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial doubt as to our ability
to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements presented in Item 8 of this Report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, and do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There can be no assurance that such additional capital,
whether in the form of debt or equity financing, will be sufficient or available and, if available, that such capital will be offered
on terms and conditions acceptable to us. We are currently seeking additional financing in order to meet our cash requirements for the
foreseeable future. If the Company is unsuccessful in these efforts, it will need to implement additional cost reduction strategies, which
could further affect its near- and long-term business plan. These efforts may include, but are not limited to, reducing headcount and
curtailing business activities. As further discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, in August 2022, we entered into
an exclusive technology license and patent assignment agreement with Intel Corporation, under which we collected 3.1 million in August
2022 and we collected 0.4 million in January 2023. We expect this transaction to result in a reduction of operating expenses of approximately
 2.7 million on annual basis. Further, in February 2023, we announced that we had implemented cost-reduction initiatives to reduce operating
expenses by approximately 5 million on an annualized basis. 

If we were to raise additional capital through
sales of our equity securities, our stockholders would suffer dilution of their equity ownership. If we engage in debt financing, we may
be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, prohibit us from paying dividends, repurchasing
our stock or making investments, and force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, we may not be able to, among other
things: 

develop or enhance our products; 

continue to expand our product development and sales and marketing
organizations; 

acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses; 

expand operations, in the United States or internationally; 

hire, train and retain employees; or 

respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working
capital requirements. 

Our failure to do any of these things could seriously
harm our ability to execute our business strategy and may force us to curtail our existing operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements
or obligations that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity or capital resources. 

31 

Indemnifications 

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into
contractual arrangements under which we may agree to indemnify the counter-party from losses relating to a breach of representations and
warranties, a failure to perform certain covenants, or claims and losses arising from certain external events as outlined within the contract,
which may include, for example, losses arising from litigation or claims relating to past performance. Such indemnification clauses may
not be subject to maximum loss clauses. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors. No material
amounts related to these indemnifications are reflected in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022
or 2021. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
in Item 15 of this Report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference is made to the consolidated financial
statements listed under the heading (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
of Item 15, which consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in response to this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives,
and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls. Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the evaluation,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

32 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
names of our directors and certain information about each of them are set forth below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) with the Company 
 
 Ronald
 Glibbery 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Daniel
 Lewis 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 Ian McWalter(1)(2) 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Andreas
 Melder(1)(2) 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 Y. Newell(1)(2) 
 
 74 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Member of Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member of Compensation Committee 

The
principal occupations and positions for at least the past five years of our directors are described below. There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Ronald
Glibbery. Mr. Glibbery was appointed as our chief executive officer and to our board of directors in December 2021. He founded Peraso
Technologies Inc. (Peraso Tech) in 2008 and served as its chief executive officer. In June 2020, Peraso Tech applied for and obtained
an order under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (the CCAA), providing certain relief. Pursuant to the Initial Order issued
by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List) (the Court), Ernst Young Inc. was appointed as the Monitor of Peraso
Tech. In addition, the Monitor, in its capacity as Foreign Representative, filed a voluntary petition in the United States under Chapter
15 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, seeking recognition of the CCAA proceeding. In October 2020, the Court granted an order authorizing the
termination of Peraso Tech s CCAA proceedings upon the completion of certain defined steps. In December 2020, the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York issued an Order that: (i) recognized and gave full force and effect in the United
States to the Court s order approving the Settlement Agreement; and (ii) terminated the Chapter 15 Proceedings. Mr. Glibbery has
over 25 years of experience in the semiconductor industry. Prior to co-founding Peraso Tech, Mr. Glibbery held executive positions at
Kleer Semiconductor, a fabless semiconductor company focused on wireless audio technology and Intellon, a pioneer and leader in the development
of semiconductor devices used for powerline communications. He has held other executive roles at Cogency Semiconductor, LSI Logic Canada,
Inc. and LSI Logic Corporation. Mr. Glibbery holds a B.E.Sc. in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the University of Western
Ontario. 

We
believe that Mr. Glibbery s qualifications to serve on the board of directors include his service as an officer of ours and his
extensive general management and technical expertise in the semiconductor industry, as well as his experience as a chief executive officer. 

Daniel
Lewis. Mr. Lewis has served as a member of the board of directors since September 2017. He served as our Vice President, General
Manager of Memory Products from April 2022 until his retirement effective December 16, 2022. Mr. Lewis previously served as our President
from August 2018 until April 2022 and chief executive officer from August 2018 until the business combination with Peraso Tech in December
2021. Before joining MoSys, Mr. Lewis served as the managing member and an owner of GMS Manufacturing Solution LLC, a firm focused on
providing engineering services to manufacturing companies. He previously held various executive and leadership roles at View Box Group,
Xicor, Integrated Device Technology, Accelerant Networks, Intel Corporation, Zilog and Digital Equipment Corporation. Mr. Lewis holds
a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan. We believe that Mr. Lewis s qualifications to serve on the board
of directors include his service as an officer of ours and his extensive business experience, having held senior management positions
at several companies in the semiconductor, computer and networking industries. He brings strategic and operational insight to the board
of directors. 

Ian
McWalter. Dr. McWalter was appointed to our board of directors in December 2021. He currently serves as a member of the board
of directors for Evertz Technologies, a publicly traded manufacturer of video and audio infrastructure solutions for television, telecom
and new-media industries. Dr. McWalter served as the president and chief executive officer of CMC Microsystems from 2007 until 2018.
Prior to this role, Dr. McWalter was chief executive officer of Toumaz Technology. Before joining Toumaz, Dr. McWalter spent 15 years
at Gennum Corporation, including five years as president and chief executive officer from 2000 to 2005. Previously, he held management
and technical positions at Bell Northern Research Ltd., the research and development arm of Northern Telecom and Bell Canada, and Plessey
Semiconductors. Dr. McWalter was awarded a B.Sc. in physics and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the Imperial College of Science
and Technology in London, England. We believe that Dr. McWalter s qualifications to serve on the board of directors include his
extensive general management and technical expertise in the semiconductor industry, as well as his experience as a chief executive officer
and his experience serving as a director on public-company boards of directors. 

33 

Andreas
Melder. Mr. Melder was appointed to our board of directors in December 2021. He is a veteran technology executive in the semiconductor,
communications and consumer electronics industries and previously served as vice president of business development at Gigle Networks,
which was acquired in 2011 by Broadcom, where he continued to serve in executive marketing roles. Prior to Broadcom, Mr. Melder served
as senior vice president of sales, marketing and business development for Intellon, which was acquired by Atheros/Qualcom. Previously,
he was founder and vice president of marketing and business development for Microtune, a designer of RF integrated circuits and subsystem
modules, which was acquired by Zoran Semiconductor, and vice president of sales marketing for Tripath, an audio controller company
acquired by Etelos. Additionally, Mr. Melder was a senior executive for companies that were acquired by Broadcom, Cirrus Logic and RFMD.
Mr. Melder earned a B.S. in Electrical Engineering/Business from Carnegie-Mellon University and a M.S. in Electrical Engineering and
Operations Research from Southern Methodist University. We believe that Mr. Melder s qualifications to serve on the board of directors
include his extensive business experience, having held senior management positions at several companies in the semiconductor, computer
and networking industries. Additionally, he brings additional operational, and fund-raising expertise, and business development and mergers
and acquisitions experience. public markets, participated in investor roadshows and positioned additional companies for M A exits
through proper strategic industry positioning. 

Robert
Y. Newell. Mr. Newell has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2018 and is currently a consultant and advisor
to emerging technology and healthcare companies. He has held financial management positions for companies in Silicon Valley for over
25 years. From 2003 to 2018, Mr. Newell was chief financial officer of Dextera Surgical, Inc. (Dextera) a developer of advanced surgical
stapling and medical devices. In December 2017, after entering into an agreement to sell substantially all of its assets, Dextera filed
a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Delaware. He served on the board of directors of ARI Network Services, a leading publicly traded supplier of SaaS
and data as a service solutions. Previously, Mr. Newell served as chief financial officer of Omnicell, an automated medication and hospital
supply management company, and prior to 2000, he held executive positions with the Beta Group and Cardiometrics. Prior to his business
career, he was a pilot in the United States Air Force. Mr. Newell holds a B.A. in mathematics from the College of William Mary
and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Newell s qualifications to serve on the board of directors include
his substantial financial and public-company experience, as he has served as chief financial officer at multiple medical device and other
technology companies. He also has previous experience serving as a director on public-company boards of directors. 

The
names of our executive officers and certain information about them are set forth either above or below, as the case may be: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) with the Company 
 
 Ronald
 Glibbery 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 James
 W. Sullivan 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Bradley
 Lynch 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Alexander
 Tomkins 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer 
 
 Mark
 Lunsford 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Revenue Officer 

James
Sullivan. Mr. Sullivan has served as our chief financial officer since January 2008. From July 2006 until January 2008, Mr. Sullivan
served as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Apptera, Inc., a venture-backed company providing software for mobile
advertising, search and commerce. From July 2002 until June 2006, Mr. Sullivan was the chief financial officer at 8x8, Inc., a publicly-traded
SAAS provider of VoIP and unified communication solutions. Mr. Sullivan s prior experience includes various positions at 8x8, Inc.
and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from New York University and is a certified public
accountant. 

Bradley
Lynch . Mr. Lynch has served as chief operating officer since December 2021. He co-founded Peraso Tech in 2009 and served as executive
vice president of engineering and operations. In June 2020, Peraso Tech applied for and obtained an order under the Companies 
Creditors Arrangement Act (the CCAA), providing certain relief. Pursuant to the Initial Order issued by the Ontario Superior Court of
Justice (Commercial List) (the Court), Ernst Young Inc. was appointed as the Monitor of Peraso Tech. In addition, the Monitor,
in its capacity as Foreign Representative, filed a voluntary petition in the United States under Chapter 15 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code,
seeking recognition of the CCAA proceeding. In October 2020, the Court granted an order authorizing the termination of Peraso Tech s
CCAA proceedings upon the completion of certain defined steps. In December 2020, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of New York issued an Order that: (i) recognized and gave full force and effect in the United States to the Court s order
approving the Settlement Agreement; and (ii) terminated the Chapter 15 Proceedings. Prior to founding Peraso Tech, Mr. Lynch worked as
a system architect at Kleer Semiconductor, a fabless company focused on wireless audio technology. Before Kleer, he was director of software
engineering at Intellon Corporation, a pioneer and leader in the development of semiconductor devices used for powerline communications.
Previously, Mr. Lynch held various technical roles at Cogency Semiconductor and Power Trunk. Mr. Lynch holds a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering
from the University of Waterloo. 

34 

Alexander
Tomkins . Mr. Tomkins has served as our chief technology officer since December 2021. He co-founded Peraso Tech in 2009 and served
as its chief technology officer. In June 2020, Peraso Tech applied for and obtained an order under the Companies Creditors Arrangement
Act (the CCAA), providing certain relief. Pursuant to the Initial Order issued by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List),
Ernst Young Inc. was appointed as the Monitor of Peraso Tech. In addition, the Monitor, in its capacity as Foreign Representative,
filed a voluntary petition in the United States under Chapter 15 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, seeking recognition of the CCAA proceeding.
In October 2020, the Court granted an order authorizing the termination of Peraso Tech s CCAA proceedings upon the completion of
certain defined steps. In December 2020, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York issued an Order that:
(i) recognized and gave full force and effect in the United States to the Court s order approving the Settlement Agreement; and
(ii) terminated the Chapter 15 Proceedings. Mr. Tomkins holds a Masters of Applied Science from the University of Toronto and a B.S.
in Engineering Physics from Carleton University. He also attended the University of Toronto as a doctoral candidate in Applied Science. 

Mark
Lunsford. Mr. Lunsford was appointed as our chief revenue officer in October 2022. Prior to joining Peraso, Mr. Lunsford held numerous
positions of responsibility with companies in the semiconductor industry. From 1988 to 1999, he worked for Asia Pacific at Monolithic
Memories, where he served in multiple roles, including vice president of sales for the Americas and director of marketing. From 1999
to 2001, Mr. Lunsford was the vice president of worldwide sales and director of business development at Pivotal Technologies. In 2001,
and for a period of eight years, he served as vice president of worldwide sales at Micrel Semiconductor. From 2009 to 2013, he worked
at NXP, where he served as vice president of sales and marketing for the Americas. In 2013, and for a period of six years, he served
as the executive vice president of worldwide sales at SiTime Inc., a provider of MEMS-based timing devices. From January 2019 until April
2020, he provided consulting services for a range of high-technology businesses. Finally, he served as the vice president of global sales
at Chasm Advanced Materials, a provider of carbon nano tube based product solutions, from November 2020 until April 2022. Mr. Lunsford
holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees. The code of ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote,
among other things, honest and ethical conduct, full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosures in reports and documents
submitted to the SEC and other public communications, compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, the prompt
internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code and accountability for adherence
to such code. 

The
code of ethics is available on our website, www.perasoinc.com . If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or
grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our chief executive officer or chief financial officer,
or persons performing similar functions, where such amendment or waiver is required to be disclosed under applicable SEC rules, we intend
to disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
board of directors established the Audit Committee for the purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes and
audits of our financial statements. The Audit Committee also is charged with reviewing reports regarding violations of our code of ethics
and complaints with respect thereto, and internal control violations under our whistleblower policy are directed to the members of the
Audit Committee. The responsibilities of our Audit Committee are described in the Audit Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors,
a current copy of which can be found on the investors section of our website, www.perasoinc.com. 

Robert
Y. Newell, Ian McWalter and Andreas Melder are the current members of the Audit Committee. All are independent, as determined in accordance
with Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq listing rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Mr. Newell serves as the chairman and has been designated
by the board of directors as the audit committee financial expert, as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. That status does not impose duties, liabilities or obligations that are greater than the duties,
liabilities or obligations otherwise imposed on him as a member of the Audit Committee and the board of directors, however. The Audit
Committee has delegated authority to Mr. Newell for review and pre-approval of services proposed to be provided by our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

35 

Compensation
Committee 

Ian
McWalter, Andreas Melder and Robert Y. Newell are the current members of the Compensation Committee, and Dr. McWalter serves as the chairman.
The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing, recommending and approving our compensation policies and benefits, including
the compensation of all of our executive officers and directors. Our Compensation Committee also has the principal responsibility for
the administration of our equity incentive and stock purchase plans. The responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are described
in the Compensation Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors, a current copy of which can be found on the investors section
of our website, www.perasoinc.com. 

Nominations
Process 

We
do not have a nominating committee, as we are a small company and currently only have five directors. Instead of having such a committee,
our board of directors historically has appointed all of the independent directors on our board to search for and evaluate qualified
individuals to become nominees for director and board committee members. The independent directors recommend candidates for nomination
for election or reelection at each annual meeting of stockholders and, as necessary, to fill vacancies and newly created directorships,
and evaluate candidates for appointment to and removal from committees. The independent directors operate in this capacity under authority
granted by resolution of the board of directors, rather than by charter. 

When
new candidates for our board of directors are sought, the independent directors evaluate each candidate for nomination as a director
within the context of the needs and the composition of the board of directors as a whole. The independent directors conduct any appropriate
and necessary inquiries into the backgrounds and qualifications of candidates. When evaluating director nominees, our board of directors
generally seeks to identify individuals with diverse, yet complementary business backgrounds. Although we have no formal policy regarding
diversity, our directors consider both the personal characteristics and experience of director nominees, including each nominee s
independence, diversity, age, skills, expertise, time availability and industry background in the context of the needs of the board of
directors and the Company. The board of directors believes that director nominees should exhibit proven leadership capabilities and experience
at a high level of responsibility within their chosen fields and must have the experience and ability to analyze the complex business
issues facing us, and specifically, the issues inherent in the semiconductor industry. In addition to business expertise, the board of
directors requires that director nominees have the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values and, above all, are
committed to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders and other stakeholders. To date, we have not paid any fee to a
third party to assist in the process of identifying or evaluating director candidates. Our independent directors will consider candidates
for nomination as director who are recommended by a stockholder and will not evaluate any candidate for nomination for director differently
because the candidate was recommended by a stockholder. To date, we have not received or rejected any suggestions for a director candidate
recommended by any stockholder or group of stockholders owning more than 5 of our common stock. The recommendation must include the
information specified in our bylaws for stockholder nominees to be considered at an annual meeting, including the following: 

The
 stockholder s name and address and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the
 nomination is proposed; 

The
 stockholder s reason for making the nomination at the annual meeting, and the signed
 consent of the nominee to serve if elected; 

The
 number of shares owned by, and any material interest of, the record owner and the beneficial
 owner, if any, on whose behalf the record owner is proposing the nominee; 

A
 description of any arrangements or understandings between the stockholder, the nominee and
 any other person regarding the nomination; and 

Information
 regarding the nominee that would be required to be included in our proxy statement by the
 rules of the SEC, including the nominee s age, business experience for the past five
 years and any other directorships held by the nominee. 

The
information listed above is not a complete list of the information required by our bylaws. The secretary will forward any timely recommendations
containing the required information to our independent directors for consideration. 

36 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Committee 

Ian
McWalter, Andreas Melder and Robert Y. Newell are the current members of our Compensation Committee, with Dr. McWalter serving as the
chairman. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing, recommending and approving our compensation policies and benefits,
including the compensation of all of our executive officers and directors. Our Compensation Committee also has the principal responsibility
for the administration of our equity incentive and stock purchase plans and the approval of equity awards to the named executive officers.
The responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are described in the Compensation Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors,
a current copy of which can be found on the investors section of our website, www.perasoinc.com. 

Overview
of Compensation Program 

The
Compensation Committee of the board of directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing and monitoring adherence to our compensation
philosophy. The board of directors has delegated to the Compensation Committee the responsibility for determining our compensation policies
and procedures for senior management, including the named executive officers, periodically reviewing these policies and procedures, and
making recommendations concerning executive compensation to be considered by the full board of directors, when such approval is required
under any of our plans or policies or by applicable laws. 

The
compensation received by our named executive officers in fiscal year 2022 is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table, below. For
2022, the named executive officers included Ronald Glibbery, our chief executive officer, Daniel Lewis, our former vice president and
president, and James Sullivan, our chief financial officer. 

Compensation
Philosophy 

In
general, our executive compensation policies are designed to recruit, retain and motivate qualified executives by providing them with
a competitive total compensation package based in large part on the executive s contribution to our financial and operational success,
the executive s personal performance and increases in stockholder value, as measured by the price of our common stock. We believe
that the total compensation paid to our executives should be fair, reasonable and competitive. 

We
seek to have a balanced approach to executive compensation with each primary element of compensation (base salary, variable compensation
and equity incentives) designed to play a specific role. Overall, we design our compensation programs to allow for the recruitment, retention
and motivation of the key executives and high-level talent required in order for us to: 

supply
 high-value and high-quality integrated circuit solutions to our customer base; 

achieve
 or exceed our annual financial plan and be profitable; 

make
 continuous progression towards achieving our long-term strategic objectives to be a high-growth
 company with growing profitability; and 

increase
 our share price to provide greater value to our stockholders. 

37 

Role
of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 

The
chief executive officer (CEO) makes recommendations for equity and non-equity compensation for executives to be approved by the Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee reviews these guidelines annually. The CEO annually reviews the performance of our executives (other
than himself) and presents his recommendations for proposed salary adjustments, bonuses and equity awards to the Compensation Committee
once a year. In its discretion, the Compensation Committee may accept, modify or reject the CEO s recommendations. The Compensation
Committee evaluates the compensation of the CEO on its own without the participation or involvement of the CEO. Only the Compensation
Committee and the board of directors are authorized to approve the compensation for any named executive officer. Compensation of new
executives is based on hiring negotiations between the individuals and our CEO and/or Compensation Committee. 

Elements
of Compensation 

Consistent
with our compensation philosophy and objectives, we offer executive compensation packages consisting of the following three components: 

base
 salary; 

annual
 incentive compensation; and 

equity
 awards. 

In
each fiscal year, the Compensation Committee determines the amount and relative weighting of each component for all executives, including
the named executive officers. Base salaries are paid in fixed amounts and thus do not encourage risk taking. Our widespread use of long-term
compensation consisting of restricted stock units (RSUs) focuses recipients on the achievement of our longer-term goals and conserves
cash for other operating expenses. Historically, the RSUs granted to our executives have vested in increments over three years. The Compensation
Committee does not believe that these awards encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking because the ultimate value of the awards
is tied to our stock price, and the use of multi-year vesting schedules helps to align our employees interests even more closely
with those of our long-term investors. 

Base
Salary 

Because
our compensation philosophy stresses performance-based awards, base salary is intended to be a smaller portion of total executive compensation
relative to long-term equity. The Compensation Committee takes into account the executive s scope of responsibility and significance
to the execution of our long-term strategy, past accomplishments, experience and personal performance and compares each executive s
base salary with those of the other members of senior management. The Compensation Committee may give different weighting to each of
these factors for each executive, as it deems appropriate. The Compensation Committee did not retain a compensation consultant or determine
a compensation peer group for 2022. 

In February 2022, the Compensation Committee approved increases to
the annual base salaries of certain of our executive officers, effective retroactively as of December 17, 2021. The annual base salary
for our chief financial officer, James Sullivan, was increased from 260,000 to 305,000. The annual base salary for our chief operating
officer, Brad Lynch, was increased from CAD 200,000 to 275,000. The annual base salary for our chief technology officer, Alex Tomkins,
was increased from CAD 252,000 to 250,000. 

In
April 2022, the Compensation Committee approved an increase to the annual base salary for our then president, Daniel Lewis, from 250,000
to 275,000, effective retroactively as of December 17, 2021. 

Annual
Incentive Compensation 

In
February 2022, the Compensation Committee authorized incentive compensation targets for the named executive officers. Mr. Sullivan, under
the terms of his 2022 annual performance-based bonus, will be eligible to receive a target amount of up to 60 of his base salary, payable
in the form of cash, the Company s stock or a combination of both. Similarly, Mr. Lynch, under the terms of his 2022 annual performance-based
bonus, will be eligible to receive a target amount of up to 50 of his base salary, also payable in the form of cash, the Company s
stock or a combination of both. 

38 

In
April 2022, the Compensation Committee authorized incentive compensation targets for Mr. Lewis. Mr.
Lewis, under the terms of his 2022 annual performance-based bonus, will be eligible to receive (i) a target amount of up to 50 
of his base salary based upon the achievement of certain goals and performance criteria determined by our CEO and the Compensation Committee
and (ii) a cash bonus equal to 3 of (a) the cash proceeds received by the Company (the VAE Bonus in the event the Company
sells all or any part of the Company s Virtual Accelerator Engine intellectual property (the VAE Sale or (b) the
royalties paid to the Company during the 24 month period following the VAE Sale (the VAE Royalty Payments and, together
with the VAE Bonus, the VAE Incentive Payments provided, however, that in no event will the aggregate VAE Incentive Payments
exceed 300,000. In January 2023, upon receipt of the final proceeds from the VAE Sale, we paid Mr. Lewis 105,000 for the VAE Bonus. 

Equity
Awards 

Although
we do not have a mandated policy regarding the ownership of shares of common stock by officers and directors, we believe that granting
equity awards to executives and other key employees on an ongoing basis gives them a strong incentive to maximize stockholder value and
aligns their interests with those of our other stockholders on a long-term basis. Our Amended and Restated Peraso Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive
Plan (the Peraso Stock Incentive Plan ), which was approved by our stockholders and became effective in August 2019, enables
us to grant equity awards, as well as other types of stock-based compensation, to our executive officers and other employees. The Compensation
Committee reviews and approves all equity awards granted under the Peraso Stock Incentive Plan to the named executive officers. We grant
equity awards to achieve retention and motivation: 

upon the hiring of key executives and other personnel; 

annually, when we review progress against corporate
 and personal goals; and 

when we believe that competitive forces or economic
 conditions threaten to cause our key executives to lose their motivation and/or where retention of these key executives is in jeopardy. 

With
the Compensation Committee s approval, we grant equity awards to acquire shares of common stock when we initially hire executives
and other employees, as a long-term performance incentive. The Compensation Committee has determined the size of the initial equity awards
to newly hired executives with reference to equity awards held by existing executives, the percentage that such award represents of our
total shares outstanding and hiring negotiations with the individual. In addition, the Compensation Committee would consider other relevant
information regarding the size and type of compensation package considered necessary to enable us to recruit, retain and motivate the
executive. 

Typically,
when we hire an executive, the equity awards vest on over a three-year period. The options granted to executives in connection with annual
performance reviews typically vest monthly over a three-to-four year period, and RSUs granted typically vest annually over a period of
from one-to-three years, as the Compensation Committee may decide. As matters of policy and practice, we grant stock options with an
exercise price equal to fair market value, although the 2019 Plan allows us to use a different exercise price. In determining fair market
value, we use the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq on the grant date. 

Historically,
no employee has been eligible for an annual performance grant until the employee has been employed for at least six months. Annual performance
reviews are generally conducted in the first half of each fiscal year. Our CEO conducts the performance review of all other executives
and makes his recommendations to the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee also reviews the CEO s annual performance
and determines whether he should receive additional equity awards. Aside from equity award grants in connection with annual performance
reviews, we do not have a policy of granting additional awards to executives during the year. The board of directors and Compensation
Committee have not adopted a policy with respect to setting the dates of award grants relative to the timing of the release of material
non-public information. Our policy with respect to prohibiting insider trading restricts sales of shares during specified black-out periods,
including at all times that our insiders are considered to possess material non-public information. 

In
determining the size of equity awards in connection with the annual performance reviews of our executives, the Compensation Committee
takes into account the executive s current position with and responsibilities to us, and current and past equity awards to the
executive. 

39 

In
April 2022, our Compensation Committee authorized the following awards of restricted stock units to the named executive officers: 

Mr. Glibbery 200,000; 

Mr. Lewis 75,000; and 

Mr. Sullivan 100,000. 

The
awards vest over semiannually over the 36-month period commencing December 17, 2021. 

Going
forward, we intend to continue to evaluate and consider equity grants to our executives on an annual basis. We expect to consider potential
equity awards for executives at the same time as we annually review our employees performance and determine whether to award grants
for all employees. 

Accounting
and Tax Considerations 

Our
Compensation Committee has reviewed the impact of tax and accounting treatment on the various components of our executive compensation
program. Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code ), generally disallows a tax deduction to publicly-held
companies for compensation paid to covered executive officers, to the extent that compensation paid to such an officer
exceeds 1 million during the taxable year. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act repealed the performance-based exception to the deduction limit
for remuneration that is deductible in tax years commencing after December 31, 2017. However, certain remuneration is specifically exempt
from the deduction limit under a transition rule to the extent that it is performance-based, as defined in Section 162(m)
of the Code, and subject to a written binding contract in effect as of November 2, 2017 that is not later modified in any
material respect. We endeavor to award compensation that will be deductible for income tax purposes, though other factors will also be
considered. None of the compensation paid to our covered executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2022 that would be taken
into account for purposes of Section 162(m) exceeded the 1 million limitation for 2021. Because of ambiguities and uncertainties as
to the application and interpretation of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, including the uncertain scope
of the transition relief under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, no assurance can be given that compensation intended to satisfy the requirements
for exemption from Section 162(m) of the Code in fact will satisfy such requirements. Our Compensation Committee may authorize compensation
payments that do not comply with the exemptions to Section 162(m) when we believe that such payments are appropriate to attract and retain
executive talent. 

Say-on-Pay 

In
2020, we gave our stockholders an opportunity to provide feedback on our executive compensation through an advisory vote at our annual
stockholder meeting. Stockholders were asked to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers.
A majority of stockholders indicated approval of the compensation of the named executive officers, with approximately 90 of the shares
that voted on such matter voting in favor of the proposal. Additionally, in 2017, stockholders were asked to approve, on an advisory
basis, in favor of having a stockholder vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers every three years. A majority
of stockholders indicated approval of having a stockholder vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers every three
years, with approximately 60 of the shares that voted on such matter voting in favor of the proposal. Based on these results and consistent
with the previous recommendation and determination of its board of directors, we will hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation
every three years until the next vote on the frequency of the stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation. 

In
light of the results of the advisory vote, the Compensation Committee continued to apply principles that were substantially similar to
those applied historically in determining compensation policies and decisions and did not make any significant changes to executive compensation
decisions and policies with respect to 2022 executive compensation. 

40 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table sets forth compensation information for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 for each of our named executive officers. Compensation
paid by Peraso Tech prior to the closing of the Arrangement is not reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Name
 and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Stock Option 
 Awards )(1) 
 Restricted Stock 
 Awards )(1) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 2022 
 400,000 
 
 430,000 
 
 830,000 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 2021 
 16,667 

16,667 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (2) 

Daniel Lewis 
 2022 
 279,316 
 
 161,250 
 
 440,566 
 
 Vice
 President, General Manager of Memory Products and Director (3) 
 2021 
 266,667 
 
 32,500 
 500,000 
 799,167 
 
 James Sullivan 
 2022 
 306,719 
 
 215,000 
 
 521,719 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 256,668 

200,000 
 456,668 

(1) Award
 amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value with respect to awards granted during
 the years indicated, as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used
 to calculate the aggregate grant date fair value of option and stock awards are set forth
 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 15 of this Report.
 These amounts do not reflect actual compensation earned or to be earned by our named executive
 officers. 

(3) Mr.
 Lewis resigned as our Vice President, General Manager of Memory Products in December 2022. 

GRANTS
OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 All
 Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or 
Units (#)(1) 
 Grant
 Date Fair Value of Stock Awards ) 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 4/15/2022 
 200,000 
 430,000 
 
 Daniel
 Lewis (2) 
 4/15/2022 
 75,000 
 161,250 
 
 James Sullivan 
 4/15/2022 
 100,000 
 215,000 

(1) Represents
 restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Equity Plan. 

(2) Mr.
 Lewis resigned as our Vice President, General Manager of Memory Products in December 2022. 

41 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31,
2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price( 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date(1) 
 Number of 
 Units That 
 Have Not 
 Vested (#) 
 
 Market 
 Value of 
 Units That 
 Have Not 
 Vested ) 

Ron Glibbery 
 22,619 
 (2) 

1.73 
 11/17/2024 

18,095 
 (2) 

2.59 
 12/29/2025 

278,891 
 (2) 

2.59 
 9/17/2030 

109,599 
 (2) 

2.59 
 12/16/2031 

133,333 
 (11) 
 97,333 
 (12) 

Daniel Lewis 
 4,000 
 (3) 

15.00 
 10/19/2023 

1,000 
 (4) 

25.60 
 1/4/2024 

15,000 
 (5) 

3.92 
 2/6/2029 

60,000 
 (6) 

1.57 
 11/20/2029 

50,000 
 (11) 
 36,500 
 (12) 

James Sullivan 
 300 
 (7) 

410.00 
 3/30/2025 

787 
 (8) 

144.00 
 8/23/2026 

5,500 
 (9) 

3.92 
 2/6/2029 

20,000 
 (10) 

1.57 
 11/20/2029 

66,667 
 (11) 
 48,667 
 (12) 

(1) 
 The standard option term is
 generally ten years, but all of the options expire automatically unless exercised within 90 days after the cessation of service as
 an employee, director or consultant. 
 
 (2) 
 The stock options were acquired
 on December 17, 2021 as consideration for the person s securities of Peraso Technologies Inc., which we acquired by way of
 reverse takeover pursuant to the Arrangement. 
 
 (3) 
 The stock option was granted
 on October 19, 2017 for service as a non-employee director, and the shares subject to this option vest annually over three years
 beginning September 26, 2017 subject to continued employment (or service as a director or consultant). 
 
 (4) 
 The stock option was granted
 on January 4, 2018 for service as a non-employee director, and the shares subject to this option vest annually over three years beginning
 September 26, 2017 subject to continued service as an employee, director or consultant. 
 
 (5) 
 The stock option was granted
 on February 6, 2019, and the shares subject to this option vest monthly over three years subject to continued service as an employee,
 director or consultant. The shares were fully vested on December 17, 2021 per the Arrangement Agreement. 
 
 (6) 
 The stock option was granted
 on November 20, 2019, and the shares subject to this option vested monthly over three years subject to continued service as an employee,
 director or consultant. The shares were fully vested on December 17, 2021 per the Arrangement Agreement. 
 
 (7) 
 The stock option was granted
 on March 30, 2015, and the shares subject to this option vested monthly over 48 months subject to continued employment (or service
 as a director or consultant). 
 
 (8) 
 In August 2016, officers tendered
 their eligible options and received new options at a rate of 1 replacement option share for each 1.75 option shares tendered. The
 stock option was granted on August 23, 2016, and the shares subject to this option vested monthly over 48 months subject to continued
 employment (or service as a director or consultant). 
 
 (9) 
 The stock option was granted
 on February 6, 2019, and the shares subject to this option vest monthly over three years subject to continued service as an employee,
 director or consultant). 
 
 (10) 
 The stock option was granted
 on November 20, 2019, and the shares subject to this option vested monthly over three years subject to continued service as an employee,
 director or consultant. 
 
 (11) 
 The shares subject to each
 restricted stock unit grant vest on each semi-annual anniversary over a three-year period commencing on December 17, 2021 subject
 to continued employment (or service as a director or consultant). 
 
 (12) 
 The amount is calculated using
 the Company s closing price on the Nasdaq of 0.73 per share of common stock on December 30, 2022. 

42 

OPTION
EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED 

The
following table sets forth the number of shares acquired and aggregate dollar amount realized pursuant to the vesting of stock awards
by our named executive officers during 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Shares Acquired on Exercise(#) 
 Value 
 Realized on Exercise( 
 Number
 of Shares Acquired on Vesting(#) 
 Value 
 Realized on Vesting( )(1) 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 

66,667 
 92,333 
 
 Daniel Lewis 

25,000 
 34,625 
 
 James Sullivan 

34,708 
 49,714 

(1) 
 The aggregate dollar value
 realized upon vesting represents the closing price of a share of common stock on the Nasdaq at the date of vesting, multiplied by
 the total number of shares vested. 

Employment
and Change-in-Control Arrangements and Agreements 

Our
Executive Change-in-Control and Severance Policy (the Policy provides benefits that are intended to encourage the continued
dedication of our executive officers and to mitigate potential disincentives to the consideration of a transaction that would result
in a change in control, particularly where the services of our named executive officers may not be required by a potential acquirer.
The Policy provides for benefits for our named executive officers in the event of a Change-in-Control, which is generally
defined as: 

an acquisition of 45 or more of our common stock or
 voting securities by any person as defined under the Exchange Act; or 

consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution
 of the Company or a merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of our assets (collectively, a Business
 Combination other than a Business Combination in which (A) our stockholders receive 50 or more of the stock of the corporation
 resulting from the Business Combination and (B) at least a majority of the board of directors of such resulting corporation were
 our incumbent directors immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, and (C) after which no individual, entity
 or group (excluding any corporation or other entity resulting from the Business Combination or any employee benefit plan of such
 corporation or of ours) who did not own 45 or more of the stock of the resulting corporation or other entity immediately before
 the Business Combination owns 45 or more of the stock of such resulting corporation or other entity. 

Under
the Policy, the following compensation and benefits are to be provided to our chief executive officer upon the occurrence of a Change-in-Control,
and in the case of our other named executive officers, upon a Change-in-Control combined with a termination of the named executive officer s
employment without cause, or due to disability or resignation for good reason (as defined in the Policy) in connection with the Change-in-Control
or within 24 months after it: 

any base salary earned but not yet paid through the
 date of termination; 

any annual or discretionary
 bonus earned but not yet paid to him for any calendar year prior to the year in which his termination occurs; 

any compensation under
 any deferred compensation plan of ours or deferred compensation agreement with us then in effect; 

a single lump sum payment
 equal to the sum of (a) one year of his or her then-current base salary plus (b) the average of his or her annual bonus payments
 in the preceding three years or such shorter time as he or she has been employed by us (with prorated weighting assigned to any bonus
 earned for a partial year of employment), which payment will be made within 60 days following the Change-in-Control (in the case
 of the chief executive officer), or 60 days following the date of employment termination (in the case of all other named executive
 officers). 

vesting in 100 of all
 outstanding equity awards as of the date of the Change-in-Control for the chief executive officer, or as of the date of termination
 of employment for all other named executive officers; 

reimbursement of any business
 expenses incurred by him through the date of termination but not yet paid; 

reimbursement of the cost
 of continuation of medical benefits for a period of 12 months; and 

outstanding equity awards that are structured as stock
 options, stock appreciation rights or similar awards shall be amended effective as of the date of termination to provide that such
 awards will remain outstanding and exercisable until the earlier of (a) 12 months following the date of the Change-in-Control for
 the chief executive officer, or the termination of employment for the other named executive officers, and (b) the expiration of the
 award s initial term. 

43 

Under
the Policy, cause means the executive s: 

willful failure to attend to the executive s
 duties that is not cured by the executive within 30 days of receiving written notice from the CEO (or, in the case of the CEO, from
 the board of directors) specifying such failure; 

material breach of the executive s then-current
 employment agreement (if any) that is not cured by the executive within 30 days of receiving written notice from the CEO (or, in
 the case of the CEO, from the board of directors) specifying such breach; 

conviction of (or plea of guilty or nolo contendere
 to) any felony or any misdemeanor involving theft or embezzlement; or 

misconduct resulting in material harm to our business
 or reputation, including fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or a material violation of the executive s Employment,
 Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement; and 

Under
the Policy, good reason means the occurrence of any of the following conditions without the executive s consent,
but only if such condition is reported by the executive within 90 days of the executive s knowledge of such condition and remains
uncured 30 days after written notice from the executive to the board of directors of said condition: 

a material reduction in the executive s then-current base salary or annual target bonus (expressed as a percentage of Executive s then-current base salary), except for a reduction proportionate to reductions concurrently imposed on all other members of the Company s executive management; 

a material reduction in the executive s then-current employee benefits package, taken as a whole, except for a reduction proportionate to reductions concurrently imposed on all other members of executive management; 

a material reduction in the executive s responsibilities with respect to our overall operations, such that continuity of responsibilities with respect to business operations existing prior to a corporate transaction will serve as a material reduction in responsibilities if such business operations represent only a subsidiary or business unit of the larger enterprise after the corporate transaction; 

a material reduction in the responsibilities of the executive s direct reports, including a requirement for the chief executive officer to report to another officer as opposed to our board of directors or a requirement for any other executive to report to any officer other than our chief executive officer; 

a material breach by us of any material provision of the executive s then-current employment agreement (if any); 

a requirement that the executive relocate to a location more than 35 miles from the executive s then-current office location, unless such office relocation results in the distance between the new office and Executive s home being closer or equal to the distance between the prior office and the executive s home; 

a failure of a successor or transferee to assume our obligations under this Policy; or 

a failure to nominate the executive for election as a Board director, if, at the proper time for nomination, the executive is a member of the board of directors. 

Notwithstanding
the above, in lieu of the payments and benefits payable under the Policy to Mr. Glibbery as the Company s chief executive officer,
Mr. Glibbery will receive change-in control payments and benefits in accordance with the terms and conditions of his employment agreement.
The table below summarizes the payments Mr. Glibbery would be entitled to depending on the respective type of termination of his employment. 

44 

Termination
 Type 
 
 Payments
 and Benefits 

Termination
 for Cause or Voluntary Resignation 
 
 (i) 
 
 accrued and unpaid base
 salary and any other payments required by law, including those in connection with accrued vacation; and 

(ii) 
 
 reimbursement for business
 expenses. 

Termination
 Without Cause, for Good Reason, upon Change of Control, Death or Disability 
 
 (i) 
 
 accrued and unpaid base
 salary and any other payments required by law including those in connection with accrued vacation; 

(ii) 
 
 reimbursement for business
 expenses; 

(iii) 
 
 the payment of the greater
 of (A) the sum of: (x) pay in lieu of notice of termination, in the amount required pursuant to the ESA (as defined in Mr. Glibbery s
 employment agreement), and (y) statutory severance pay (if applicable) in the amount required to be provided pursuant to the ESA;
 or (B) twenty-four (24) months of base salary in lieu of notice, calculated solely by reference to the base salary except and only
 to the extent as otherwise minimally required by the ESA, to be paid in the form of a lump sum; 

(iv) 
 
 any bonus awarded but
 not yet paid in respect of the fiscal year preceding the termination date; 

(v) 
 
 bonus for the year in
 which the employment terminates, prorated pursuant to the employment agreement; 

(vi) 
 
 all benefits (as existed
 on the date notice of termination is provided) for the duration of the Severance Period (as defined in the employment agreement); 

(vii) 
 
 any unvested equity
 and equity-related compensation that has been issued pursuant to the Plan will be immediately accelerated and vested as of the termination
 date; 

(viii) 
 
 any vested equity and
 equity-related compensation that has been issued under the Plan will remain exercisable until 24 months following such termination;
 and 

(ix) 
 
 any other benefits and/or
 perquisites shall continue until the end of the ESA Notice Period (as defined in the employment agreement). 

The
information below describes the severance benefits payable to (i) Mr. Glibbery under his employment agreement and (ii) Mr. Sullivan under
the Policy, as if such arrangements had been in effect and a Change-in-Control occurred on December 31, 2022, and the employment of each
of our named executive officers was terminated without cause immediately following the Change-in-Control: 

Name 
 Base Salary )(1) 
 Incentive Plans )(2) 
 Continuation 
of Benefits )(3) 
 Stock 
Option 
 Vesting )(4) 
 Stock 
 Award 
 Vesting )(5) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 800,000 
 300,000 
 13,766 
 
 97,333 
 1,211,099 
 
 James Sullivan 
 305,000 
 183,000 
 24,506 
 
 48,667 
 561,173 

(1) 
 Represents cash severance
 payments based on the executive s salary at December 31, 2022, in an amount equal to two years of base salary for Mr. Glibbery
 and one year of base salary for Mr. Sullivan. 
 
 (2) 
 For
Mr. Glibbery, the amount represents payment of his annual target bonus amount. For Mr. Sullivan, the amount represents the average of
his annual performance incentive payments in the preceding three years. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents
the aggregate amount of all premiums payable for the continuation of the executive s health benefits for one or two years, as applicable,
based on the amounts of such premiums at December 31, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 The
value is calculated as the intrinsic value per share, multiplied by the number of shares that would become fully vested upon the Change-in-Control.
The intrinsic value per share would be calculated as the excess of the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq of 0.73 on December
30, 2022 over the exercise price of the option. If the value is less than zero, it is deemed to be zero for the purposes of these calculations. 
 
 (5) 
 The
value is calculated as the intrinsic value per share, multiplied by the number of shares that would become fully vested upon the Change-in-Control.
The intrinsic value per share is considered as the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq of 0.73 on December 30, 2022. 

45 

If
a Change-in-Control occurred on December 31, 2022, under the Policy, the following numbers of option and award shares would have vested
immediately as a result of acceleration on December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number of 
 Accelerated 
 Option and 
 Award 
 Shares 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 215,532 
 
 James Sullivan 
 66,667 

Employment
Agreements 

In
addition to the agreements containing the Change-in-Control provisions summarized above, we have entered into our standard form of employment,
confidential information, invention assignment and arbitration agreement with each of the named executive officers. 

We
also have entered into agreements to indemnify our current and former directors and certain executive officers, in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. These agreements, among other things, provide for indemnification of our
directors and certain executive officers for many expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts
incurred by any such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of the Company, arising out of such
person s services as a director or executive officer of the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or any other company or enterprise
to which the person provided services at our request. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the compensation we paid to our non-employee directors in 2022: 

Name 
 Fee 
Compensation ) 
 Restricted Stock 
Awards 
 )(1) 
 Option 
Awards )(2) 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Y. Newell 
 42,175 

42,175 
 
 Ian McWalter 
 34,793 

34,793 
 
 Andreas Melder 
 31,630 

31,630 

(1) 
 As
of December 31, 2022, restricted stock unit awards held on December 31, 2022 consist of: awards granted to Messrs. Newell, McWalter and
Melder on December 22, 2021 for 20,000 shares each. 
 
 (2) 
 As
of December 31, 2022, Messrs. McWalter and Melder each held 19,724 outstanding options to purchase of shares of our common stock. Mr.
Newell held 24,724 outstanding options to purchase of shares of our common stock. 

Director
Fee Compensation 

The
challenges our business has faced have made it challenging for us to attract new non-employee directors. Nasdaq and SEC regulations require
that a majority of the directors on our board of directors and its committees be independent, non-employee directors, as defined by each
entity. In December 2021, we amended our director compensation structure and adopted our Outside Director Compensation Plan (the Director
Plan). Under the Director Plan, we pay the following annual cash retainer fees, payable in quarterly installments, to our non-employee
directors for their service on our board of directors and, as applicable, for service on committees of our board of directors: 

35,000 for service on the board of directors; 

8,000 for service as chairperson of the Audit Committee; and 

6,000 for service as chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

46 

Director
Equity Compensation 

Under
the Director Plan, upon initial appointment to our board of directors, each non-employee director will receive a stock option with
a value of 100,000, calculated by dividing the 100,000 by the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant. The initial
stock option will have an exercise price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant and will vest as to one-third
of the shares on the first annual anniversary of the grant and the remaining shares quarterly over the subsequent two years, provided
the non-employee director continues to serve on the board of directors. In the event of a merger, sale of substantially all of our assets
or similar transaction, vesting of all director options would accelerate as to 100 of the unvested shares subject to the award. 

Non-employee
directors will also receive an annual equity award of restricted stock units of common stock equal to 50,000 of value per non-employee
director. The restricted stock unit award will be made upon initial appointment to our board of directors and then subsequently at the
first scheduled meeting of the board of directors following our annual meeting of stockholders. The number of restricted stock units
will be calculated by dividing 50,000 by the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of the award. The restricted stock
unit award will vest in full on the earlier to occur of the next annual meeting of stockholders or the one-year anniversary of the award.
All equity awards granted under the Director Plan will be made from the 2019 Plan. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of March 1, 2023 concerning the ownership of our common stock by: 

each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock (currently our only class of voting securities); 

each of our directors; 

each of our executive officers; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act and includes all shares over which the beneficial owner exercises
voting or investment power. Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants and other rights to acquire common stock
that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 1,2023 are reflected in a separate column in the table below. These
shares are taken into account in the calculation of the total number of shares beneficially owned by a particular holder and the total
number of shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating percentage ownership of the particular holder. We have relied on information
supplied by our officers, directors and certain stockholders and on information contained in filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise
indicated, and subject to community property laws where applicable, we believe, based on information provided by these persons, that
the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially
owned by them. The percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 23,376,466 shares of our common stock and exchangeable shares outstanding
as of March 1, 2023. 

47 

Unless
otherwise stated, the business address of each of our directors and executive officers listed in the table is 2309 Bering Drive, San
Jose, California 95131. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial
 Ownership 

Name and Principal Position 
 Number of 
Shares Beneficially 
Owned (Excluding 
Outstanding Options) 
(1) 
 
 Number of 
Shares Issuable on 
Exercise of 
Outstanding 
Options or Convertible Securities 
(2) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Entities affiliated with Roadmap Capital General Partner Ltd. 
 8,562,520 
 (3 
 
 36.63 
 
 Armistice Capital, LLC 
 1,438,834 
 (4 
 
 6.16 

Directors and Officers: 

Ronald Glibbery 
 110,344 
 
 347,007 
 1.9 
 
 Daniel Lewis 
 61,677 
 
 80,000 

Robert Y. Newell 
 97,862 
 
 11,575 

Ian McWalter 
 39,880 
 
 6,575 

Andreas Melder 
 14,012 
 
 6,575 

James Sullivan 
 34,351 
 
 26,587 

Bradley Lynch 
 39,694 
 
 123,685 

Alexander Tomkins 
 28,093 
 
 137,328 

All current directors and executive officers as a group
 (8 persons) 
 425,913 
 
 739,332 
 4.8 

Represents holdings of less than one percent. 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes
shares subject to outstanding options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights to acquire common stock that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents
the number of shares subject to outstanding options, restricted stock units, convertible securities or other rights to acquire common
stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Based
on information reported by Roadmap Capital General Partner Ltd. Roadmap GP on Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on December
27, 2021, Roadmap GP reported that it has shared dispositive power with respect to 8,562,520 shares, and shared voting power with respect
to 8,562,520 shares. Roadmap GP is the general partner of Roadmap Innovation I, Roadmap Innovation II, Roadmap Peraso, Roadmap Peraso
(U.S. and Offshore), Roadmap Peraso II, Roadmap Peraso II (U.S. and Offshore), Roadmap Peraso III and Roadmap Peraso III (U.S. and Offshore)
(collectively, the Roadmap Funds ), which own these shares. Roadmap Capital Inc. is the sole shareholder of Roadmap GP.
Because of the relationship between Roadmap GP and each of the Roadmap Funds, Roadmap GP may be deemed to beneficially own securities
beneficially owned by each of the Roadmap Funds. Because of the relationship between Roadmap Capital and Roadmap GP, Roadmap Capital
may be deemed to beneficially own the securities beneficially owned by Roadmap GP. Roadmap GP listed its address as 130 Bloor Street
West, Suite 603, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1N5. 
 
 (4) 
 Based
on information reported by Armistice Capital, LLC on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding equity compensation plans approved by our security holders. As
of December 31, 2022, we had no awards outstanding under equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our security holders. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding Securities reflected in Column (a))(1) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,556,063 (2) 
 
 3.38 
 1,551,074 

(1) 
 Consists of shares of common stock available for future
 issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists
of 61,787 shares of common stock subject to outstanding equity awards under the 2010 Plan, 1,195,954 shares of common stock subject to
outstanding equity awards under the 2019 Plan and 1,298,322 of common stock subject to outstanding options assumed by us in connection
with the business combination with Peraso Technologies Inc. that was completed in December 2021. 

48 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

A
family member of one of our executive officers serves as a consultant to us. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid
approximately 162,000 and 208,000, respectively, to the consultant. Additionally, a family member of one of our executive officers
is an employee of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 101,000 to the employed family member,
which includes the aggregate grant date fair value, as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of an RSU awarded in April 2022. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid approximately 94,000 to the employed family member. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that each of the current directors, with the exception of Daniel Lewis and Ronald Glibbery, is independent, 
as defined by the listing rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, or Nasdaq, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Our board of directors
has standing Audit and Compensation Committees, each of which is comprised solely of independent directors in accordance with the Nasdaq
listing rules. No director qualifies as independent unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that he has no direct or indirect
relationship with us that would impair his independence. We independently review the relationship of the Company to any entity employing
a director or on whose board of directors he is serving currently. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Weinberg
 Co., P.A. Weinberg was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

The
following table shows the fees billed (in thousands of dollars) to us by Weinberg for the financial statement audits and other services
provided for fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees(1) 
 223 
 121 
 
 Audit-Related Fees(2) 
 13 
 13 
 
 Total(3) 
 236 
 134 

(1) 
 Audit fees consisted of fees for professional
 services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements and
 services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-related fees consisted of fees related to the
 issuance of SEC registration statements. 
 
 (3) 
 Weinberg
did not provide any non-audit or other services other than those reported under Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees. 

The
Audit Committee meets with our independent registered public accounting firm at least four times a year. At such times, the Audit Committee
reviews both audit and non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm, as well as the fees charged
for such services. The Audit Committee is responsible for pre-approving all auditing services and non-auditing services (other than non-audit
services falling within the de minimis exception set forth in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act and non-audit services
that independent auditors are prohibited from providing to us) in accordance with the following guidelines: (1) pre-approval policies
and procedures must be detailed as to the particular services provided; (2) the Audit Committee must be informed about each service;
and (3) the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members, who shall report to the full committee,
but shall not delegate its pre-approval authority to management. Among other things, the Audit Committee examines the effect that performance
of non-audit services may have upon the independence of the auditors. 

49 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits 

(a) (1)
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

Consolidated
Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, all of which are set forth on pages F-1
 through F-34 of this Report. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial
statement schedules are omitted because they are not required, not applicable or because the required information is shown in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

Required
exhibits are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Report. 

2.1(1) 
 
 Arrangement Agreement with Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 
 2.2(2) 
 
 First Amending Agreement dated October 21, 2021 
 
 3.1(3) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 
 3.1.1(4) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 
 3.1.2(5) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Peraso Inc.,
 filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 27, 2019 
 
 3.1.3(6) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Name Change) 
 
 3.1.4(7) 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Special Voting Preferred Stock 
 
 3.2(8) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 
 4.1(9) 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 4.2(10) 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 4.3(11) 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 4.5(12) 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 4.6+ 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 
 4.7.1(13) 
 
 Peraso Inc. 2010 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 4.7.2(14) 
 
 Amended and Restated Peraso Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 4.8.1(15) 
 
 Form of Agreement for Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Peraso Inc. Amended and Restated 2010
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 4.8.2(16) 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option Award and Agreement pursuant to the Peraso Inc. 2019 Stock
 Incentive Plan 
 
 4.9.1(17) 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Agreement under the Peraso Inc. Amended
 and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 4.9.2(18) 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Agreement under the Peraso Inc. 2019
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 4.10(19) 
 
 Amended Peraso Technologies Inc. 2009 Share Option Plan 
 
 4.11 (20) 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 4.12 (21) 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 10.1(22) 
 
 Employment offer letter agreement between the Company and James Sullivan dated December 21, 2007 
 
 10.2(23) 
 
 Change-in-control Agreement between the Company and James Sullivan dated January 18, 2008 
 
 10.3(24) 
 
 Form of Option Agreement for Stock Option Grant pursuant to 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.4(25) 
 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Agreement under the Peraso Inc. 2010 Amended
 and Restated Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.5(26) 
 
 Form of New Employee Inducement Grant Stock Option Agreement (revised February 2012) 
 
 10.6(27) 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement used from June 2012 to present 
 
 10.7(28) 
 
 Sublease Agreement with Cyren, Inc. dated October 3, 2017 
 
 10.8(29) 
 
 Executive Change-in-Control and Severance Policy 
 
 10.9(30) 
 
 Employment offer letter agreement between the Company and Daniel Lewis dated August 8, 2018 

50 

10.10(31) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.11(32) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.12(33) 
 
 Sublease Addendum #2 to the Lease between Cyren Ltd. and Peraso Inc., dated September 30, 2020, by and between Peraso Inc., and Cyren Ltd. 
 
 10.13(34) 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 10.14(35) 
 
 Intercompany Services Agreement 
 
 10.15(36) 
 
 Employment Agreement (Ronald Glibbery) 
 
 10.17 + 
 
 Employment offer letter agreement between the Company and Mark Lunsford dated October 7, 2023 
 
 10.18 + 
 
 Employment Agreement (Brad Lynch) 
 
 10.19 + 
 
 Employment Agreement (Alexander Tomkins) 
 
 10.20(37) 
 
 Amendment to offer of employment between the Company and Daniel Lewis dated April 15, 2022 
 
 10.21(38) 
 
 Amendment to offer of employment between the Company and James Sullivan dated April 15, 2022 
 
 10.22(39) 
 
 Amendment to employment agreement between Peraso Technologies Inc. and Brad Lynch dated April 15, 2022 
 
 10.23(40) 
 
 Technology License and Patent Assignment Agreement By and Between Intel Corporation and the Company dated August 5, 2022 
 
 10.24(41) 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.25(42) 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 21.1+ 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 + 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Weinberg Co., P.A. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 
 
 31.1+ 
 
 Rule 13a-14 certification 
 
 31.2 + 
 
 Rule 13a-14 certification 
 
 32 + 
 
 Section 1350 certification 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit to Form 8-K, filed by the Company on September 15, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed by the Company on October 22, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929) 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 12, 2010 (Commission File No. 000-32929) 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 14, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 27, 2019 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 23, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, originally filed August 4, 2000, declared effective June 27, 2001 (Commission File No. 333-43122). 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 3, 2018 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 27, 2019 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 filed by the Company on January 7, 2022 (Commission File No. 333-262062). 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed July 28, 2010 (Commission File No. 333-168358). 

51 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form S-8, filed on November 13, 2019 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2013 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form S-8, filed November 13, 2019 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Company on January 7, 2022 (Commission File No. 333-262062). 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 30, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 30, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 17, 2008 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (23) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 17, 2008 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (24) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Form S-8 filed by the Company on July 28, 2010 (Commission File No. 333-168358). 
 
 (25) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Form S-8 filed by the Company on June 5, 2009 (Commission File No. 333-159753). 
 
 (26) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 15, 2012 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (27) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 9, 2012 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (28) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 14, 2017 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (29) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to Schedule TO filed by the Company on July 26, 2016 (Commission File No. 005-78033). 
 
 (30) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form S-1/A filed by the Company on September 17, 2018 (Commission File No. 333-225193). 
 
 (31) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 3, 2018 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (32) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 17, 2020 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (33) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 18, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (34) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (35) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (36) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (37) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 15, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (38) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 15, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (39) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 15, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (40) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 14, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (41) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 30, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 
 
 (42) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 30, 2022 (Commission File No. 000-32929). 

+ 
 Filed herewith. 

Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Certain schedules, exhibits and similar attachments
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish copies of such omitted materials
 supplementally upon request by the SEC. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
on the 29th, day of March, 2023. 

PERASO INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald Glibbery 

Ronald Glibbery 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ronald Glibbery and James Sullivan
as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact
and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith,
as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in- fact
and agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ronald Glibbery 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Ronald Glibbery 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ James Sullivan 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 

James Sullivan 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Lewis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Daniel Lewis 

/s/ Ian McWalter 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Ian McWalter 

/s/ Andreas
 Melder 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Andreas Melder 

/s/ Robert Y.
 Newell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Robert Y. Newell 

53 

PERASO INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 - F-34 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Peraso Inc. 

San Jose, California 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Peraso Inc. (the Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss and utilized cash in operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to alleviate these conditions are also
described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Amortizable intangible assets impairment assessment 

As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company s amortizable definite-lived intangible assets consisting of acquired technology and customer
relationships had a carrying value of 6.3 million as of December 31, 2022. Management conducts an impairment assessment annually on December
31, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. An impairment exists when the carrying value of the long-lived group containing
acquired technology and customer relationships exceeds its fair value. The Company s evaluation of the recoverability of acquired
technology and customer relationships intangible assets first involves the comparison of undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
generated by the acquired technology and customer lists over the remaining useful life of the assets to their respective carrying amounts.
The Company s recoverability analysis requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted sales
growth rates and cash flows over the remaining useful life of the assets. Based on the results of the impairment assessment, management
determined that its amortizable definite-lived intangible assets were not impaired. 

We identified the evaluation of acquired technology
and customer relationships intangible assets for potential impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates
and assumptions management makes related to future cash flows expected to be generated over the intangible assets lives. Auditing
the impairment evaluation required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures
to evaluate the reasonableness of management s future cash flows over the remaining useful life of the long-lived asset group. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: (i) obtained an understanding of management s processes related to its impairment assessment
of intangibles, (ii) evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of undiscounted future cash flows by comparing management s
projections to the Company s historical results and evaluating the appropriateness of projected revenue growth, margin and cost
rates (iii) tested the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the projections, and (iv) evaluated whether the estimated
future cash flows over the remaining useful life were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 

As described in
Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on December 17, 2021 the Company completed a reverse acquisition of Peraso
Tech. The Company has accounted for the reverse acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)Topic 805, Business Combinations, with the Company as the accounting acquiree and
Peraso Tech as the accounting acquiror. The acquisition method of accounting requires the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
to be recorded at fair value as of the transaction date. The excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the estimated
fair values of the net assets acquired was determined to be 9.6 million and was recorded as goodwill. 

Management tests its goodwill for impairment on
December 31 or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value. If the
carrying amount of the Company, as a sole reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized
in an amount equal to that excess up to the amount of the recorded goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company experienced
a sustained decrease in its share price, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company s market capitalization was below the carrying
value of the Company s net assets. Pursuant to current accounting guidance, management concluded that this was an impairment triggering
event, and first evaluated its amortizable intangible assets, and then performed an impairment assessment of its goodwill. Based on the
results of the impairment assessment, management determined that its goodwill was impaired and recognized an impairment charge of 9.6
related to goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021. Following the impairment, the Company had no remaining goodwill as of December
31, 2022. 

We identified the evaluation of goodwill impairment
as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the reporting unit. This
required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing such assumptions. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: (i) obtained an understanding of management s process for determining the fair value of the
reporting unit, (ii) we evaluated the allocation of the Company s estimated fair value to its reporting units and the comparison
of the Company s estimated fair value to its market capitalization, and (iii) we recalculated the impairment recorded for goodwill
of 9.6 million based on the excess of the carrying values of goodwill over its estimated fair value as of December 31, 2022. 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2020. 

/s/ 

March 29, 2023 

F- 3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

PERASO INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except par value) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Tax credits and receivables 

Deferred cost of net revenue 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Long-term investments 
 -

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use lease assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term lease liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Series A, special voting preferred stock, par value; share authorized; and share issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 14,270 shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Exchangeable shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; shares and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PERASO INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenue 

Product 

Royalty and other 

Total net revenue 

Cost of net revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Gain on license and asset sale 

Impairment of goodwill 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Financing cost - warrant issuance 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 

Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale-securities 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share 

Basic and diluted

Shares used in computing net loss per share 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PERASO INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

In thousands 

Series A 

Accumulated 

Special
 Voting 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Exchangeable
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Exchangeable shares 

Issuance of common stock
 under stock plans, net of taxes paid related to net share settlements of restricted stock units 

Settlement of warrants to
 common stock 

Conversion of convertible
 debentures to common stock 

Effect of business combination 

Stock-based compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Exchange of exchangeable shares 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 under stock plans, net of taxes paid related to net share settlements of restricted stock units 

Sale of common stock and
 warrants 

Initial recognition of fair
 value of warrant liability 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale
 securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PERASO INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Financing costs - warrant issuances 

Impairment of goodwill 

Accrued interest on debt obligation 

Interest portion of financing lease repayment 

Amortization of debt discount 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Tax credits and receivables 

Accounts payable 

Right-of-use assets 

Lease liabilities - operating 

Deferred revenue and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

Cash acquired in business combination 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net 

Repayment of financing lease 

Repayment of loans 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net proceeds from loan facility 

Net proceeds from convertible debentures 

Taxes paid to net share settle equity awards 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure: 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Initial recognition of warrant liability 

Recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Fair value of new warrant liability issued recognized as debt discount 

Settlement of loan facility against tax receivables 

Effect of business combination 

Settlement of warrants to common stock 

Conversion of convertible debentures into common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PERASO INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Ontario Inc. (Callco) and Ontario Inc. (Canco), entered into an Arrangement
Agreement (the Arrangement Agreement) with Peraso Technologies Inc. (Peraso Tech), a corporation existing under the laws of the province
of Ontario, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Peraso Tech (the Peraso Shares), including those Peraso Shares
to be issued in connection with the conversion or exchange of secured convertible debentures and common share purchase warrants of Peraso
Tech, as applicable, by way of a statutory plan of arrangement (the Arrangement) under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). 
On December 17, 2021, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement, the Arrangement was
completed and , the Company changed its name to Peraso Inc. and began trading
on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq) under the symbol PRSO. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit
of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. These and prior year losses have resulted in significant negative cash flows
and have required the Company to raise substantial amounts of additional capital. To date, the Company has primarily financed its operations
through multiple offerings of common stock and issuance of convertible notes and loans to investors and affiliates. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

of the invoice value is provided for any problematic customer balances. Delinquent account balances
are written off after management has determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. The Company grants credit only to customers
deemed creditworthy in the judgment of management. The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was approximately and 
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 10 

during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded no inventory write-downs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

on qualified SRED expenditures. Unused SRED tax credits can be carried
back or forward for years. 

to . Depreciation is recorded in cost of sales and operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. Leasehold improvements and assets acquired through capital leases are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful life
or the lease term, and related amortization is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

to . Amortization of developed technology and other intangibles
directly related to the Company s products is included in cost of net revenue, while amortization of customer relationships and
other intangibles not associated with the Company s products is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 11 

Customer relationships 

Other 

Total 

Customer relationships 

Other 

Total 

. Amortization related to developed technology of approximately 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been included in cost of net revenue in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

. Amortization related to customer relationships
of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been included in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

from the acquisition date, the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding
offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related
expenses are recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred. 

million, and the
Company s goodwill balance was reduced to zero as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 13 

million of product shipments for which the revenue recognition criteria under ASC 606 had not been met. Accordingly, the Company
deferred the cost of net revenue associated with these shipments, and the amount deferred has been presented as deferred cost of net revenue
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 14 

of revenue that had been included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021. 

days of invoicing, and the Company has elected the practical expedient
to not value financing components that are less than one year. Shipping and handling costs are generally incurred by the customer, and,
therefore, are not recorded as revenue. 

as a reduction in the associated wage costs and rent subsidies of as a reduction of
operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

F- 15 

Escrow Shares - common stock 

Options to purchase common stock 

Unvested restricted common stock units 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

F- 16 

F- 17 

(the Exchange Ratio) newly issued shares of common stock of the Company or shares of Canco, which are exchangeable
for shares of the Company s common stock (Exchangeable Shares), at the election of each former Peraso Tech stockholder. In addition,
all of Peraso Tech s outstanding stock options and other securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, and any
other rights to acquire Peraso Shares were exchanged for securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, or other rights
to acquire the Company s common stock. Immediately following the completion of the Arrangement, the former security holders of Peraso
Tech owned approximately , on a fully-diluted basis, of the Company s common stock, and the former shareholders of Peraso Tech,
as a group, obtained control of the Company. While the Company was the legal acquirer of Peraso Tech, Peraso Tech was deemed to be the
acquirer for accounting purposes. 

Exchangeable Shares and shares of common stock were issued to the holders of Peraso Shares. Of such
shares, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company held in escrow an aggregate of Exchangeable Shares and shares
of common stock (collectively, the Escrow Shares). The Escrow Shares are escrowed pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement on a pro
rata basis from the aggregate consideration received by the holders of Peraso Shares, subject to the offset by the Company for any losses
in accordance with the Agreement. Such Escrow Shares shall be released, subject to any offset claim, upon the satisfaction of the earlier
of: (a) any date following the first anniversary of December 17, 2021 and prior to December 17, 2024 where the volume weighted average
price of the common stock for any trading days within a period of consecutive trading days is at least per share, subject
to adjustment for stock splits or other similar transactions; (b) the date of any sale of all or substantially all of the assets or shares
of the Company; or (c) the date of any bankruptcy, insolvency, restructuring, receivership, administration, wind-up, liquidation, dissolution,
or similar event involving the Company. All and any voting rights and other stockholder rights, other than with respect to dividends and
distributions, with respect to the Escrow Shares are suspended until the Escrow Shares are released from escrow. 

F- 18 

of the aggregate number of Exchangeable Shares issued remain outstanding; (b) there is a change in control of the Company (defined
generally as (i) any merger, amalgamation, arrangement, takeover bid or tender offer, material sale of shares or rights or interests that
results in the holders of outstanding voting securities of the Company directly or indirectly owning, or exercising control or direction
over, voting securities representing less than of the total voting power of all of the voting securities of the surviving entity;
or (ii) any sale or disposition of all or substantially of the Company s assets), and (c) upon the occurrence of certain other events.
The Exchangeable Share Purchase Price is payable only by the Company delivering or causing to be delivered to the relevant holder one
share of the Company s common stock for each Exchangeable Share purchased plus a cash amount equal to the amount of any accrued
and unpaid dividends on such Exchangeable Share. 

Company Share, plus an amount equal to the Dividend Amount. The Company and Callco each have an overriding right to
purchase from all holders all but not less than all of the Exchangeable Shares upon the occurrence of such events. 

F- 19 

Common stock issued to Peraso Tech stockholders 

Exchangeable Shares issued to Peraso Tech stockholders 

Escrow Shares - common stock 

Escrow Shares - Exchangeable Shares 

Total shares issued and outstanding 

F- 20 

Company common shares outstanding (ii) 

Fair value of the Company s common shares outstanding 

Fair value of the Company s warrants (iii) 

Fair value of the Company s warrants (iii) 

Percent related to precombination service 

Fair value of the Company s precombination service share based awards (iii) 

Consideration effectively transferred 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Intangibles 

Developed technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Liabilities: 

Current liabilities 

F- 21 

Net loss 

add back: acquisition costs 

Adjusted net loss 

F- 22 

Corporate notes and commercial paper 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability 

Corporate notes and commercial paper 

Short-term investments 

Short-term investments 

Long-term investments 

F- 23 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Prepaid expenses and other: 

Prepaid inventory and production costs 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid software 

Other 

Property and equipment, net: 

Machinery and equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

with corresponding accumulated
depreciation of approximately , or a remaining net book value of approximately . The Company recorded the remaining
book value of approximately as a loss during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Professional fees, legal and consulting 

Insurance 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued inventory 

Financing liability 

Warranty accrual 

Other 

(the Incentive), which will be payable to the Company as follows: one-half of the Incentive payable subsequent to the completion
of the improvements to the leased space and the second half-ratably on an annual basis commencing with the second year of the lease. 

F- 24 

million for the San Jose and Markham facility leases were measured at the present value of the future
minimum lease payments. The discount rate used to measure the lease assets and liabilities were . Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. 

. 

and lease liability of approximately . 

Finance lease 

Total right-of-use assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

million and
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition to the minimum lease payments, the
Company is responsible for property taxes, insurance and certain other operating costs related to the leased facilities and equipment. 

F- 25 

. The Company estimates its warranty costs based on historical warranty claim
experience and includes such costs in cost of net revenues. Warranty costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

years of age are eligible to participate in the Savings
Plan at the time of hire. Participants may contribute up to of their earnings to the Savings Plan. No matching contributions were
made by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 26 

Hong Kong 

Taiwan 

Rest of world 

Total net revenue 

mmWave ICs 

mmWave modules 

mmWave other products 

of total
net revenue were: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Customer E 

customers accounted
for of accounts receivable, and the Company had a provision for doubtful accounts of against of the customer s
receivables. customers accounted for of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 27 

Reserves, accruals and other 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred stock-based compensation 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets, net 

million increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 was
primarily the result of an increase to the net operating loss carryforwards for the current year. The valuation allowance increased by
 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

over a three-year period. In the event of an ownership change, utilization of the NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation
under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable
long-term tax-exempt rate. While a formal study has not been performed, the Company believes that Section 382 ownership changes occurred
as a result of financing transaction in 2018 and the Arrangement. The Company believes the Section 382 limitations will result in approximately
 of the federal and state NOLs expiring before they can be utilized, and approximately of the federal tax credit carryforwards
expiring before they can be utilized. 

million for federal income tax purposes and approximately 143.6 million for state income tax purposes. Only approximately million
of the federal NOLs and million of the state NOLs are expected to be available before expiration due to the Section 382 limitation.
These NOLs are available to reduce future taxable income and will expire at various times from 2025 through 2042, except federal NOLs
from 2018 to 2022 which have no expiration date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had federal research and development tax credit
carryforwards of approximately million that will expire at various times through 2042, and California research and development credits
of approximately million, which do not have an expiration date. 

F- 28 

to the actual income tax provision is as follows (in thousands): 

Research and development credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Goodwill impairment 

Valuation allowance changes affecting tax provision 

Other 

Income tax provision 

shares were initially reserved for
issuance. In November 2021, in connection with the approval of the Arrangement, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
increasing the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan by shares. 

of the voting power of all classes
of the Company s stock may not exceed . The exercise price of stock options granted under the 2019 Plan must be at least
equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. Generally, awards under the 2019 Plan will vest over a to four-year
period, and options will have a term of from the date of grant. In addition, the 2019 Plan provides for automatic acceleration
of vesting for options granted to non-employee directors upon a change of control of the Company. 

F- 29 

million and million related to the vesting of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December
31, 2022, the unamortized compensation cost was approximately million related to stock options and is expected to be recognized as
expense over a weighted average period of approximately . The Company reflected compensation costs of million and million
related to the vesting of restricted stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unamortized compensation
cost at December 31, 2022 was million related to restricted stock units and is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted
average period of approximately . 

of the voting power of all classes of the Company s
stock may not exceed five years. The exercise price of stock options granted under the 2019 Plan must be at least equal to the fair market
value of the shares on the date of grant. Generally, options granted under the 2019 Plan will vest over a three to four-year period and
have a term of 10 years from the date of grant. In addition, the 2019 Plan provides for automatic acceleration of vesting for options
granted to non-employee directors upon a change of control (as defined in the 2019 Plan) of the Company. 

Additional shares authorized under the Plans 

RSUs granted 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled and returned to the Plans 

Effect of business combination 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

RSUs granted 

RSUs cancelled and returned to the Plans 

Options cancelled 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

F- 30 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Granted 

Vested 

Effect of business combination 

Non-vested shares as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Non-vested shares as of December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock at a negotiated purchase price of per share. The Company also
offered and sold to the investor pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable
for one share of common stock. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant was , and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant
is per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded
warrants are exercised in full. Net proceeds to the Company, after offering costs, were million. 

shares of common stock (the Purchase Warrant). The Purchase Warrant will
be exercisable beginning six months and one day from the date of the SPA at an exercise price of per share and will expire on the
five-year anniversary of that date. 

F- 31 

or greater. The Company has
determined this provision introduces leverage to the holders of the Purchase Warrant that could result in a value that would be greater
than the settlement amount of a fixed-for-fixed option on the Company s own equity shares. Therefore, pursuant to ASC 815, the
Company has classified the Purchase Warrant as a liability in its consolidated balance sheet. The classification of the Purchase Warrant,
including whether the Purchase Warrant should be recorded as liability or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period
with changes in the fair value reported in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
The Purchase Warrant was initially recorded at a fair value at million at the grant date and is re-valued at each reporting date.
As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant liability was reduced to million. Upon the closing of the registered direct
offering, the fair value of the Purchase Warrant liability, up to the net amounts of the funds received of approximately , was
recorded as a financing cost, and the excess of was recorded as a financing cost in the statement of operations. As a result
of the change in fair value the Company recorded a gain for the year ended December 31, 2022 

years,
risk-free interest rate of , which was based on a comparable US Treasury 5-year bond, expected volatility of , and an expected
dividend of . 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase
an additional shares of its common stock. In accordance with the Arrangement Agreement, on December 16, 2021, the warrants to
purchase the shares of common stock were settled in exchange for a defined number of common shares. Upon settlement, the fair
value of the warrants was calculated using the intrinsic fair value of the common shares. The change in fair value of approximately 
million was recognized in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 32 

Common stock 

Common stock 

Common stock 

(CDN ), (CDN and (CDN respectively, totaling year to date gross proceeds
of (CDN net of financing fees of (CDN ). Each borrowing carried an interest rate of per month,
compounded monthly ). The SRED financing was sanctioned against the Company s SRED tax credit refund. 

(CDN ), were repaid through proceeds from the Company s tax credit refund of (CDN received
in August 2021, and the balance of (CDN was paid from the fourth draw. The remaining loan balance, including interest,
of (CDN was repaid on December 16, 2021. 

million
for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of i) approximately million of amortization of debt discount, ii) approximately 
million of interest expense on convertible debt, which was outstanding and retired in 2021, and iii) approximately million of interest
expense on the SRED financing. 

F- 33 

and , respectively, to the consultant. Additionally, a family member of one of the Company s executive officers
is an employee of the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid approximately to the employed family
member , which includes the aggregate grant date fair value, as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic
718, of an RSU awarded in April 2022. During the years December 31, 2021, the Company paid approximately to the employed
family member . 

at the closing of the transaction (the Closing) and (the Holdback)
upon the satisfaction by the Company, as mutually agreed upon by the parties in good faith, of certain release criteria set forth in the
Agreement relating to various due diligence activities of Intel regarding the Licensed Technology (the Release Criteria). 

million gain on this transaction, net of transaction costs, which
was recorded as a reduction of operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Any gain
related to the Holdback will be recorded when the Release Criteria have been satisfied. In January 2023, Intel paid the Holdback. 

F-34 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_perasoinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES

REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following description of the capital stock of Peraso Inc. Peraso, 
the Company, we, us and our summarizes certain provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Charter ), our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ),
and the Arrangement Agreement (as the term is defined below). The description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to our Charter, Bylaws and the Arrangement Agreement, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. 

GENERAL 

The authorized capital stock of the Company is 140,000,000 shares,
of which: 

120,000,000
 shares are designated common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock );
 and 

20,000 ,000
 shares are designated preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). 

COMMON STOCK 

Common Stock 

Each share of Common Stock entitles its holder to one vote on all matters
to be voted on by its stockholders. A majority of the votes cast is required for stockholders to elect directors and to take action on
all other matters, except as otherwise required by law. Subject to any preferences that may apply to any Preferred Stock that may at the
time be outstanding, holders of Common Stock will receive ratably any dividends the board of directors declares out of funds legally available
for that purpose. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably
in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the
satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 

PREFERRED STOCK 

Peraso s board of directors has the authority, without further
action by the stockholders, to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series. The board of directors may designate
the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Preferred Stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any
series. The issuance of Preferred Stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Common Stock, diluting the voting power
of the Common Stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the Common Stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. The ability
to issue Preferred Stock could delay or impede a change in control. 

Series A Special Voting Preferred Stock 

Series A Special Voting Preferred Stock and Exchangeable Shares 

We were formerly known as MoSys, Inc. MoSys ). On September
14, 2021, we and our subsidiaries, 2864552 Ontario Inc. and 2864555 Ontario Inc., entered into the Arrangement Agreement with Peraso Technologies
Inc. Peraso Tech ), a privately-held corporation existing under the laws of the province of Ontario, to acquire all of the
issued and outstanding common shares of Peraso Tech Peraso Shares ), including those Peraso Shares to be issued in connection
with the conversion or exchange of secured convertible debentures and common share purchase warrants of Peraso Tech, as applicable, by
way of a statutory plan of arrangement (the Arrangement ), under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). 

Pursuant to the completion of the Arrangement, each Peraso Share that
was issued and outstanding immediately prior to December 17, 2021 was converted into the right to receive newly issued shares of Common
Stock of the Company or shares of 2864555 Ontario Inc., which are exchangeable for shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Exchangeable
Shares at the election of each former Peraso Tech stockholder. 

In connection with the Arrangement Agreement, on December 15, 2021,
the Company filed the Certificate of Designation of Series A Special Voting Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate Series A Special Voting Preferred Stock (the Special Voting Share in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement in order to enable the holders of Exchangeable Shares to exercise their voting
rights. 

Each Exchangeable Share is exchangeable for one share of Common Stock
of the Company and while outstanding, the Special Voting Share enables holders of Exchangeable Shares to cast votes on matters for which
holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote, and by virtue of the share terms relating to the Exchangeable Shares, to receive dividends
that are economically equivalent to any dividends declared with respect to the shares of Common Stock. 

A more detailed description of the Exchangeable Shares and the preferences,
rights and limitations of the Special Voting Share is set forth in the Definitive Proxy Statement we filed with the SEC on October 18,
2021. The foregoing description of the Series A Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
December 20, 2021. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Some provisions of Delaware law, Peraso s Charter and its Bylaws
may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of it. 

Delaware Law 

Peraso is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which regulates, subject to some exceptions, acquisitions of publicly-held Delaware corporations. In general, Section 203 prohibits
Peraso from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
following the date the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless: 

the board of directors approved
 the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder prior to the date the person attained
 this status; 

upon consummation of the transaction
 that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, the person owned at least 85 percent of the voting stock outstanding
 at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and issued under employee
 stock plans under which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the
 plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the date
 the person became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved the busine ss combination
 and the stockholders other than the interested stockholder authorized the transaction at an annual or special meeting of stockholders
 by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 percent of the outstanding stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

2 

Section 203 defines a business combination to include: 

any merger or consolidation involving Peraso and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 percent or more of Peraso s assets; 

in general, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by Peraso of any of its stock to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving Peraso that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of its stock owned by the interested stockholders; and 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits provided by or through Peraso. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder 
as any person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination
of interested-stockholder status did own, 15 percent or more of a corporation s voting stock. 

Peraso Charter and Peraso Bylaws 

The Charter and Bylaws provide that: 

no action can be taken by stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws, and stockholders may not act by written consent; 

any provision may be adopted, amended or repealed by a vote of a majority of the members of the board of directors or by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock having voting rights, voting as a single class; 

special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors, the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or any individual holder of 25 percent of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Peraso; 

the board of directors is authorized to issue Preferred Stock without stockholder approval; 

stockholders must satisfy advance notice procedures to submit proposals or nominate directors for consideration at a stockholders meeting; 

stockholders may not cumulate votes in the election of directors; and 

Peraso will indemnify its officers and directors against losses that they may incur as a result of investigations and legal proceedings resulting from their services to Peraso, which may include services in connection with takeover defense measures. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for Peraso s Common Stock and
Exchangeable Shares is Equiniti Trust Company. 

Nasdaq Stock Market Listing 

Peraso s Common Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol PRSO. 

The Exchangeable Shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act pursuant to the approval of the terms and conditions of the issuance
and exchange of such securities by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List) by the final order issued and entered on November
26, 2021. 

3 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-17_perasoinc.htm
 EMPLOYMENT OFFER LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MARK LUNSFORD DATED OCTOBER 7, 2023

Exhibit 10.17 

Peraso Inc. 
 2309 Bering Drive 
 San Jose, CA 95131 

October 3, 2022 

Mark Lunsford 

Dear Mark: 

I am pleased
to offer you a position with Peraso Inc. (the Company as Chief Revenue Officer, an exempt position, reporting to me. This
offer letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of the Company s offer of employment. This is intended
to be a binding agreement, and if the terms contained in this Agreement are acceptable to you, please acknowledge your acceptance by signing
in the signature block, below. The Company s offer of employment is conditioned upon: (1) your presenting satisfactory evidence
of your authorization to work in the United States and your identity sufficient to allow the Company to complete the I-9 form required
by law within three business days of the commencement of your employment with the Company; (2) your consent to, and satisfactory completion
of, a reference and background check; (3) your execution of the Company s standard form of Employment, Confidential Information
and Invention Assignment Agreement; and (4)your completion of the Company s standard Director and Officers Questionnaire and the
Company s satisfactory review of your responses. 

Your primary
responsibilities will be those normally associated with the position of Chief Revenue Officer, as well as such other duties as your supervisor
may from time to time assign to you. While employed by the Company, you may not work as an employee or consultant of any other organization
or engage in any other activities which conflict or interfere with your obligations to the Company, without the express prior written
approval of the chief executive officer CEO of the Company. It is understood that you will not be employed by any other
person or organization when you commence employment with the Company. 

Your semi-monthly
compensation will be 11,458.34 dollars and annualized is equal to 275,000.00. You will also be eligible for a sales incentive compensation
plan (the Sales Plan), as mutually agreed upon by you and me. Your target annualized incentive compensation under the Sales Plan will
be up to 250,000 and will be based on your achievement of sales-related objectives. All compensation under the Sales Plan will be paid
according to the Company s sales incentive plan policies and guidelines. All compensation will be paid in accordance with the Company s
normal payroll procedures and will be subject to applicable withholding required by law or as authorized by you. 

You will also
receive a sign-on bonus of 30,000.00, which will be paid in your first payroll and will be subject to all applicable withholding required
by law or as authorized by you. Should you voluntarily terminate within 12 months of the commencement of your employment, you will be
required to repay the sign-on bonus in full within 30 days of such Termination Event. 

Upon approval
of the compensation committee of the board of directors, you will be granted an award of 115,000 restricted stock units RSUs ).
The terms of such award shall be in accordance or consistent with the terms of the Company s Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive
Plan. The RSUs will vest one third at the end of one-year of employment and the remaining one-fourth in semi-annual increments over 24
months from the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date. 

You will be eligible
to participate, subject to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the plan or program in question and the determination of any
committee administering such plan or program, in the Company s employee benefit plans and programs, including the Executive Change-In-Control
and Severance Policy, standard major medical, PTO , and the 401(k) plan. Please consult the terms of those plans, which govern
your eligibility and terms, and/or contact the Company s Human Resources Department. You will be reimbursed on a regular basis for
reasonable, necessary and properly documented business and travel expenses incurred for the purpose of conducting the Company s
business, in accordance with Company policy. 

You should be aware that
your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at
any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time,
with or without cause. 

MANDATORY
ARBITRATION AND WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL : You agree that any dispute arising out of or related to your employment, including
termination of your employment, with the Company shall be resolved only by an arbitrator through final and binding arbitration pursuant
to the then current Employment Arbitration Rules of the JAMS (Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services) (available at www.jamsadr.com)
 [or, at the Parties option, under the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment
Disputes (available at www.aadr.org)] , and not by way of court or jury trial. Attached for your reference is a copy of the current
JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules, which are also available on JAMS website. Please acknowledge your receipt here of the JAMS
Employment Arbitration Rules: _________ (please initial). 

You and the Company agree
that any dispute regarding any aspect of this Agreement, including the confidentiality provisions, shall be submitted exclusively to final
and binding arbitration before a mutually agreed upon arbitrator in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act FAA ), 9
U.S.C. 1, et seq . In the event that the FAA does not apply for any reason, then the arbitration will proceed pursuant
to the California Arbitration Act, California Code of Civil Procedure 1280, et seq . The arbitrator shall be empowered
to award any appropriate relief, including remedies at law, in equity or injunctive relief. The arbitrator may award any party any remedy
to which that party is entitled under applicable law, but such remedies shall be limited to those that would be available to a party in
a court of law for the claims presented to and decided by the arbitrator. The arbitrator will issue a decision or award in writing, stating
the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law. The location of the arbitration proceeding shall be in the general geographical
vicinity of the place where you last worked for the Company, unless each party to the arbitration agrees in writing otherwise. You and
the Company agree that this arbitration shall be the exclusive means of resolving any dispute under this Agreement and that no other action
will be brought by them in any court or other forum. If you and the Company cannot agree on an arbitrator, then an arbitrator will be
selected using the alternate striking method from a list of five (5) neutral arbitrators provided by the applicable JAMS Rule. Each Party
will pay the fees for their own counsel, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law. However,
in all cases where required by applicable law, the Company will pay the arbitrator s fees and the arbitration costs. If under applicable
law the Company is not required to pay the arbitrator s fees and the arbitration costs, then such fees and costs will be apportioned
equally between each set of adverse Parties. 

2 

Except as may be permitted
or required by law, neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without
the prior written consent of all parties. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enter a judgment upon the award
made pursuant to the arbitration. Claims may be brought before an administrative agency, but only to the extent applicable law permits
access to such an agency notwithstanding the existence of an agreement to arbitrate. However, there will be no right or authority for
any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action. 

To indicate your acceptance
of the Company s offer, please sign and date this letter in the space provided below and return it to the Human Resources Department.
This offer will expire on October 4, 2022. This Agreement, together with the Company s standard employment policies and procedures
in effect from time to time, constitutes the entire terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes all prior representations
or agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement is to be governed by California law, without regard to any conflicts of law. To
the extent that any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the foregoing agreements conflict with the Company s standard employment
policies and procedures in effect from time to time, the former shall govern. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by
a written agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and you. 

We believe that you can
make a great contribution to the Company, and we all look forward to working with you. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Ron Glibbery 

Ron Glibbery 

CEO 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO 

This 4 th day of October 2022. 

Start date: October 17, 2022 

/s/ Mark Lunsford 

Mark Lunsford 

3 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-18_perasoinc.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (BRAD LYNCH)

Exhibit 10.18 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

April 15, 2022 

 Bradley Lynch 

 Dear Brad: 

As you know, on December 17, 2021, Peraso Technologies
Inc. (the Company completed its business combination with Peraso Inc. (formerly known as MoSys, Inc., the Parent 
and together with the Company, Peraso ), by way of a statutory plan of arrangement (the Arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). This offer letter (this Agreement sets forth and confirms the amended
terms and conditions of your ongoing employment with the Company and service to the Parent immediately following the completion of the
Arrangement (the Effective Time ). Except as specifically amended in this Agreement, your employment agreement dated
August 1, 2009 (the Employment Agreement and its terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect. 

This Agreement is intended to be binding, and
if the terms contained herein are acceptable to you, please acknowledge your acceptance by signing in the signature block below. Upon
your acceptance, this Agreement will become retroactively effective as of the Effective Time. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Parent s Amended and Restated Executive Change-In-Control and Severance
Policy adopted as of April 15, 2022 (the Change-In-Control and Severance Policy ). 

Your employment with the Company as set forth
herein is conditioned upon: (1) your execution of the Company s standard form of Employment, Confidential Information and Invention
Assignment Agreement; and (2) ratification of this offer by the Compensation Committee of the Parent s board of directors (the Committee ). 

1. Position; Responsibilities . You will serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Parent COO located in the Company s Toronto office and will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Parent CEO ).
As COO, you will have the duties and responsibilities consistent with such position, including such duties and responsibilities as may
be assigned to you from time to time by Peraso. It is understood that you will not be employed by any other person or organization at
the time of commencement of your employment with the Company. 

2. Base Salary . Effective retroactively as of the Effective Time, your annual base salary will
be US 275,000, less applicable withholdings and deductions Base Salary ), payable in accordance with the Company s
normal payroll procedures. 

3. Bonus . You will be eligible to receive an annual target incentive bonus of up to 50 of
your Base Salary Target Bonus ), based upon the achievement of certain goals and performance criteria determined
by the CEO and the Committee. 

4. Equity Award . You will be eligible to receive equity awards pursuant to the Peraso Inc.
Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. The type and amount of an equity award will be (i) determined by the Committee and (ii)
commensurate with awards granted to other executives of Peraso. 

1 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

5. Severance . You will be eligible to receive the benefits that may be payable or offered pursuant
to the Change-In-Control and Severance Policy. In addition, if you experience a Constructive Termination not in Connection with a Change-in-Control,
you will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits from the Company: 

a. a single lump sum severance payment equal to one year of your then-current Base Salary, payable to you
within 60 days following the termination of your employment; 

b. continuation of the full premium amount to provide all benefits (as existed on the date notice of termination
is provided) in effect for you and your participating dependents, for a period of 12 months following the termination of your employment,
subject to earlier termination of reimbursement as of the effective date you receive coverage under a group health insurance plan of another
employer; 

c. payment of any Target Bonus earned but unpaid for the fiscal year preceding that in which, and the fiscal
year in which (pro-rated until the date of termination of your employment), your employment was terminated; and 

d. all of your then unvested outstanding equity awards of the Parent will, as of the date of termination
of your employment, immediately vest, become exercisable and remain exercisable and until the later of 24 months following the termination
of your employment and the expiration of the equity award s initial term. 

Notwithstanding Section 5.1 of the Change-In-Control
and Severance Policy, if you do not execute a release in exchange for your payments and benefits contemplated by this Section 5(a) through
5(d), then the Company shall only provide you with your minimum termination and severance payments and benefits you are entitled to
pursuant to the Employment Standards Act, 2000 (Ontario), as may be amended from time to time (the ESA ). Specifically,
should you not execute a release in favour of the Company and any of its related entities, upon termination of your employment, the Company
shall provide you with only your minimum entitlements pursuant to the ESA, which currently are: (A) the minimum notice or, at the Company s
option, pay in lieu of notice, required to be provided by the ESA; (B) statutory severance pay required to be provided by the ESA, if
applicable; (C) payment of accrued vacation pay calculated through the end of the ESA notice period; and (D) continuation of the Company s
benefit plan contributions as required to be made pursuant to the ESA in order to maintain your benefit participation at the time your
employment is terminated for the minimum period required by the ESA ((A) through (D) collectively referred to as the ESA Entitlements ).
Upon termination of your employment, you shall also be entitled to all accrued wages and vacation pay, if any, earned by you up to your
date of termination but not yet paid. 

You understand and agree that the provisions
of Section 5 of this Agreement are fair and reasonable, and that the payments, benefits and entitlements referred to in Section 5 hereof
are inclusive of any statutory payments and benefits, and are reasonable estimates of the damages which will be suffered by you in the
event of the termination of your employment with the Company including in the event of a Constructive Termination (in which case Section
5 shall apply). Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, you shall not be entitled to any further notice of termination, payment in
lieu of notice of termination, severance, bonus, damages, or any additional compensation whatsoever, whether at common law or otherwise
and by entering into this Agreement, you voluntarily waive such notice or payments in lieu. You further understand and agree that you
are not entitled to any compensation or damages for any bonus payments, other than as required pursuant to the ESA, whether pursuant to
common law or contract and you waive the right to receive damages or payment in lieu of any forfeited bonus payment. If the ESA Entitlements
provide for a greater payment or benefit than any payment or benefit due to you pursuant to Sections 5(a) through 5(d), then the applicable
ESA Entitlements shall apply and under no circumstances shall you receive less than your ESA Entitlements. 

2 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

6. Other Benefits . You will also be eligible to participate, subject to the generally applicable
terms and conditions of the plan or program in question and the determination of any committee administering such plan or program, in
the Company s health and welfare plans available for senior management. Please consult the terms of those plans, which govern your
eligibility and terms, and/or contact the Company s Human Resources Department. You will be reimbursed on a regular basis for reasonable,
necessary and properly documented business and travel expenses incurred for the purpose of conducting Peraso s business, in accordance
with Peraso s policy and procedures. 

You should be aware that, subject to Section 5
above, your employment with the Company is for no specified period and the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with
you at any time upon the provision of the termination entitlements contemplated by Section 5 herein. 

To confirm your acceptance of the Company s
amended offer of employment as set forth in this Agreement, please sign and date this Agreement in the space provided below and return
it to the Company s Human Resources Department within three business days of the date of this Agreement. This Agreement and the
Employment Agreement, together with the Company s standard employment policies and procedures in effect from time to time, constitute
the entire terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes all prior representations or agreements, whether written or oral.
This Agreement is to be governed by the laws of Ontario. To the extent that any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the foregoing
agreements conflict with the Company s standard employment policies and procedures in effect from time to time, the former shall
govern. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by the Company and you. 

If you have any questions, please feel free to
call me. We look forward to your favorable reply and to a continued productive working relationship. 

Sincerely, 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 

/s/ Ronald Glibbery 

Name: 
 Ronald Glibbery 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO 

this 15 day of April, 2022. 

/s/ Bradley Lynch 

Bradley Lynch 

3 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-19_perasoinc.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (ALEXANDER TOMKINS)

Exhibit 10.19 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

April 15, 2022 

Alexander Tomkins 

Dear Alex: 

As you know, on December 17, 2021, Peraso Technologies
Inc. (the Company completed its business combination with Peraso Inc. (formerly known as MoSys, Inc., the Parent 
and together with the Company, Peraso ), by way of a statutory plan of arrangement (the Arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). This offer letter (this Agreement sets forth and confirms the amended
terms and conditions of your ongoing employment with the Company and service to the Parent immediately following the completion of the
Arrangement (the Effective Time ). Except as specifically amended in this Agreement, your employment agreement dated
May 18, 2011 (the Employment Agreement and its terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect. 

This Agreement is intended to be binding, and
if the terms contained herein are acceptable to you, please acknowledge your acceptance by signing in the signature block below. Upon
your acceptance, this Agreement will become retroactively effective as of the Effective Time. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Parent s Amended and Restated Executive Change-In-Control and Severance
Policy adopted as of April 15, 2022 (the Change-In-Control and Severance Policy ). 

Your employment with the Company as set forth
herein is conditioned upon: (1) your execution of the Company s standard form of Employment, Confidential Information and Invention
Assignment Agreement; and (2) ratification of this offer by the Compensation Committee of the Parent s board of directors (the Committee ). 

1. Position; Responsibilities . You will serve as Chief Technology Officer of the Parent CTO ),
located in the Company s Toronto office, and will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Parent CEO ).
As CTO, you will have the duties and responsibilities consistent with such position, including such duties and responsibilities as may
be assigned to you from time to time by Parent. It is understood that you will not be employed by any other person or organization at
the time of commencement of your employment with the Company. 

2. Base Salary . Effective retroactively as of the Effective Time, your annual base salary will
be US 250,000, less applicable withholdings and deductions Base Salary ), payable in accordance with the Company s
normal payroll procedures. 

3. Bonus . You will be eligible to receive an annual target incentive bonus of up to 50 of
your Base Salary Target Bonus ), based upon the achievement of certain goals and performance criteria determined
by the CEO and the Committee. 

4. Equity Award . You will be eligible to receive equity awards pursuant to the Peraso Inc.
Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. The type and amount of an equity award will be (i) determined by the Committee and (ii)
commensurate with awards granted to other executives of Peraso. 

1 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

5. Severance . You will be eligible to receive the benefits that may be payable or offered pursuant
to the Change-In-Control and Severance Policy. In addition, if you experience a Constructive Termination not in Connection with a Change-in-Control,
you will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits from the Company: 

a. a single lump sum severance payment equal to one year of your then-current Base Salary, payable to you
within 60 days following the termination of your employment; 

b. continuation of the full premium amount to provide all benefits (as existed on the date notice of termination
is provided) in effect for you and your participating dependents, for a period of 12 months following the termination of your employment,
subject to earlier termination of reimbursement as of the effective date you receive coverage under a group health insurance plan of another
employer; 

c. payment of any Target Bonus earned but unpaid for the fiscal year preceding that in which, and the fiscal
year in which (pro-rated until the date of termination of your employment), your employment was terminated; and 

d. all of your then unvested outstanding equity awards of the Parent will, as of the date of termination
of your employment, immediately vest, become exercisable and remain exercisable and until the later of 24 months following the termination
of your employment and the expiration of the equity award s initial term. 

Notwithstanding Section 5.1 of the Change-In-Control
and Severance Policy, if you do not execute a release in exchange for your payments and benefits contemplated by this Section 5(a) through
5(d), then the Company shall only provide you with your minimum termination and severance payments and benefits you are entitled to
pursuant to the Employment Standards Act, 2000 (Ontario), as may be amended from time to time (the ESA ). Specifically,
should you not execute a release in favour of the Company and any of its related entities, upon termination of your employment, the Company
shall provide you with only your minimum entitlements pursuant to the ESA, which currently are: (A) the minimum notice or, at the Company s
option, pay in lieu of notice, required to be provided by the ESA; (B) statutory severance pay required to be provided by the ESA, if
applicable; (C) payment of accrued vacation pay calculated through the end of the ESA notice period; and (D) continuation of the Company s
benefit plan contributions as required to be made pursuant to the ESA in order to maintain your benefit participation at the time your
employment is terminated for the minimum period required by the ESA ((A) through (D) collectively referred to as the ESA Entitlements ).
Upon termination of your employment, you shall also be entitled to all accrued wages and vacation pay, if any, earned by you up to your
date of termination but not yet paid. 

You understand and agree that the provisions
of Section 5 of this Agreement are fair and reasonable, and that the payments, benefits and entitlements referred to in Section 5 hereof
are inclusive of any statutory payments and benefits, and are reasonable estimates of the damages which will be suffered by you in the
event of the termination of your employment with the Company including in the event of a Constructive Termination (in which case Section
5 shall apply). Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, you shall not be entitled to any further notice of termination, payment in
lieu of notice of termination, severance, bonus, damages, or any additional compensation whatsoever, whether at common law or otherwise
and by entering into this Agreement, you voluntarily waive such notice or payments in lieu. You further understand and agree that you
are not entitled to any compensation or damages for any bonus payments, other than as required pursuant to the ESA, whether pursuant to
common law or contract and you waive the right to receive damages or payment in lieu of any forfeited bonus payment. If the ESA Entitlements
provide for a greater payment or benefit than any payment or benefit due to you pursuant to Sections 5(a) through 5(d), then the applicable
ESA Entitlements shall apply and under no circumstances shall you receive less than your ESA Entitlements. 

6. Other Benefits . You will also be eligible to participate, subject to the generally applicable
terms and conditions of the plan or program in question and the determination of any committee administering such plan or program, in
the Company s health and welfare plans available for senior management. Please consult the terms of those plans, which govern your
eligibility and terms, and/or contact the Company s Human Resources Department. You will be reimbursed on a regular basis for reasonable,
necessary and properly documented business and travel expenses incurred for the purpose of conducting Peraso s business, in accordance
with Peraso s policy and procedures. 

2 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 144 Front St W Ste 685 
 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2L7 

You should be aware that, subject to Section 5
above, your employment with the Company is for no specified period and the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with
you at any time upon the provision of the termination entitlements contemplated by Section 5 herein. 

To confirm your acceptance of the Company s
amended offer of employment as set forth in this Agreement, please sign and date this Agreement in the space provided below and return
it to the Company s Human Resources Department within three business days of the date of this Agreement. This Agreement and the
Employment Agreement, together with the Company s standard employment policies and procedures in effect from time to time, constitute
the entire terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes all prior representations or agreements, whether written or oral.
This Agreement is to be governed by the laws of Ontario. To the extent that any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the foregoing
agreements conflict with the Company s standard employment policies and procedures in effect from time to time, the former shall
govern. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by the Company and you. 

If you have any questions, please feel free to
call me. We look forward to your favorable reply and to a continued productive working relationship. 

Sincerely, 

Peraso Technologies Inc. 

/s/ Ronald Glibbery 

Name: 
 Ronald Glibbery 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO 

this 19 day of April, 2022. 

/s/ Alexander Tomkins 

Alexander Tomkins 

3 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex21-1_perasoinc.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

NAME 
 
 JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION 
 
 2864552 Ontario Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 2864555 Ontario Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Peraso Technologies Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 MoSys International, Inc. 
 
 California, USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex23-1_perasoinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM-WEINBERG & CO., P.A

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-168358, 333-172828, 333-180119, 333-187187, 333-194563, 333-197989,
333-202735, 333-206209, 333-211273, 333-222739, 333-229728, 333-234675 and 333-262062), Form S-3 (No. 333-250936 and 333-262061), and
Form S-1 (Nos. 333-222417, 333-225193 and 333-268814) of Peraso Inc. of our report dated March 29, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial
statements, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Weinberg Company 

Los Angeles, California 

 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-1_perasoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Ronald Glibbery, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Peraso Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Ronald Glibbery 

Ronald Glibbery 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-2_perasoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, James W. Sullivan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Peraso Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ James W. Sullivan 

James W. Sullivan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 f10k2022ex32_perasoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO FURNISHED PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Peraso Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), each of Ronald Glibbery, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and James W. Sullivan,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of his knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Ronald Glibbery 

Ronald Glibbery 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ James W. Sullivan 

James W. Sullivan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

March 29,
 2023 

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
otherwise required, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 prso-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 prso-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 prso-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 prso-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 prso-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

