<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1851182_0001410578-23-000221.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5268846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>499198</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>898142</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1644642</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>921001</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1205938</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000221.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308181112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000221
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Future Health ESG Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001851182
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862305680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40788
		FILM NUMBER:		23717511

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 THE GREEN
		STREET 2:		SUITE # 12081
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-388-8734

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 THE GREEN
		STREET 2:		SUITE # 12081
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000221.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 fhltu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code : Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC The Stock Market, LLC The Stock Market, LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant : (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer Small reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accou nting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, held by non- affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was (based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on that date. As of February 28, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: See Item 15. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I 1 Item 1. Business. 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 48 Item 2. Properties. 48 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 48 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 48 PART II 49 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 49 Item 6. [Reserved]. 50 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 50 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 54 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 54 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 54 Item 9B. Other Information. 55 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 55 PART III 55 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 55 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 64 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 65 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 66 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 68 PART IV 69 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 69 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company, may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainties in the market conditions; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 

Table of Contents 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I References in this annual report to we, us, Future Health, company or our company are to Future Health ESG Corp., a Delaware corporation. References to management or our management team are to our officers and directors. Item 1. Business. Introduction We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and assets consisting almost entirely of cash and marketable securities held in a trust account. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or geographical location, we intend to capitalize on our management team s background and experience to identify promising opportunities that are at the forefront of smart health technology and are enabling innovative solutions that support the transformation to value-based, precision healthcare. Specifically, we are pursuing scale-up stage operating companies that leverage modern data science to make healthcare more effective, personalized, and cost efficient. Our board of directors and management intend to consider target businesses that align with our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) criteria, making a positive impact on society, operating ethically and transparently, and creating premium economic returns through smart health technologies. We believe that ESG principles are central factors in measuring the sustainability and societal impact of an investment in a company or business and that these criteria help to better determine the future financial performance of companies. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. Our executive offices are located at 8 The Green, Suite #12081, Dover, DE 19901 and our telephone number is 833-338-8734. Our corporate website address is www.fhesg.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company History Future Health was incorporated in Delaware on February 25, 2021. We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the business combination ). In March 2021 and July 2021, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares of our common stock (the founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 33,333, or approximately 0.006 per share, to our initial stockholders. In connection with our initial public offering IPO that closed effective September 14, 2021, our initial stockholders forfeited 750,000 shares because the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised. In connection with their purchase of units in the IPO, anchor investors purchased 1,229,799 founder shares from the initial stockholders at a price of approximately 0.0058 per share. The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on September 9, 2021. On September 14, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 units (the units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the units sold, the public shares at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 7,375,000 warrants (the private warrants at a price of 1.00 per private warrant in a private placement to the Company s founding stockholders (the initial stockholders and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the underwriter of the IPO, generating gross proceeds of 7,375,000. Following the closing of the IPO on September 14, 2021, an amount of 201,000,000 10.05 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO and the sale of the private warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account located in the United States, and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment 

Table of Contents 
 company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the trust account. Transaction costs amounted to 21,881,745, including 9,000,000 in deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable, 4,019,555 in upfront underwriting fees, 8,163,891 in offering costs allocated to the fair value of the common shares offered to anchor investors by certain related parties, and 698,299 in other offering costs related to the IPO. Our activities since September 9, 2021, have consisted of the search and evaluation of potential targets in contemplation of a business combination. All activity for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through September 9, 2021 related to the Company s formation and the IPO. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a business combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into a business combination agreement with Excelera DCE, Inc., which was subsequently terminated on October 31, 2022. On December 9, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from December 14, 2022 to December 31, 2023. In connection with the extension, stockholders holding 18,408,463 shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account ). As a result, approximately 187 million (approximately 10.14 per public share) were removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had 6,591,537 shares outstanding. Acquisition Strategy While we have not yet selected a target business with which to consummate our initial business combination, we believe based on our management s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous potential candidates. We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our initial stockholders, officers and directors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their access to our initial stockholders and their affiliates contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our reports and other filings with the SEC and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Investment Criteria Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may however, decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria. We have identified the following criteria that we believe are important in evaluating candidates for our initial business combination: Operating Stability with Significant Growth Potential . We are generally seeking to acquire a business that has demonstrated operational stability with consistent historical growth in their financial results, and which is expected to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. Leadership Position in its Industry . We are generally seeking to identify a business that has a leadership position in its industry and/ or a defensible niche with a target market as a result of differentiated technology or other competitive advantages. Unrealized Potential for Shareholder Value Creation . We are seeking target businesses that are both initially attractive investment candidates and that possess the potential for ongoing shareholder value creation in the long term. Examples 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 of post-acquisition value creating activities include operational improvements in sales and marketing, increasing operating efficiency and reducing costs. Other examples include value creation opportunities through add on acquisitions or divestitures, or by lowering the cost of capital by opening up new sources of debt or equity financing. 
 Potential to Grow Via Acquisition Opportunities . We are generally seeking to acquire a business that has the potential to grow through additional acquisitions. Innovating within an existing market . We are seeking a company that offers innovative products or business models within an existing market, sparing the risk and burden of developing a new and yet to be proven marketplace. Enterprise Value . We are focusing on companies with valuations between 500,000,000 and 1,500,000,000, as we believe there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this range that can benefit from new capital to scale operations Committed and Capable Management Team . We are generally seeking to acquire a business with a professional management team whose interests are aligned with those of our investors. Where necessary, we may also look to complement and enhance the capabilities of the target business s management team by recruiting additional talent through our network of contacts. Benefit from Being a Publicly Traded Company . We are primarily seeking a target that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and will be able to effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 
 Consideration of ESG Factors . Our board of directors and management intend to prioritize ESG factors in connection with their analysis of target businesses. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team directly or indirectly own our securities and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. For more information, see the section entitled Management Conflicts of Interest. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Initial Business Combination Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer target businesses an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. Effecting our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we complete our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants which was consummated concurrently with the closing of the IPO, and our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other businesses or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds in connection with the completion of our initial business combination through a private offering of equity securities or debt securities or loans, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offerings or loans rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or we decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination Our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the post-business combination company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) shares of common stock that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of shares of common stock to be issued, or if the number of shares of common stock into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1 of the number of shares of common stock or 1 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5 of the number of shares of common stock or 5 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security holders; or the issuance or potential issuance will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and other reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 
 Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities In the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. Any such privately negotiated purchases may be effected at purchase prices that are not higher than the per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such purchases or other transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such purchases or other transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (2) clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If such arrangements or agreements are entered into, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the special meeting of stockholders to disclose any arrangements entered into or significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons. Any such report will include (i) the amount of shares purchased and the purchase price; (ii) the purpose of such purchases; (iii) the impact of such purchases on the likelihood that the business combination will be approved; (iv) the identities or characteristics of security holders who sold shares if not purchased in the open market or the nature of the sellers; and (v) the number of shares for which we have received redemption requests. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of public shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our initial stockholders, officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be restricted unless such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of common stock if such purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination, we will be required to purchase any public shares properly delivered for 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 redemption and not withdrawn. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a separate agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of conducting redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either: (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (2) by means of a tender offer. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20.0 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our officers and directors will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek stockholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our initial stockholders or their affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the public shares, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder would then have an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. In contrast, our requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business days prior to the scheduled date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination until December 31, 2023 or during any or during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond December 31, 2023 as a result of a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (an Extension Period ). 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only until December 31, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. However, if our initial stockholders or any of our officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates then hold any public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time frame to complete our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this annual report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside the trust account from the IPO, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the funds held outside of the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be 10.05. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.05. Please see Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors described above. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.05 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that its only assets are stock of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.05 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below: (1) 10.05 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.05 per public share. Please see Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors described above. We will seek to reduce the possibility that Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Since the IPO, we have had access to the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we have not completed our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of our acquisition period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) 10.05 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.05 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Please see Risk Factors If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination and then, only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder has properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this annual report; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this annual report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or any Extension Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Holders of warrants will not have any rights of proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this annual report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, in connection with which, stockholders may seek to redeem their shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable); or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; if we have not completed our initial business combination before December 31, 2023 or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; and 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any initial business combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least 50 of our outstanding common stock. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Competition We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the funds held in the trust account, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Our initial stockholders or any of their affiliates may make additional investments in us, although our they have no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. Employees We currently have two officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We registered our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 We evaluated our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and determined that we are not deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and continue to qualify as an emerging growth company. Therefore, we are not required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this annual report before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Business Operations, Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had 837,692 in cash held out of the trust and working capital deficit of 388,107. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,446,482 in cash held out of the trust and working capital of 1,430,848. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our finance and acquisition plans. Additionally, if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023, the Company will cease operations and liquidate. Management s plans to address these 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 risks are discussed under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. While Management expects to complete a Business Combination prior to December 31, 2023, this date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see Proposed Business Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a group, these affiliates currently own approximately 57 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.05 per share, or less than 10.05 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors herein. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of our proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or other duty to do so. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling public stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may not be higher than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our initial stockholders, directors, officers or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, such persons have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. Please see Proposed Business Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities for a description of how such persons will determine from which stockholders to enter into transactions with. The purpose of any such transaction could be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If such arrangements or agreements are entered into, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the special meeting of stockholders to disclose any arrangements entered into or significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons. Any such report will include (i) the amount of shares purchased and the purchase price; (ii) the purpose of such purchases; (iii) the impact of such purchases on the likelihood that the business combination will be approved; (iv) the identities or characteristics of security holders who sold shares if not purchased in the open market or the nature of the sellers; and (v) the number of shares for which we have received redemption requests. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer or proxy materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. Please see Proposed Business Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this annual report or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by December 31, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the required time period for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the end of such period before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If the funds not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until December 31, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until December 31, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a prospective target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors herein. If the funds held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our initial stockholders or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 837,692 and 1,446,482, respectively, in cash held outside of the trust account. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our initial stockholders, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our initial stockholders, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation or other duty to loan funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. Under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC and to have declared effective a post-effective amendment to this registration statement, or a new registration statement, covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If, at any time beginning on the 61st business day after the closing of our initial business combination, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants are not covered by an effective registration statement, the holders of the public warrants will be entitled to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. However, no public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration is available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants. In such an instance, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem warrants even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. At or after the time of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, the anchor investors and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares. In addition, (1) our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and (2) holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of the common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of shares for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the securities described above are registered for resale. Because we are neither limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. Although we expect to focus our search for a target business that are focused on the environmental and sustainable industries with promising opportunities that are at the forefront of smart health technology we will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if such business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Many participants in the industries in which we intend to focus our search for target businesses are early stage companies. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another entity that commonly renders opinions regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors herein. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an acquisition in a timely manner or at all. Since our founders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our founders hold an aggregate of 3,770,201 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our founders purchased an aggregate of 6,375,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 6,375,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of 33,333 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.006 per founder share. As a result of this low initial price, our initial stockholders, including our management team, stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. As a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our initial stockholders, including our management team, could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. For example, if following our initial business combination our common stock were to trade at a price of 9.00 per share and our warrants were to trade at a price of 1.50 per warrant, purchasers of units purchased in the IPO will be holding securities with a market value of 9.75 per unit, resulting in a loss of 0.25 per unit or an aggregate loss of 5,000,000. To the extent an investor purchases shares at a price per share above 10.00 and following our initial business combination the market value of a share is less than 10.00, the investor will experience a loss greater than 0.25 per share. However, our initial stockholders and anchor investors would have substantial appreciation in the value of their securities of approximately 8.994 per share and 0.50 per private placement warrant, or an aggregate of approximately 37.1 million. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. Since our anchor investors acquired founder shares from certain of our initial stockholders in connection with the IPO, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. In connection with their purchase of units in the IPO, the anchor investors purchased 1,229,799 founder shares from certain of the initial stockholders at a price of approximately 0.0058 per share. The anchor investors will share in any appreciation in the value of the founder shares above that nominal amount, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. Assuming each warrant included in the units the anchor investors purchased has no value and without taking into account any liquidity discount on the founder shares, the anchor investors paid an effective price of 9.41 per share of common stock acquired (assuming the entire purchase price of the units is allocated to the common stock included therein) in the IPO, as compared to the 10.00 per share to be paid by the other public stockholders in the IPO. As a result, the anchor investors may have an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination, and, if a business combination is approved, they may make a substantial profit on such interest, even if the market price of our public securities declines in value below the price to the public in the IPO and the business combination is not profitable for other public stockholders. In addition, as discussed above, if the anchor investors retain a substantial portion of their interests in our public shares and if the anchor investors vote those public shares in favor of a business combination, we will receive sufficient votes to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other public stockholder votes their shares. You should consider the anchor investors financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to invest in our securities and/or redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we currently have no commitments to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt f, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may materially negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or acquire shares will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments, including our warrant agreements, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. To the extent any such amendment would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through the IPO, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the funds held in the trust account and outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If such funds prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available funds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. None of our initial stockholders or its affiliates are obligated to provide, or seek, any such financing or, except as expressly set forth herein, to provide any other services to us. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the approval by our board of Directors of such an issuance shall not be deemed to constitute a violation of our directors fiduciary duties. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; longer payment cycles; changes in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic; tax consequences; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; deterioration of political relations with the United States; obligatory military service by personnel; and government appropriation of assets. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the post-business combination company, and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Risks Relating to Our Management Past performance by members of our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, members of our management team and their respective affiliates, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions, of members of our management team and their respective affiliates, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or their affiliates performance, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other responsibilities. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Please see Management Directors and Executive Officers for a discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, we do not currently expect that any of them will do so. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may cause our key personnel to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. However, we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination, as we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are now, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our initial stockholders and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work at other businesses. As described in Management Conflicts of Interest, our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Additionally, our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to our company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Please see Management Directors and Executive Officers, Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions for a discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with one or more of our initial stockholders, directors or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our initial stockholders, officers and directors, and their affiliates with other businesses, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with or competitive with our initial stockholders, officers and directors, and their respective affiliates. Our directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an affiliated joint acquisition opportunity with an initial stockholder or one of their affiliates or with other entities to which an officer or director has a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation or duty. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a future issuance of securities to any such parties, which may give rise to certain conflicts of interest. Our officers, directors and initial stockholders are from time to time involved in other business ventures unrelated to our business but which may generate business or legal disputes with investors and others unrelated to our company, and these disputes may distract our management from operating our company and/or result in adverse publicity that could be harmful. Our officers, directors and initial stockholders are involved in a number of other businesses that are unrelated to our company. The operation of these other businesses from time to time may generate business or legal disputes involving investors or other parties. These disputes could involve allegations of mismanagement or fraud that could become public and result in adverse publicity for the parties involved. Any such disputes also could distract the members of our management team involved in the dispute from time that might otherwise be spent in the operation of our company. Any adverse publicity generated as a result of such a dispute, although unrelated to our business, could nevertheless be detrimental to our management team s reputation and negatively affect our ability to 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 identify and complete an initial business combination. This could, in turn, have a material and adverse effect on the price of our securities. Risks Relating to Our Securities Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders deficit (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round-lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders deficit would generally be required to be at least 5,000,000. We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we have and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the funds in the trust account, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Our initial stockholders or any of their affiliates may make additional investments in us, although our initial stockholders and their affiliates have no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share and other risk factors herein. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.05 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.05 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.05 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that its only assets are stock of our company. We have not asked Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. We therefore believe it is unlikely that Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC will be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.05 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. Except as set forth above, none of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of: (1) 10.05 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.05 per share. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.05 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.05 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our public stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 15 th month from the closing of the IPO (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we do not intend to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided by such a meeting. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our public warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under such warrant agreement as the parties to such warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of the public warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment whether or not such amendment is effected with respect to the private placement warrants. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the public warrants, convert the public warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant. Our public warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our public warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our public warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to such warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. We will waive any objection that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the public warrant agreement are not binding on the holders of public warrants and will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our public warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our public warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the public warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our public warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a public warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our public warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants are redeemable by us. Our public warrants, founder shares and private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We have outstanding warrants to purchase 10,000,000 shares of our common stock, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the units sold in the IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 7,375,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our initial stockholders and anchor investors currently hold 5,000,000 founder shares. In addition, if our initial stockholders, affiliates of our initial stockholders or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate our initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our public warrants, founder shares and private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Further, unlike the warrants offered by many other blank check companies, whose warrants become exercisable on the later of (i) 30 days following their initial business combination and (ii) twelve months after the date their initial public offering, our warrants become exercisable 30 days after an initial business combination, even if that date is less than twelve months after our initial public offering. The possibility that our warrants may become exercisable more quickly than the warrants of other blank check companies may make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business relative to other blank check companies and may 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 cause our warrants to have a greater or more immediate adverse effect on the market price for our securities or our ability to obtain future financing. In addition, as our warrants may become exercisable sooner, you may experience dilution to your holdings sooner. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if, in connection with an initial business combination, (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. General Risks If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities; 
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination by December 31, 2023, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. Certain proposed rules issued by the SEC on March 30, 2022 would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the these rule proposals, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in a revised form, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. Notwithstanding whether or not these proposed rules are adopted by the SEC, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a SPAC, we were formed for the sole purpose of completing an initial business combination by December 31, 2023. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of our IPO, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we will liquidate the securities held in the trust account prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or September 9, 2023, and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. Further, if we do not invest the proceeds held in the trust account as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, and the loss you may suffer as a result of being deemed subject to the Investment Company Act may be greater than if we liquidated the securities held in the trust account and instead held such funds in cash. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulations under the Investment Company Act. However, if we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete the Business Combination. In such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete the Business Combination and liquidate the trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period and are required to liquidate the trust account, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.05 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are required to liquidate, you may lose all or part of your investment in the Company and our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire and become worthless. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 In order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or September 9, 2023, instruct the trustee to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or our liquidation. Any decision to hold all funds in the trust account in cash would likely reduce the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. While the funds in our trust account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or September 9, 2023, instruct the trustee to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or our liquidation in order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Any decision to hold all funds in the trust account in cash, combined with any permitted withdrawals of interest held in the trust account to pay our taxes, would likely reduce the effective yield on the amounts in the trust account and the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our initial business combination. CFIUS has authority to review direct or indirect investments whereby a foreign person acquires control over or, for more sensitive businesses involving critical technology, critical infrastructure, and sensitive personal data, certain types of non-controlling rights in U.S. businesses. Some transactions within the jurisdiction of CFIUS trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing requirement. Otherwise, notifying CFIUS of a transaction within its jurisdiction is voluntary. CFIUS can reach out to parties to transactions within its jurisdiction that did not notify CFIUS and request that the parties submit a CFIUS notice and can self-initiate national security reviews. If CFIUS identifies national security concerns in connection with its review of an investment, CFIUS has the power to impose measures to mitigate such concerns and, in extreme cases, require the foreign person to divest of the investment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, whether the investor/acquiror of the U.S. business is a foreign person or foreign entity, the nature and structure of the transaction, the level of beneficial ownership interest being acquired, and the nature of any information or governance rights acquired by the foreign investor. None of the directors or officers of the Company is a non-U.S. person. The Sponsor of the Company is not, and is not controlled by, a non-U.S. person. It has no members who are non-U.S. persons and has no substantial ties with a non-U.S. person. We do not believe that the Company will be a foreign entity under the CFIUS regulations, but we cannot predict whether CFIUS would treat the Company as a foreign person/entity or whether CFIUS would consider our initial business combination as a covered transaction. Our initial business combination may be subject to CFIUS review, depending on the ultimate share ownership of the combined company following our business combination and other factors. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited. If we think the risk that our initial business combination will trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing is low and that our initial business combination otherwise does not raise sensitive national security concerns, we may determine to proceed with the transaction without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention before or after closing the transaction. The time necessary for CFIUS review of the transaction or a decision to delay or prohibit the transaction may prevent our initial business combination from occurring within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, we will be required to wind up, redeem and liquidate. In such event, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment through our initial business combination. Additionally, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 26,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the filing date, 19,408,463 authorized but unissued shares of common stock were available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, and no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any initial business combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 50 of our outstanding common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to not the funds held in the trust account except in specified circumstances and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 50 of our outstanding common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 50 of our outstanding common stock. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. We may not issue additional securities that can vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 incorporation on any initial business combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders, who beneficially own approximately 57.2 of our common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in the open market), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which will govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our initial stockholders, officers and directors and a separate agreement that we have entered into with the anchor investors. Our public stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our initial stockholders, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our public stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements may be amended without stockholder approval. Certain agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, officers and directors, the private placement warrant agreement and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and the anchor investors may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including transfer restrictions on our founder shares and private placement warrants and the securities included therein, that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (c) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. This forum selection clause may discourage claims or limit stockholders ability to submit claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable and may result in additional costs for a stockholder seeking to bring a claim. While we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this forum selection clause is low, if a court were to determine the forum selection clause to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs in conjunction with our efforts to resolve the dispute in an alternative jurisdiction, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 8 The Green, Suite #12081, Dover, DE 19901. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our units, common stock and warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols FHLTU , FHLT and FHLTW , respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of beneficial owners, as of March 7, 2023, there were 1 holder of record of our units, 35 holders of record of our separately traded common stock and 3 holders of record of our separately traded warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On March 3, 2021, entities affiliated with our executive officers acquired 4,312,500 founder shares, up to 562,500 of which are subject to forfeiture (the Founder Shares ), for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On October 24, 2021, the underwriters overallotment option expired 45-days from the date of the final prospectus, resulting in 562,500 of these founder shares being forfeited. On July 16, 2021, the Company issued an additional 1,437,500 founder shares, up to 187,500 of which are subject to forfeiture, in exchange for 8,333 in cash. On October 24, 2021, the underwriters overallotment option expired 45-days from the date of the final prospectus, resulting in 187,500 of these founder shares being forfeited. Twelve anchor investors in the IPO, none of whom is affiliated with any member of our management team, purchased a pro-rata portion of 1,229,799 founder shares from MB Equity, LLC, an affiliate of Bradley Bostic, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Travis Morgan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and a director, at a price of 0.0058 per share. The Company has valued the excess fair value over consideration of the founder shares offered to the anchor investors at 8,163,891, which was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and was charged to common stock subject to possible redemption upon completion of the Initial Public Offering 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Simultaneous with the Company s IPO, the Company entered into Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements for the private sale (the Private Placement of 7,375,000 warrants to its initial stockholders and Cantor Fitzgerald Co (such warrants, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for gross proceeds to the Company of up to 7,375,000. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO except that (1) so long as they are held by the Company s initial recipients or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) are subject to certain transfer restrictions, and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights and (2) the Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by the Company. 
 Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placements, 201,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account, 4,019,555 was paid for underwriting fees, 698,299 was paid for other offering costs, and 1,546,957 was held outside of the Trust Account to be used for working capital purposes. Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Future Health is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on February 25, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, our capital stock, debt, or a combination of cash, stock, and debt. The Company is an emerging growth company , and as such, the Company is subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and initial public offering described below and, since the initial public offering, the search for a target business for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds held in the Trust Account (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. On September 9, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 7,375,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant (the Private Placement ), to Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC (the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,375,000. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 From the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement, an aggregate of 201,000,000 was placed into a trust account for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders to fund redemptions of the shares of common stock held by the Company s public stockholders (the Trust Account ), to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the requirements of Rule 2(a)(7) of the Investment Company Act, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. Transaction costs amounted to 21,881,745, including 9,000,000 in deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable, 4,019,555 in upfront underwriting fees, 8,163,891 in offering costs allocated to anchor investors, and 698,299 in other offering costs related to the IPO. On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into a business combination agreement with Excelera DCE, Inc., which was subsequently terminated on October 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned income of 59,807, which consisted of operating costs of 2,407,442 and provision for income taxes of 144,810, offset by interest income on our cash balance of 10,332 and net gains on marketable securities held in our trust account of 2,601,727. The increase in operating costs during the current period relates primarily to legal and other fees associated with the proposed acquisition of Excelera, which was subsequently terminated. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of 180,911, which consisted of operating expenses of 187,303, partially offset by interest income on our cash balance of 2,043 and net gains on marketable securities held in our operating and Trust accounts of 4,349. Liquidity and Capital Resources On September 9, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the Private Placement of 7,375,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,375,000. Following the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, 201,000,000 10.05 per redeemable share sold in the IPO) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 21,881,745 in transaction costs, including 9,000,000 in deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable, 4,019,555 in upfront underwriting fees, 8,163,891 in offering costs allocated to the fair value of the common shares sold to anchor investors by certain related parties, and 698,299 of other offering costs related to the IPO. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,257,384, comprised of net income of 59,807, gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest held in Trust Account of 2,601,727 and 1,284,536 in cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities. Cash provided by investing activities was 187,274,827 comprised of the withdrawal of gains on marketable securities held in the Trust Account to fund payment of tax obligations as permitted by the trust agreement of 648,594 and withdrawal from the Trust Account for the redemption of shares of 186,626,233. Cash used by financing activities was 186,626,233 representing the redemption of shares. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 243,997, comprised of a net loss of 180,911, gain on marketable securities (net) dividends and interest held in Trust Account of 4,349, and of 58,737 in cash used by changes in operating assets and liabilities. Cash used by investing activities was 201,000,000, representing the investment of IPO proceeds into the Trust Account. Cash provided by financing activities was 202,690,479, comprised of 33,333 in proceeds from issuance of common stock to the Sponsor, 195,282,146 in net proceeds from the sale of common stock, and 7,375,000 from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 16,331,249 and 201,004,349, respectively. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable and income and franchise taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, any remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 837,692 and 1,446,482, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC loaned us 250,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to two promissory notes dated March 4, 2021 and August 24, 2021. These notes were non-interest bearing and repaid in full after the closing of the IPO on September 14, 2021. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor, or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no amount had been borrowed from the Sponsor, officers, or directors. We may be required to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business, identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence, and negotiating a Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 837,692 in its operating bank account and 388,107 of working capital deficiency. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 16,331,249 of securities held in the Trust Account which will be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem the Company s common stock in connection therewith. The Company has principally financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Private Placement that were placed in an account outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Management believes that it will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet the Company s needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing, however, there is a risk that the Company s liquidity may not be sufficient. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (other than as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company has until December 31, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date these financial statements were issued. Management intends to consummate a Business Combination prior to December 31, 2023. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets, or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. The underwriter of the IPO was paid 4,019,555 in underwriting discount and expense reimbursement upon the closing of the IPO. An additional 9,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees will be due to the underwriter only upon the closing of an Initial Business Combination. Included in this amount is a financial advisory fee of 300,000 that will be payable to Roth Capital Partners, LLC only upon the closing of an Initial Business Combination. In an Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement executed on June 13, 2022, the underwriter agreed to reduce the deferred underwriting fees payable in cash in exchange for issuance of 272,727 shares of the Company s common stock upon the closing of an Initial Business Combination with Excelera DCE. On October 31, 2022, the Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement was terminated in connection with termination of the Excelera Business Combination Agreements. The Company has entered into capital markets advisory agreements with multiple advisors pursuant to which fees will be paid in an aggregate amount of up to 2 of the cash retained from the trust account (net of redemptions) plus any gross proceeds raised in a financing relating to an Initial Business Combination. The capital markets advisory fees are contingent on both the consummation and the specific terms of an Initial Business Combination, neither of which can be reasonably predicted at this time. Accordingly, no accrual has been made for these arrangements in the financial statements. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company s management has reviewed all estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements and has determined that none reflect both a significant level of estimation uncertainty and a reasonable likelihood of material impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were not subject to any material market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of the IPO, the net proceeds of the IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting The changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting include performing additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and implementing additional procedures related to financial reporting for complex financial instruments in subsequent periods, including increased consultation with third party subject matter experts as appropriate. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Title Bradley A. Bostic 48 Chief Executive Officer and Director Travis A. Morgan 51 Chief Financial Officer and Director R. Mark Lubbers 68 Director Dr. F. John Mills 71 Director Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman 70 Director Bradley A. Bostic has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. From its inception in March 2020 until January 2021, Brad served as a co-founder and Board of Directors member of Novus Capital Corporation, which combined with agtech pioneer AppHarvest (NASDAQ: APPH; APPHW) funding the deployment of disruptive controlled environment farming technology to grow pesticide-free fruits and vegetables. Mr. Bostic has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of hc1.com, Inc. since founding the company in 2011. More than 1,000 health systems and diagnostic laboratory sites utilize hc1 s machine-learning powered software. Mr. Bostic has been responsible for forging strategic hc1 partnerships with global healthcare technology leaders including Quest Diagnostics, Appriss Health, CliniSys, and Amazon Web Services and with leading healthcare organizations including Cleveland Clinic, University of Washington Health System, Sonora Quest Labs, and Sonic Healthcare. Mr. Bostic has served as the Managing Director of Health Cloud Capital Fund I, LP since June 2017, where he leads the deployment of a private equity fund targeting growth-stage precision health SaaS companies. Mr. Bostic has served on the board of directors of TechPoint Indiana, an advisory body advising technology companies headquartered in Indiana, since January 2015 and Eskenazi Health Foundation, a non-profit organization aiming to promote a vital, healthy Indianapolis community, since December 2017. Mr. Bostic holds a BS in Business from Indiana University with a concentration in Informatics. We believe that Mr. Bostic s previous experience as a director of a special purpose acquisition company, which successfully completed a business combination, combined 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 with his extensive expertise as a health technology investor, operator, and senior executive, renders him qualified to serve as one of our directors. Travis A. Morgan has served as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Morgan has over 20 years of experience as a private equity investor and operating partner focused on early-stage life science and technology concerns. Since January 2007, Mr. Morgan has served as Managing Director of Caravel Ventures, LLC where he has been responsible for 18 capital infusions into 12 different operating companies, acting as a full-time executive officer of seven of those portfolio companies, including serving as co-founder and Chief Financial Officer of Strand Diagnostics, LLC, a leading CLIA-certified precision medicine laboratory, and President and Chief Operating Officer of Animated Dynamics, Inc., a precision diagnostics company developing novel technology for personalized chemotherapy selection. Since July 2017, Mr. Morgan has served as Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Health Cloud Capital Fund I, LP, a private equity fund targeting growth-stage precision health SaaS companies. Since January 2015, Mr. Morgan has been a stockholder of, and served as finance and strategy consultant and Board observer for, hc1.com, Inc. He has authored several peer-reviewed scientific papers and presentations, and has been awarded 11 life science patents as named inventor and/ or assignee. Mr. Morgan began his finance career at KPMG Peat Marwick and holds a B.S. in Accounting from Indiana University and an MBA from Babson. We believe that Mr. Morgan s significant experience and leadership as a private equity investor in and executive officer of life sciences and technology companies renders him qualified to serve as one of our directors. R. Mark Lubbers has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Lubbers has over four decades of experience in the insurance, financial services, energy, regulatory affairs, and public service fields. Since November 2016, Mr. Lubbers has served as the Managing Member of Spruance LLC, a company responsible for managing the residual assets of City Financial Corp., a regional investment bank for which he served as the lead independent director from January 2000 until January 2017, overseeing the sale of the firm in three transactions during 2016 and 2017. Since December 2016, Mr. Lubbers has served as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of ZahlenK-12, LLC, an educational event ticketing payments processing provider serving schools in 41 states. Mr. Lubbers served as the Senior VP for Corporate Affairs at health insurer Anthem, Inc. (NYSD: ANTM) from 1991 to 1995, where he developed the strategic plan to demutualize the company and grow via acquisitions into an insurance giant, also playing a lead role in the initial public offering of spin-out Acordia Insurance (now NYSE: KKR). Mr. Lubbers has played principal roles in multi-billion-dollar sustainable methanol, carbon capture, and gasification projects. In the public service arena, he served as a lead advisor to one United States senator, two sitting governors, and one presidential campaign, and was chief operating officer at the Hudson Institute from 1987 to 1991, where he held Top Secret security clearance while managing extensive government contracting, regulatory compliance, and economic policy initiatives. Mr. Lubbers holds a BS from Purdue s Krannert School and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Lubbers significant experience and leadership in the financial and health insurance industries, both as a senior executive and board member, render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. Dr. F. John Mills , MD, PhD has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Dr. Mills is an accomplished healthcare industry executive and entrepreneur with a background in general management of contract research organizations and pharmaceutical development spanning 30 years. Dr. Mills has served as a member of the boards of directors of hc1.com, Inc. and Alimentiv Inc. since March 2011 and January 2015, respectively. Dr. Mills has also served as the President of FJM Consulting LLC, a strategy consulting firm serving life sciences companies in the United States, United Kingdom and Australia, from January 2012 to May 2020. Dr. Mills co-founded BioStorage Technologies Inc. in 2003 and served as Chairman until November 2015. BioStorage Technologies Inc. provided management, logistics, and storage services for biological specimens and data to life science companies, and grew to become among the largest in its niche, ultimately being sold to the Brooks Life Sciences division of publicly traded Brooks Automation, Inc. (NASDAQ: BRKS) in November 2015. Prior to its acquisition by Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, NYSE: LH, Dr. Mills held various senior executive level positions at publicly traded Covance Inc., from April 1991 to January 2003, including Global President of the Central Lab Division, and Senior Vice President of European Clinical Research Services. Dr. Mills is an investor and advisor for multiple innovative biotech companies including Intelsius, an emerging leader in cold chain and packaging solutions for the life sciences industry, and hc1.com, Inc., the leader in precision testing and prescribing for value-based care. Dr. Mills also served as a specialist in aviation medicine in the UK s Royal Air Force. We believe that Dr. Mills extensive experience and leadership in the healthcare industry and in providing strategic guidance to life science companies render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Dr. Snyderman, a trained pediatrician and head and neck surgeon, served as the Chief Medical Editor for NBC News from September 2006 to May 2015 and 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 was a medical correspondent for ABC News from September 1987 to May 2003. In addition to her career as a journalist, Dr. Snyderman was a clinical professor of otolaryngology at the University of Pennsylvania from August 2003 to December 2015, and a Professor at Stanford University s Center for Innovation in Global Health from May 2015 to June 2018. Dr. Snyderman was Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications at Johnson Johnson, a publicly-traded pharmaceutical company (NYSE: JNJ), from January 2003 to September 2006. She practiced as an Otolaryngologist at California Pacific Medical Center from July 1994 to June 2003. Dr. Snyderman currently serves on the boards of directors of life science companies Alkermes Public Limited Company (NASDAQ: ALKS), Axonics Modulation Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: AXNX), and Lyra Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: LYRA) and served as an Advisory Board Member for GE s Healthymagination from September 2006 to May 2016. She previously served on the boards of directors of several health and wellness nonprofit organizations including Fair Food Network, from April 2017 to June 2020, and the Institute for Healthcare Improvement, from September 2011 to December 2018. During Dr. Snyderman s tenure as a medical journalist at NBC News and ABC News, she and her reporting teams received Emmy Awards, Edward R. Murrow Awards, a Columbia University DuPont Award, and a Gracie Award. Dr. Snyderman is a fellow in the American College of Surgeons. She attended medical school at the University of Nebraska and completed residencies in Pediatrics and Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery at the University of Pittsburgh. We believe that Dr. Snyderman s significant experience in the healthcare industry, including her experience as a board member at public life science companies, renders her qualified to serve as one of our directors. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of R. Mark Lubbers and Dr. F. John Mills, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Travis A. Morgan and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Bradley A. Bostic, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, prior to our initial business combination, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors, or by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws will provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, a President, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, and a Treasurer) as our board of directors from time to time may determine. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that R. Mark Lubbers, Dr. F. John Mills and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. None of our officers or directors have received any compensation for services rendered to us. Our founders, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsors, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each of which is composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee are available on our website. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are R. Mark Lubbers, Dr. F. John Mills and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman. R. Mark Lubbers serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that R. Mark Lubbers qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. The audit committee charter details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are R. Mark Lubbers, Dr. F. John Mills and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman. Dr. F. John Mills serves as chair of the compensation committee. The compensation committee charter details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are R. Mark Lubbers, Dr. F. John Mills and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman. Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee charter details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board director candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 The charter provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement relating to the IPO. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our website. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Please see Where You Can Find Additional Information. Conflicts of Interest Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Additionally, our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to our company. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Please see Directors and Executive Officers for a description of our management s other affiliations. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial stockholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (2) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (y) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our initial stockholders, officers and directors directly or indirectly own our securities, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. Our key personnel may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such key personnel was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 In general, under the doctrine of corporate opportunity, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations and duties relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will not be any expectancy that any of our directors or officers will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest: 

Name of Individual Entity Name Entity s Business Affiliation Bradley A. Bostic hc1.com, Inc. Precision Healthcare Software Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer BEA Holdings Consulting Management Consulting and Investment Firm Sole Managing Member Health Cloud Capital Fund I, LP Private Equity Fund Managing Director, Partner HC Capital GP, LLC Private Equity Fund General Partner Managing Director, Member MB Equity, LLC Venture Capital and Private Equity Management Managing Director, Member BEA Holdings II, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager, Member BEA Holdings III, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager BEA Holdings IV, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager b2 Holdings, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager Travis A. Morgan Caravel Ventures, LLC Private Equity Sponsor Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, Member Animated Dynamics, Inc. Precision Diagnostics Research and Development President and Chief Operating Officer, Director, Shareholder Health Cloud Capital Fund I, LP Private Equity Fund Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, Partner HC Capital GP, LLC Private Equity Fund General Partner Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, Member m2 Enterprises Holdings, LLC Management Consulting Firm President, Manager, Member hc1.com, Inc. Precision Healthcare Software Finance and Strategy Consultant, Board Observer, Shareholder MB Equity, LLC Venture Capital and Private Equity Management Managing Director, Member BEA Holdings II, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager, Member BEA Holdings III, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager BEA Holdings IV, LLC Investment Holding Company Manager R. Mark Lubbers Spruance LLC Holding Company Managing Member ZahlenK-12, LLC Holding Company Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman Dr. F. John Mills hc1.com, Inc. Precision Healthcare Software Board Member Alimentiv Inc. Gastrointestinal Drug Research and Development Board Member Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman Axonics Modulation Technologies, Inc. Medical Devices Board Member Alkermes Public Limited Company Biopharmaceuticals Board Member Lyra Therapeutics, Inc. Therapeutics Board Member 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In addition, our initial stockholders or any of their affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although, our initial stockholders and their affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our initial stockholders or any of their affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our initial stockholders motivation to complete an initial business combination. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination, and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote public shares purchased by them (if any) during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. We entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will obtain a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. A stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. Executive Compensation. No executive officer or director has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our initial stockholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, our founders, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsors, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this annual report, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

Number of Shares of Future Health Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Common Stock Directors and Executive Officers of Future Health: Bradley A. Bostic (2) 3,247,076 49.3 Travis A. Morgan (2) 3,134,577 47.6 R. Mark Lubbers 11,250 Dr. F. John Mills 11,250 Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman 11,250 All Directors and Executive Officers of Future Health as a Group (5 Individuals) 3,770,201 57.2 Five Percent Holders of Future Health: Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC (2) 2,625,000 39.8 BEA Holdings LLC 489,375 7.45 M2 Enterprises Holdings LLC 489,375 7.45 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Future Health ESG Corp., 8 The Green, Suite #12081, Dover, DE 19901. (2) Messrs. Bostic and Morgan are the managers of Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC. The shares beneficially owned by Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC may also be deemed beneficially owned by Messrs. Bostic and Morgan. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In March 2021, BEA Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Bradley A. Bostic, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; m2 Enterprises Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Travis A. Morgan, our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board of Directors; and Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC, of which Messrs. Bostic and Morgan are the managers, purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for a capital contribution of 25,000. On March 23, 2021, Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC transferred an aggregate of 168,188 founder shares, of which 129,374 shares were transferred to hc1.com, Inc., an affiliate of Messrs. Bostic and Morgan; and 12,938 shares were transferred to each of R. Mark Lubbers, Dr. F. John Mills and Dr. Nancy L. Snyderman, our directors. On July 16, 2021, MB Equity, LLC, an affiliate of Messrs. Bostic and Morgan, purchased 1,437,500 additional founder shares for a purchase price of 8,333. Upon the consummation of the IPO, MB Equity LLC transferred 1,229,799 founder shares to the anchor investors at a price of 0.0058 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering (not including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, 750,000 founder shares were forfeited by our founders as the underwriters over allotment was not exercised. Our initial stockholders purchased an aggregate of 6,375,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. As described in Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have other relevant fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties that may take priority over their duties to us. Our founders, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsors, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our founders, officers and directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our founders. The loans will be non-interest bearing. The other terms of such loans by our founders, officers and directors and their affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our founders, an affiliate of our founders, officers and directors and their affiliates, if any, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 We have entered into a letter agreement with our initial stockholders, officers and directors and a separate agreement with the anchor investors pursuant to which (x) our initial stockholders, officers and directors and the anchor investors have agreed to waive: (1) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (2) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this annual report (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame), and (y) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, which is described under the heading Principal Stockholders Registration Rights. Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC loaned us 250,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to two promissory notes dated March 4, 2021 and August 24, 2021. These notes were non-interest bearing and repaid in full after the closing of the IPO. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board of directors) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsors, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsors, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. There will be no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made by us to our founders, officers or directors or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our founders, officers and directors and their affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

 67 

Table of Contents 
 These payments may be funded using funds not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. MaloneBailey, LLP, MaloneBailey acts as our independent registered public accounting firm starting November 17, 2022. The following is a summary of fees paid to MaloneBailey for services rendered. Audit Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022, fees were approximately 45,000, for the services MaloneBailey performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include issuing consents for registration statements. We did not pay MaloneBailey for audit-related services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay MaloneBailey for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay MaloneBailey for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K:
 
 Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. (b) Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable.
 (c) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K.
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Document Schedule/Form File Number Exhibits Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect . 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate S-1/A 333-285911 4.1 September 1, 2021 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-285911 4.2 September 1, 2021 4.3 Specimen Public Warrant Certificate S-1/A 333-285911 4.3 September 1, 2021 4.4 Specimen Private warrant Certificate S-1/A 333-285911 4.4 September 1, 2021 4.5 Public Warrant Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 8-K 001-40788 4.1 September 14, 2021 4.6 Private Warrant Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 8-K 001-40788 4.2 September 14, 2021 4.7 Description of Securities 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, among the Company and the Company s officers and directors and certain other initial stockholders. 8-K 001-40788 10.1 September 14, 2021 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. 8-K 001-40788 10.2 September 14, 2021 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, among the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and certain other security holders. 8-K 001-40788 10.3 September 14, 2021 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Future Health ESG Associates, LLC. 8-K 001-40788 10.4 September 14, 2021 10.5 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 8-K 001-40788 10.5 September 14, 2021 10.6 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Bradley A. Bostic. 8-K 001-40788 10.15 September 14, 2021 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 10.7 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Travis Morgan. 8-K 001-40788 10.16 September 14, 2021 10.8 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and R. Mark Lubbers. 8-K 001-40788 10.17 September 14, 2021 10.9 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Dr. John F. Mills. 8-K 001-40788 10.18 September 14, 2021 10.10 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Dr. Nancy Snyderman. 8-K 001-40788 10.19 September 14, 2021 10.11 Promissory Note, dated March 4, 2021, issued to Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC. S-1/A 333-285911 10.9 September 1, 2021 10.12 Promissory Note, dated August 24, 2021, issued to Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC S-1/A 333-285911 10.10 September 1, 2021 16.1 Letter of Marcum LLP, dated as of November 18, 2022 8-K 001-40788 16.1 November 18, 2022 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS) XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101. LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 filed herewith furnished herewith 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 8th day of March, 2023. Future Health ESG Corp. By: /s/ Travis A. Morgan Name: Travis A. Morgan Title: Chief Financial Officer POWERS OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Bradley A. Bostic and Travis A. Morgan, each acting alone, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this annual report on Form 10-K (including amendments thereto), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Bradley A. Bostic Chief Executive Officer and Director March 8, 2023 Bradley A. Bostic (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Travis A. Morgan Chief Financial Officer March 8, 2023 Travis A. Morgan (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ R. Mark Lubbers Director March 8, 2023 R. Mark Lubbers /s/ Dr. F. John Mills Director March 8, 2023 Dr. F. John Mills /s/ Dr. Nancy L Snyderman Director March 8, 2023 Dr. Nancy L Snyderman 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB firm ID# F-1 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-5 to F-19 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Future Health ESG Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Future Health ESG Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 March 8, 2023 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Marketable securities held in Trust Account Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accrued expenses and accounts payable Franchise and income taxes payable Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5): Common stock subject to possible redemption; and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from For the Year February 25, 2021 Ended (inception) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 General and administrative expenses Franchise tax expense Loss from operations ) ) Interest income on cash balance Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, common stock subject to possible redemption ) Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable common stock ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock Subject Additional Total to Possible Redemption Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of February 25, 2021 (Inception) Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Forfeiture of Founder Shares ) ) Sale of units in initial public offering Paid underwriters fees ) Deferred underwriting and advisory costs ) Proceeds allocated to Public Warrant at issuance ) Excess fair value over consideration of the founder shares offered to the anchor investors ) Other offering costs ) ) ) Sale of private placement warrants Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock ) ) Redemption of Common Stock ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period From February 25, 2021 For the Year Ended (Inception) Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Franchise and income taxes payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Advances from related party Repayment of note payable and advances from related party ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of transaction costs Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Redemption of common stock ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash ) Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Adjustment to deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of common stock for per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , as further described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company completed the private sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant (the Private Placement to Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC (the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , as further described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , including in deferred underwriting and advisory fees payable, in upfront underwriting fees, in offering costs allocated to the fair value of the common shares offered to anchor investors by certain related parties (see Note 3), and in other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. A total of per redeemable share sold in the IPO), comprised of proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of: (1) the completion of the Company s initial business combination (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within from the closing of the IPO (by December 14, 2022) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption of all of the Company s public shares if it has not completed its initial business combination within from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. As a result, million (approximately per public share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following the redemptions, the Company has redeemable shares outstanding. In connection with the special meeting, in exchange for not electing to redeem their shares, the holder of each non-redeemed share shall receive a warrant for purchase of share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of at any time prior to December 31, 2028 (the Non-redemption Warrants and such program the Non-redemption Incentive Program ). The Non-redemption Warrants shall include an antidultion feature wherein the exercise price will be adjusted on the second anniversary of closing a Business Combination (the Adjusted Date to the lower of or the volume weighted average of the Company s common stock during the five trading days immediately preceding the Adjustment Date. Following the redemptions, Non-redemption Warrants will be issued in connection with the Company s Non-redemption Incentive Program. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). The Company provides the holders (the Public Stockholders of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value per share, sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders are entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (anticipated to be approximately per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting and advisory fees the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the initial stockholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by December 31, 2023 (the Combination Period and the Company s stockholders have not amended the Certificate of Incorporation to extend such Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting and advisory fees (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the COVID-19 outbreak ). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 in its operating bank account, of working capital deficiency. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of securities held in the Trust Account which will be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem the Company s common stock in connection therewith. The Company has principally financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Private Placement that were placed in an account outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Management believes that it will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet the Company s needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing, however, there is a risk that the Company s liquidity may not be sufficient. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (other than as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of redeemable common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Common Share, Redeemable Common Stock ) Non-Redeemable Common Stock Allocation of net income (loss) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of non-redeemable common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Common Share, Non-Redeemable Common Stock ) 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021 are deemed cash and cash equivalents which are considered level 1 classified. There were no transfers to and from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022, or the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. . The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1. Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, excluding over-allotment, were issued in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant will be recorded as equity. The Company, therefore, accounts for its outstanding warrants as equity-classified instruments. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company s currently taxable income primarily consists of interest income on the Trust Account. The Company s general and administrative costs are generally considered start-up costs and are not currently deductible. The Company s expenses related to the business combination agreement with Excelera and subsequent termination of the business combination agreement are deductible. The Company recorded of income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, and in income tax expense during the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The Company s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the expected income tax rate mainly due to the change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities and the start-up costs which are not currently deductible. and in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 from the Trust Account to pay taxes and withdrew in connection with the redemption of shares. , which represents the interest earned on the Trust Account net of allowable withdrawals for tax purposes and dissolutions expenses (set at a maximum of ). Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Less: Redemption of common stock ) Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of common stock and one -half of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. Twelve anchor investors, none of whom is affiliated with any member of our management team, purchased an aggregate of of the units sold in the Initial Public Offering. Further, each such anchor investor purchased a pro-rata portion of Founder Shares (defined below) from MB Equity, LLC, an affiliate of Bradley Bostic, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Travis Morgan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and a director, at a price of per share. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 . To estimate the fair value, management considered the probability and timing of IPO completion, business combination completion, and an appropriate discount for lack of marketability, all Level 3 Inputs under ASC 820. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and was charged to common stock subject to possible redemption upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5T, a capital contribution from the founders was recorded in additional paid-in capital. The underwriter did not exercise their overallotment option to purchase an additional Units within the limit. Management determined the fair value of this option to be immaterial, therefore, the financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the expiration of the overallotment option. founder shares, up to of which were subject to forfeiture (the Founder Shares ), for an aggregate purchase price of . Prior to the initial investment in the Company of by its founders, the Company had no assets, tangible, or intangible. On July 16, 2021, the Company issued an additional Founder Shares to the Sponsor, up to of which were subject to forfeiture, in exchange for in cash. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated in the period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through September 30, 2021 to reflect the additional Founder Shares. A total of Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor and affiliated entities upon the expiration of the Underwriter s Overallotment option on October 24, 2021. The Company s initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares held by them until the earlier to occur of: (1) after the completion of the initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at the initial Business Combination. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the Lock-up ). On March 23, 2021, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of Founder Shares to directors at a price of per share. The Company determined the excess fair value over consideration paid for the Founder Shares transferred to be as of the grant date. To estimate the fair value, management considered the probability and timing of IPO completion, business combination completion, and an appropriate discount for lack of marketability, all Level 3 Inputs under ASC 820. The sale of Founder Shares to members of the Company s board of directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder Shares were effectively sold or transferred subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. A business combination is not probable until it is completed. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a Business Combination had not yet been completed, therefore, stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Related Party Loans Future Health ESG Associates 1, LLC agreed to loan the Company up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to promissory notes dated March 4, 2021 and August 24, 2021. These notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2022 and the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed a total of 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 outstanding balance on the notes as of the date of this report. Private Placement Warrants On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements for the private sale (the Private Placement of warrants to its initial stockholders and Cantor Fitzgerald Co (such warrants, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, for gross proceeds to the Company of up to . Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of Common Stock for per share, subject to adjustment. underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Private Placement was conducted as a non-public transaction pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities Act ). The purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants (except to permitted transferees) until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of the per Unit offering price to Cantor Fitzgerald Co at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, with an additional fee of of the gross offering proceeds payable only upon the Company s completion of its Initial Business Combination, of which will be paid to Cantor Fitzgerald Co and will be paid to Roth Capital Partners, LLC, an independent financial advisor to the Company (the Original Underwriting Agreement ). On June 13, 2022, the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co entered into an amendment to the Original Underwriting Agreement, exclusively with respect to closing a Business Combination with Excelera, whereby Cantor will accept unrestricted shares of common stock (the Deferred Stock Consideration in exchange for reducing the cash portion of deferred underwriting fees to . During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized a reduction of accrued underwriting fees and a decrease in accumulated deficit by to reflect the difference between the fair value of the Deferred Stock Consideration at June 30, 2022, as compared to the deferred underwriting fees expected to be satisfied by issuance of the Stock Consideration rather than cash. Effective October 31, 2022, the amendment to the Original Underwriting Agreement was terminated in conjunction with termination of the Excelera Business Combination Agreements. shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of the December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which were redeemable common stock. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding , of which sharees were redeemable common stock shares issued in conjunction with the IPO at a price of per share. Redeemable common stock shares are classified as temporary equity and are excluded from total stockholders deficit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding shares of common stock are non-redeemable Founder Shares and are included in total stockholders deficit. Warrants Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants were issued upon separation of the Units (which occurred on December 9, 2021) and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable after the completion of a Business Combination. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If, at any time beginning on the st business day after the closing of our initial business combination, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants are not covered by an effective registration statement, the holders of the public warrants will be entitled to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. However, no public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Both Public and Private Warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if, in connection with an initial business combination, (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (with such issue price or effective issue price as determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, (iv) they are subject to registration rights and (v) Cantor Fitzgerald Co. has agreed that it shall have the right to exercise the Private Placement Warrants until, and shall forfeit to us for cancellation any Private Placement Warrants held by it on, the date that is after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). Redemption of public warrants: Once the public warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding public warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): In whole and not in part; At a price of per warrant; Upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants for cash as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the -day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Startup Costs Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consists of the following: Deferred ) State Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance ) Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and , respectively, of U.S. federal state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of deferred tax assets and therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: Change in valuation allowance ) Income tax provision The Company s effective tax rates for the periods presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to changes in fair value in warrants, transaction costs associated with warrants and the recording of full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 per share, from to . On March 8, 2023, the Company declared, payable on March 28, 2023 to the holders of record of all the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the close of business on March 21, 2023 (the Record Date in the amount of one Non-redemption Warrant for each share of common stock held as of the Record Date. 
 F-19 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 fhltu-20221231xex3d1.htm
 EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. September 9, 2021 Future Health ESG Corp., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 1. The name of the Corporation is Future Health ESG Corp. . The original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 25, 2021 (the Original Certificate ). 2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board and the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 3. This Amended and Restated Certificate restates, integrates and amends the provisions of the Original Certificate. Certain capitalized terms used in this Amended and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein. 4. The text of the Original Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: ARTICLE I NAME The name of the corporation is Future Health ESG Corp. (the Corporation ). ARTICLE II PURPOSE The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). ARTICLE III REGISTERED AGENT The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 8 The Green, Suite #12081, County of Kent, Dover, DE 19901. The name of its registered agent at such address is A Registered Agent, Inc. ARTICLE IV CAPITALIZATION Section 4.1 Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 505,000,000, consisting of 

 (a) 500,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock ), and (b) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). Section 4.2 Preferred Stock . Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. Section 4.3 Common Stock . (a) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. Subject to the provisions in Article IX hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. (b) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including a Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of the Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. (c) Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. (d) Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of the Common Stock held by them. Section 4.4 Rights and Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase shares of any class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation, and such rights, warrants and options shall be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided , however , that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof. 

 ARTICLE V BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 5.1 Board Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate and the Bylaws. Section 5.2 Number, Election and Term . (a) The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time in the manner provided in the Bylaws. (b) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate; the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate; and the term of the initial Class III Directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the election and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, if the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions thereof, to assign members of the Board already in office to the aforesaid classes at the time this Amended and Restated Certificate (and therefore such classification) becomes effective in accordance with the DGCL. (c) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. (d) Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights. Section 5.3 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Sections 5.5 and 9.9 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Section 5.4 Removal . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof and except as otherwise provided for by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including as set forth on Section 9.9 hereof), any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

 Section 5.5 Preferred Stock Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V , and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms. ARTICLE VI BYLAWS In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation; provided , however , that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and provided further , however , that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. ARTICLE VII MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT Section 7.1 Meetings . Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board (or, if applicable, any Co-Chairman of the Board), Chief Executive Officer (or, if applicable, any Co-Chief Executive Officer) of the Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders of the Corporation to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. Section 7.2 Advance Notice . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Section 7.3 Action by Written Consent . Subsequent to the consummation of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation. ARTICLE VIII LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION Section 8.1 Limitation of Director Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

 Section 8.2 Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . (a) To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes and penalties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided , however , that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. (b) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. (c) Any repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. (d) This Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees. ARTICLE IX BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE Section 9.1 General . (a) The provisions of this Article IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and terminating upon the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX shall be effective prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least fifty percent (50 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. 

 (b) Immediately after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 18, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the Offering and (iii) the redemption of Offering Shares in connection with a vote seeking to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow or effectuate redemptions as described in the Registration Statement or (B) relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described in Section 9.7 ). Holders of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are the initial stockholders of the Corporation or officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders . The term initial stockholders of the Corporation means the purchasers of shares of Common Stock prior to the Offering. Section 9.2 Redemption Rights . (a) Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering Shares redeemed (which redemption may be in the form of a repurchase by the Corporation) upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption Rights hereof for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption Price provided , however , that the Corporation shall not redeem Offering Shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Corporation having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of any Business Combination (such limitation hereinafter called the Redemption Limitation ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering. (b) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however , that if a stockholder vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the stockholders for their approval for business or other reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 9.2(b) . In the event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption 

 Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising their Redemption Rights shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. (c) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from redeeming Offering Shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the consent of the Corporation. (d) In the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the Offering, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. (e) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if (i) such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. (f) If the Corporation conducts a tender offer pursuant to Section 9.2(b) , the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. Section 9.3 Distributions from the Trust Account . (a) A Public Stockholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) , 9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust Account. (b) Each Public Stockholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. (c) The exercise by a Public Stockholder of the Redemption Rights (and any withdrawal of any exercise of such rights) shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures for redemptions (or withdrawals, as applicable) set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Corporation s Public Stockholders relating to the proposed initial Business Combination. 

 Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly as practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. (d) Share Issuances . Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any initial Business Combination or on any amendment to this Article IX. (e) Transactions with Affiliates . In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any initial stockholder of the Corporation or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors of the Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or from an independent accounting firm that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view. (f) No Transactions with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with solely another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. (g) Additional Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a) , any amendment is made to this Amended and Restated Certificate that would modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow or effectuate redemptions as described in the Registration Statement, or with respect to any other provision herein relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares. The Corporation s ability to provide such opportunity is subject to the Redemption Limitation. (h) Minimum Value of Target . So long as the Corporation s securities are listed on a national securities exchange, the Corporation s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount and taxes payable). (i) Approval of Business Combination . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, approval of the initial Business Combination shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, which must include a majority of the Corporation s independent directors. ARTICLE X CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY The doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future, and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation. In addition to the foregoing, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless (i) such corporate opportunity is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation, (ii) such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

 ARTICLE XI AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION The Corporation reserves the right to at any time and from time to time amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article XI ; provided , however , that Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. ARTICLE XII EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS Section 12.1 Forum . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the By-Laws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 12.1 shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Section 12.2 Consent to Jurisdiction . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately above (an FSC Enforcement Actio n and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Section 12.3 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XII . 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Future Health ESG Corp. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

Future Health ESG Corp. By: /s/ Travis A. Morgan Name: Travis A. Morgan Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. Future Health ESG Corp., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), does hereby certify: 1. The name of the corporation is Future Health ESG Corp. The corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the DGCL on February 25, 2021, under the name of Future Health ESG Corp. 2. The date of filing of the corporation s original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was February 25, 2021, and the date of filing the corporation s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was September 9, 2021. 3. The Board of Directors of the corporation has duly adopted resolutions setting forth proposed amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation (as amended and restated prior to the date hereof), declaring said amendment to be advisable and in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders and authorizing the appropriate officers of the corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders therefor, which resolutions setting forth the proposed amendment are substantially as follows: RESOLVED, that Section 9.1(b) of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: (b) Immediately after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 18, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by December 31, 2023 and (iii) the redemption of Offering Shares in connection with a vote seeking to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow or effectuate redemptions as described in the Registration Statement or (B) relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described in Section 9.7). Holders of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are the initial stockholders of the Corporation or officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as 

 Public Stockholders. The term initial stockholders of the Corporation means the purchasers of shares of Common Stock prior to the Offering. RESOLVED, that Section 9.2(d) of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: (d) In the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by December 31, 2023, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed this 9 th day of December, 2022. /s/ Bradley A. Bostic Bradley A. Bostic Chief Executive Officer 

SECOND CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF FUTURE HEALTH ESG CORP. Future Health ESG Corp., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), does hereby certify: 1. The name of the corporation is Future Health ESG Corp. The corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the DGCL on February 25, 2021, under the name of Future Health ESG Corp. 2. The date of filing of the corporation s original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was February 25, 2021, the date of filing the corporation s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was September 9, 2021 and the date of filing the corporation s Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was December 9, 2022. 3. The Board of Directors of the corporation has duly adopted resolutions setting forth proposed amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation (as amended and restated prior to the date hereof), declaring said amendment to be advisable and in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders and authorizing the appropriate officers of the corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders therefor, which resolutions setting forth the proposed amendment are substantially as follows: RESOLVED, that Section 4.1 of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: Authorized Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 31,000,000, consisting of (a) 26,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock ), and (b) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed this 31st day of January, 2023. /s/ Bradley A. Bostic Bradley A. Bostic Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.7>
 3
 fhltu-20221231xex4d7.htm
 EX-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which was adopted on September 9, 2021 and amended on January 31, 2023, our authorized capital stock consists of 26,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each of our units consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The common stock and warrants constituting the units began separate trading on December 9, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional warrants are issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase two units, you will not be able to receive a whole warrant. Common Stock As of February 28, 2023, 6,591,537 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, including: 1,591,537 shares of our redeemable common stock; and 5,000,000 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders. Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the common stock voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 26,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.05 per public share. The redemption rights include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a separate agreement with us, 

 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Permitted transferees of our initial stockholders, officers or directors and the anchor investors are subject to the same obligations. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our founders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in our prospectus filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect Excess Shares (more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our public stockholders inability to redeem Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and they could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees, as applicable, will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders . Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we have not completed our initial business combination by December 31, 2023, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a separate agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023. However, if our founders or any of our officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates then hold any public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with 

 respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time frame to complete our initial business combination. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering, except that: (1) our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the anchor investors have entered into a separate agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (a) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (b) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and, except in the case of the anchor investors, public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this prospectus or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by December 31, 2023 or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; and (3) the holders of founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees, as applicable, will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our initial stockholders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination. Preferred Stock Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the date that is 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreements, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will 

 expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC and to have declared effective a post-effective amendment to our registration statement, or a new registration statement, covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If, at any time beginning on the 61st business day after the closing of our initial business combination, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants are not covered by an effective registration statement, the holders of the public warrants will be entitled to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. Redemption of warrants Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem warrants even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. We have established the 18.00 per share (as adjusted) redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above under Redemption of warrants, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis (such option, the Cashless Exercise Option ). In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock 

 for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this Cashless Exercise Option feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had management taken advantage of this Cashless Exercise Option, as described in more detail below. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (I) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this prospectus or (II) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event divided by all outstanding shares of our common stock at such time. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of common stock. Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a merger or consolidation in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. In addition, if, in connection with an initial business combination, (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or its affiliates, 

 without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the newly issued price. The public warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the public warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2021, for a description of the terms and conditions applicable to the public warrants. The public warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under such warrant agreement as the parties to such warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of the public warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in our initial public offering except that, (1) the private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) are subject to certain transfer restrictions (as described in more detail under Principal Stockholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ), and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights (as described in more detail under Principal Stockholders Registration Rights (2) will not be redeemable by us; (3) the private placement warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (4) Cantor Fitzgerald Co. has agreed that it shall have the right to exercise the private placement warrants until, and shall forfeit to us for cancellation any private placement warrants held by it on, September 9, 2026 in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the initial stockholders fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the initial stockholders fair market value. The initial stockholders fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis is because it is not known at this time whether our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our founders, officers and directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our initial stockholders. The private placement warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the private placement warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2021the registration statement of which this 

 prospectus forms a part, for a description of the terms and conditions applicable to the private placement warrants. The private placement warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the private placement warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under such warrant agreement as the parties to such warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of the private placement warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 50 of our outstanding common stock. Our initial stockholders may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: if we have not completed our initial business combination by December 31, 2023, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (1) receive funds from the trust account; or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any initial business combination; in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our 

 initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount and taxes payable on interest earned); if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described in this prospectus or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and we will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual stockholder meetings. 

 Exclusive Forum For Certain Lawsuits Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director, officer or employee of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or employee of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. Special Meeting of Stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman, if any. Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Our bylaws provide for advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. Our bylaws allow the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of us. Securities Eligible for Future Sale As of February 28, 2023, 6,591,537 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. Of these shares, 1,591,537 were freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 5,000,000 founder shares and all 7,375,000 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale; and (2) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

 1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding; or the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than a business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and their private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2021 requiring us to register the founder shares and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans for resale. The holders of these shares are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The demand and piggyback registration rights granted to Cantor Fitzgerald Co. are subject to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). Accordingly, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after September 9, 2026 and September 9, 2028, respectively, and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. Listing of Securities Our units, common stock and warrants were approved for listing on Nasdaq under the symbols FHLTU, FHLT and FHLTW, respectively. Our units began trading on Nasdaq on September 10, 2021 and our shares of our common stock and warrants began trading separately on December 9, 2021. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fhltu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Bradley A. Bostic, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Future Health ESG Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 8, 2023 By: /s/ Bradley A. Bostic Bradley A. Bostic Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fhltu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Travis A. Morgan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Future Health ESG Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 8, 2023 By: /s/ Travis A. Morgan Travis A. Morgan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fhltu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Future Health ESG Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Bradley A. Bostic, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 8, 2023 By: /s/ B. Bradley A. Bostic Bradley A. Bostic Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 fhltu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Future Health ESG Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Travis A. Morgan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. Date: March 8, 2023 By: /s/ Travis A. Morgan Travis A. Morgan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fhltu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fhltu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fhltu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fhltu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

