<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1527728_0001731122-23-000271.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7270716</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346580</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1409958</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2438755</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1313704</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1564044</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000271.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enochian Biosciences Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				452259340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38758
		FILM NUMBER:		23675099

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		45 39179840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DanDrit Biotech USA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Putnam Hills Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000271.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 e4443_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

United
states 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
report under section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
report under section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934

For the transition period from 

Commission file number 

(Name of registrant in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+1 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common
Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the last 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes 

On December 31, 2021, the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was . 

As of February 27, 2023, the number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock was . 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comment 
 34 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 34 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

Part II 
 
 36 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 

Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 36 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations 
 36 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 47 

Part III 
 
 47 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 59 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 61 

Part IV 
 
 62 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 

Signatures and Certifications 
 64 

i 

Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and
Industry Data 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations and market trends and expectations. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are based
upon our current assumptions, expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on our business.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: may, could, would, 
 should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 approximately, estimate, predict, project, potential or the
negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements concerning: 

Our ability to continue as a going concern and ability to raise additional capital if needed; 

Our potentially continuous incurrence of losses as a pre-clinical-stage biotechnology company with no products that have achieved regulatory approval; 

Our ability to generate revenue if we fail to develop marketable product; 

Our dependence on substantial additional financing to support the research, development, licensing, manufacture, and marketing of product candidates and products, and the possibility that unforeseen operational costs will arise; 

The dilutive effect on stockholders ownership interests of the Company raising capital through an equity issuance in connection with future equity financing or equity debt agreements; 

Our dependence on the services of experts, including third parties to research
and develop product candidates in cooperation with our employees and officers; 

The difficulty or impossibility of predicting future clinical trial results and regulatory outcomes of our products based upon our pre-clinical or earlier clinical trial performance; 

The application of heightened regulatory and commercial scrutiny to our gene, cell, and immunotherapy products given their novel nature and concomitant potential for actual or perceived safety issues; 

Our ability to compete in a rapidly developing field, and the potential impact to our financial condition, product marketability, and operational capacities of a competitor receiving regulatory approval before us, or a competitor developing a more advanced or efficacious therapy than our product; 

Potential delays or total failures of third parties, such as universities, non-profits, and clinical research centers, to perform obligations on which our product research and development rely; 

Potential interruption or delay of our and our third-party contractors business operations due to COVID-19, which may prevent the timely initiation and conclusion of pre-clinical studies; 

The impact on our competitive position, business operations, and financial condition of implementation of amended healthcare laws and regulations related to healthcare pricing and reimbursement; 

The dependence of certain of our pipelines on intellectual property licensed from licensors, and the severe adverse impact to our business operations of a disruption of one of our licensing relationships; 

The potential monetary costs of defending our intellectual property rights in a dispute, and the possibility that an intellectual property dispute will not be settled in our favor; 

The possibility that our patents and patent applications, even if unchallenged, will not sufficiently protect or provide exclusive use of our intellectual property, which could jeopardize our ability to commercialize our products and dissuade companies from subsequently collaborating with us; 

ii 

The negative impact to our competitive
position and the value of our technology of our failure to protect trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements, or the unavailability of adequate recourse for breach of such agreements; 

The fluctuation and volatility of the market
price of our Common Stock due to its limited public market, and the possibility that these issues will compound and strain our
stockholders ability to resell their Common Stock; 

Our significant dependence on sophisticated
management with highly technical expertise to oversee business operations, and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel
to sustain growth; 

Our ability to adapt to future growth by
training an expanding employee base and shifting away from reliance on third-party contractors; 

The risk of liability arising from claims
of environmental damage, personal injury, and property damages in connection with our research and development activities, including
those that involve the use of hazardous materials; 

The possibility that enforcement actions
to suspend or severely restrict our business operations will be brought against the Company for our failure to comply with laws
or regulations and the potential costs of defending against such actions; 

Our reliance on adequate maintenance of the security and integrity
of our information technology systems to effectively operate our business; and 

Such other factors as discussed throughout Part II, Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 

A forward-looking statement
is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur.
You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including without limitation the risks and uncertainties
described below the heading Item 1.A. Risk Factors in this report, that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations and assumptions that involve numerous
risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of our business.
Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market
conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are
beyond our control. This is especially emphasized by the anticipated impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company, including
the related effects to our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Although we believe
that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate.
Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Any or
all of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and any other public statement made by us, including by our
management, may turn out to be incorrect. We are including this cautionary note to make applicable and take advantage of the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim
any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Information regarding market
and industry statistics contained in this report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate.
It is generally based on academic and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic
analysis. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and
the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services.
Except as required by U.S. federal securities laws, we have no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual
results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could affect those statements. 

iii 

PART I 

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in
this prospectus to we, us, our, Enochian BioSciences or the Company 
are to Enochian BioSciences Inc., a Delaware corporation Registrant ), together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Enochian
Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Enochian Biopharma Enochian Biosciences Denmark ApS, a Danish limited company,
organized under the Danish Act on Limited Companies of the Kingdom of Denmark DanDrit Denmark ), and Enochian Technologies,
Inc., a Nevada corporation Enochian Technologies ).

Our Business 

We
are a biotechnology company committed to developing advanced allogeneic cell and gene therapies to promote stronger immune system
responses potentially for long-term or life-long cancer remission in some of the deadliest cancers, and potentially to treat or
cure serious infectious diseases such as Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. 

Our
Product Development strategy is anchored in the use of non-self or allogeneic cells that enhance the immune response
that we seek to elicit . 

Over the past several years,
Enochian BioSciences has evolved from a company with a single product candidate as a potential cure for HIV, adding two additional
pipeline candidates for HIV, a pipeline for Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), and with a significant expansion into cancer immune therapies
to address high unmet needs from difficult-to- treat solid tumors. 

The oncology platform is
now at the forefront of our development activities, beginning with pancreatic cancer. 

Many operational aspects
of our platforms can be quickly adapted to multiple disease states from a single therapeutic approach, potentially streamlining
and accelerating development, and regulatory process, as well as manufacturing operations. Moreover, because our products candidates
do not require specialized delivery devices and surgical procedures, our potentially groundbreaking interventions could have worldwide
applicability. 

The Company responds quickly
to new data and perceived development opportunities and risks assessments. Based on the maturation of our pipelines, the Company
makes business decisions to prioritize the programs that could move more rapidly through development and commercial processes. 

Therapeutic Areas
of focus 

Solid
Tumors 

Cancer is caused by an uncontrolled
proliferation of abnormal cells. The immune system plays a key role in identifying and destroying those abnormal cells. In the
past 10 years, there has been significant investment in research and development to retrain the immune system in people with cancer
to restore the effectiveness of that immune response so called immune-therapy . Immune-therapies have made
substantial advances to treat various types of blood cell-derived cancers. However, solid tumors still represent a key challenge
for long-term remission or cure. Certain solid tumors have evolved mechanisms that can either hide from normal immune control and
immune-therapies or release certain signaling factors that can block attempts by the immune system to recognize and destroy cancer
cells. 

Enochian Biosciences is
developing innovative, proprietary approaches that involve gene- and/or cell-therapy to promote cancer fighting cells that are
designed to potentially overcome those mechanisms and enhance the ability of a person living with a solid tumor to more easily
recognize cancer cells and mount a much more robust and effective immune reaction to destroy them. 

Pancreatic cancer remains
a very deadly disease with only 5-10 percent of patients surviving 5 years. Initial preclinical in vitro and proof of concept
 in vivo studies of our immune-therapeutic approach for pancreatic cancer have demonstrated promising results. 

1 

Because of the flexibility
provided by the platform technology for quick adaptations during research and development and manufacturing processes, it could
accelerate the development of potential products for other solid tumors beyond pancreatic cancer. For example, triple-negative
breast cancer, glioblastoma, and renal cell carcinoma are all solid tumors with poor survival rates and limited treatment options.
The platform might also allow for non-specific immune enhancement that could have impact against a broad array of solid tumors.
As currently conceived, our approach could potentially allow for outpatient therapy without significant impairment of the patient s
immune system, as many current approaches require. 

Because many types of solid
tumors do not have adequate therapies, are difficult to treat and have relatively low survival rates, there is a large market potential. 

Infectious Diseases 

Infectious diseases such
as HIV and HBV cause disease and death in hundreds of millions of people every year. In a similar way to solid tumors, those viruses
escape from natural immune response by hiding inside of human cells, creating sanctuaries or reservoirs of infection that can evade
the immune system. Advances in anti-viral drugs have made a huge impact on the ability to extend and improve the quality of life
for many, but are often associated with side effects, and can be very expensive. In the USA, therapy for HIV is estimated to cost
 35,000 to 50,000 per year . 

Through its advanced cell-
and gene- therapy platforms, Enochian BioSciences is developing unique tools potentially to enhance a person s ability to
both recognize and fight infections. Because those mechanisms aim to eliminate the cells that serve as a reservoir for viral replication,
our therapy could potentially either cure or at least provide long term remission to people living with chronic infections. 

HIV 

HIV
attacks the human immune system, specifically killing off CD4+ T-cells, a central part of a person s ability to control other
infections and certain cancers. Left untreated, over time, the number of CD4+ T-cells drops to such low levels that people die
from those infections and cancers. 

Thanks
to scientific advances, there are over 30 antiretroviral drugs, or ARVs, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA to treat HIV that can allow many people to live almost as long as people without HIV. But, as mentioned, the drugs are expensive,
require taking pills every day, and can have significant side effects over time. 

More
than 30 million people are living with HIV. In addition, as many as 1 million people, including people in high-income countries,
continue to die each year from HIV due to the ability of the virus to evolve to evade the effects of the drugs, in particular in
people who have been taking various drugs for many years. To date, there are no treatments that can eliminate the reservoir of
immune cells that are infected with HIV from the body. Consequently, treatment for HIV is life-long. 

HBV 

Despite the availability
of an effective vaccine and treatment that can control infection if it is taken daily for life, HBV is the world s most common
serious liver infection. Two billion people have been infected with HBV, approximately 300 million have chronic HBV infection,
and nearly one million people die every year around the world. HBV remains the leading cause of liver cancer and the second leading
cause of cancer deaths in the world. 

While vaccines are increasingly
required for children, many adults have not been vaccinated. Life-long treatment access can be limited and also can be difficult
for certain people to follow due to its side effects. 

Current efforts to develop
novel treatments or cure largely focus on approaches to deplete the pool of the covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), a type
of HBV DNA that is the root cause of HBV chronicity. Enochian Biosciences is exploring the development of an innovative gene therapy
approach to co-opt HBV polymerase, a key factor that the virus needs to reproduce itself and to induce the death of liver cells
infected with the virus. 

2 

Therapeutic Platforms

The Company s general
approach with gene- and/or cell-therapy is to enhance the immune system to allow a person to better fight diseases. The Company
is leveraging general principals and advances in the knowledge of the immune response to engineer cells with enhanced attributes
to promote the recognition and elimination of diseased cells. 

Advanced Allogeneic Cell
Therapy 

The strategic benefit of
cell therapy platforms is to potentially allow for manufacture of large, off-the-shelf banks of therapeutic cells
that could be accessed on demand by health care professionals to potentially decrease the time between diagnosis and treatment. 

In addition, because we
focus on cells from donors the strategy could potentially enhance the ability of the therapeutic candidates to induce a more robust
response once injected into patients. The human immune system is designed to recognize and distinguish self from
 non-self and destroy otherness such as bacteria, viruses, and damaged or diseased cells such as cancer
cells. Alloreactivity (reacting against another person s cells) is the most powerful response the immune system generates.
Several of our technologies take advantage of the alloreactivity to hyper stimulate a person s immune response to better
attack a chronic infection (e.g., HIV) or solid tumor. 

In certain treatments (e.g.,
HIV and cancer), cells taken from healthy donors are sometimes genetically modified to introduce signaling molecules that are designed
to enhance the ability of specific immune cells to recognize diseased cells, and to help recruit other cells that will destroy
cancer or virus infected cells. 

The Company believes that
the combination of off-the-shelf allogeneic cells, combined with genetic modifications designed to enhanced immune signaling, could
potentially generate therapeutic candidates that have unique attributes that will increase the likelihood of success. 

Cell Therapy enabling
technology 

In addition to the platform
described above, Enochian BioSciences has an innovative gene therapy approach to enhance the selection and engraftment (uptake)
of cells carrying therapeutic attributes. Enhanced uptake or engraftment could play a critical role in some cases to increase the
likelihood of therapeutic benefit. This technology was initially developed for autologous cell therapy from a person living with
HIV, and genetically modifying those cells so they cannot be infected with most variants of HIV plus a gene modification to enhance
uptake. We have sublicensed under a profit-sharing agreement our technology to potentially increase engraftment for potential use
in CAR-T therapy as a potential cure for HIV. 

HBV Gene Therapy 

Enochian BioSciences is
exploring various approaches for gene therapy design elements to potentially eliminate virus-infected cells with an innovative
molecular mechanism that co-opts the virus machinery to induce the death of infected cells rather than reproducing and causing
more infection and exacerbate diseases. 

3 

Our Product Candidates 

Oncology: 

ENOB-DC-11: Genetically
modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Solid Tumors Starting
with Pancreatic Cancer 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy
Platform moderately Advanced Pre-Clinical 

Based
on learning from peer-reviewed publications of Phase I/IIa trials, we have designed an innovative therapeutic vaccination platform
that could potentially be used to induce life-long remission from some of the deadliest solid tumors. The survival rate in pancreatic
cancer is currently only 5 to 10 percent at 5 years. 

Initial
preclinical in vitro and proof of concept in vivo studies have been encouraging. The platform might also allow for
non-specific immune enhancement that could have impact against a broad array of solid tumors. We initially plan to target pancreatic
cancer. Other potential targets for later development could include triple-negative breast cancer, glioblastoma, or renal cell
carcinoma. As with HIV, our approach would potentially allow for outpatient therapy without wiping out or significantly impairing
the patient s immune system, as many current approaches require. 

Enochian BioSciences has
initiated a collaboration with Dr. Anahid Jewett from UCLA to study further the in vitro and in vivo effectiveness
of the approach in pancreatic cancer. Dr. Jewett created an innovative pancreatic cancer mouse model that mimics the human immune
system in combination with implanted human cancer cells. Early results show promising substantial tumor size reduction. We are
now fully committed to process development/improvements and hope to have confirmatory in vivo data by early 2023 with potential
Pre-IND submission early/mid 2023. If successful, clinical trials in humans could be possible by the end of 2023 or the first half
of 2024. 

4 

ENOB-DC-12--XX: Genetically
modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Additional Indications 

The technology is a platform
that could potentially be adapted to other solid tumors first line and/or salvage therapy, by itself or, potentially, in combination
with other cancer treatments. Additional indications are being evaluated strategically to balance risk and opportunity to advance
therapeutic development quickly in cancer indications with few treatment options. 

Infectious Diseases: 

HIV: 

ENOB-HV 12: HIV Therapeutic Vaccines for Potential
Long-term Remission/Cure 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy
Platform - Advanced Pre-Clinical Stage; Non-Human Primate Studies Ongoing. 

In persons living with HIV
who are controlling the spread of virus with anti-retroviral (ARV) treatment, boosting the immune system in a different way than
the virus already has through infection, could allow for control of HIV after stopping ARVs. 

Enochian
BioSciences is developing ENOB-HV-12 that utilizes a novel cellular and immunotherapy approach that could potentially provide therapeutic
vaccines for HIV (ENOB-HV-12). A non-human primate study of the therapeutic vaccine in primates at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
Center is ongoing. Animals began receiving the first injections of the potential therapeutic vaccine in August, 2022. Preliminary
results could potentially be available in early 2023. A Pre-IND request could be submitted by mid-2023, with IND submission and
the beginning of Phase I clinical trials by mid- to end-2024. 

ENOB-HV-01: Autologous Transplant with Genetically
Modified Cells : 

FDA INTERACT Meeting Held February 2020 -
Advanced Pre-Clinical Stage 

There have been several
efforts to cure HIV by re-engineering a person s own T cells so that these cells no longer express a special protein (C-C
chemokine co-receptor type 5 or CCR5), which HIV uses to gain entry to them. A naturally occurring mutation that blocks expression
of CCR5 on T cells occurs in ~1 of people living in or from Northern Europe with no known adverse effects. The Berlin patient ,
and more recently the London patient were HIV-positive people who developed cancer and were treated with a bone marrow
transplant with cells donated from people with this naturally occurring mutation of CCR5. The Berlin and London patients seem to
have been effectively cured from HIV providing proof-of-concept that HIV can be cured. However, because the transplanted cells
come from another person, such transplants carry high risk and can result in death in a significant proportion of patients. Given
the success with these two patients, several researchers and companies have attempted to replicate this experience by genetically
modifying T cells of HIV-positive patients to render them unable to be infected by HIV and then returning them to the patient.
Because the transplanted cells are from the same person, the risks to the patient are much lower. The uptake, or engraftment of
the modified T cells, however, has not been optimal, leading to failure to achieve a cure. In addition, the transplant pre-treatment
that has been used is bone marrow-destroying chemotherapy, which wipes out the patient s immune system and can have long-term
side effects including the risk of developing cancer. 

We have pioneered a novel
enabling technology (ALDH gene modification) that we believe will allow sufficient engraftment of the CCR5 gene-modified Hematopoietic
Stem Cell (HSC) to eliminate the need for Antiretroviral Treatment (ART.) 

Management conducted a successful
FDA INTERACT Meeting in alignment with the Company s experimental plan. Although in vitro and in vivo studies
have demonstrated promising results, further development of ENOB-HV-01 at this time was deemed costly and a long-term undertaking.
While the Company plans to return to full development of the approach when resources are available, it has become less attractive
and been deprioritized for business reasons, while pipelines that could move more quickly have been prioritized (e.g., DC-11).
Therefore, a business decision was made to sub-license the ALDH gene modification. 

5 

ENOB-HV-01 was sub-licensed
to Caring Cross with a profit share arrangement. Caring Cross is developing a CAR-T approach that they believe, when combined with
Enochian Biosciences ALDH gene modification, could enhance engraftment of their CAR-T cell therapy and enhance their likelihood
of success. 

ENOB-HV-21: Immunotherapy with Allogeneic
NK/GDT Cells 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy Platform -Pre-IND
conducted - Advanced Pre-Clinical with Human Data through a Collaboration 

We
are also exploring ENOB-HV-21, an innovative treatment for HIV with allogeneic Natural Killer (NK) and Gamma Delta T-Cells (GDT).
It is believed that the GDT cells, a small subset of immune cells that can be infected with HIV, could both be infected by, and
be a key factor in controlling the virus. The initial scientific findings were presented during the American Society of Gene 
Cell Therapy (ASCGT) Annual Meeting in 2021. Enochian BioSciences has an exclusive license to use the underlying patent to develop
ENOB-HV-21 for potential treatment or cure of HIV. A successful investigator-initiated Pre-IND was completed in October
2021 . However, due to a shift in priorities to the Oncology pipeline, Enochian BioSciences does not
plan to pursue the IND and potential clinical trial in the near to medium-term. 

HBV: 

ENOB-HB-01: Potential
Cure for HBV 

HBV Gene Therapy -Pre-Clinical 

ENOB-HB-01 is in an early
pre-clinical phase as we explore various approaches for gene therapy design elements. If those explorations are successful, it
is possible we could begin the regulatory process at the earliest in the first half of 2024. However, our highest priority is currently
the oncology platform, beginning with pancreatic cancer. 

Collaborations 

We have established
strategic partnerships with leading scientists and research centers, such as the University of California, Los Angeles, Fred Hutchinson
Cancer Research Center, and Caring Cross for some of our programs. We will continue to pursue partnerships and collaborations when
appropriate with selected philanthropic, pharmaceutical, and biotechnology companies to fund internal research and development
activities, and to assist in product development and commercialization. We are applying our technology platform to several commercial
applications in which our products provide us and our strategic partners and collaborators with potential technical, competitive,
and economic advantages. 

Our Intellectual Property 

Patents and licenses are
key to our business. Our strategy is to file for patent applications to protect technology, inventions, and improvements to inventions
that we consider important for the development of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade
secret laws, as well as continuing technological innovations, proprietary knowledge, and various third-party agreements, including,
without limitation, confidentiality agreements, materials transfer agreements, research agreements, and licensing agreements, to
establish and protect our proprietary rights. We aim to take advantage of all of the intellectual property rights that are available
to us and seek the protection of those rights so that we can fully exploit our innovations. 

6 

We also protect our proprietary
information by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors, and other advisors to execute nondisclosure and assignment of
invention agreements upon commencement of their respective employment or engagement. Our patent filings are discussed briefly below. 

Internally Developed Intellectual Property 

Protocol for generating dendritic cells (2005 DK, 2008 PCT) 

This patent family is directed
to the generation of dendritic cells based on a blood sample by culturing monocytes at reduced temperatures. Dendritic cells exposed
to tumor antigens followed by treatment with T(h) 1-polarizing differentiation signals have paved the way for the development of
dendritic cell-based cancer vaccines. Issued claims are directed to a method of generating immature dendritic cells under certain
temperature settings, which by further activation has been shown to give a high yield of homogeneous and fully matured dendritic
cells. The patent expiration date is December 2026 subject to any applicable patent term extension, patent term adjustment, or
supplementary protection certificates that may be available in a country or jurisdiction. This patent has been issued in the USA,
Canada, China, Eurasia, Russia, Europe, Israel, Mexico, Malaysia, and New Zealand. This patent is owned by the Company and was
not licensed from third parties. 

Assigned Intellectual Property 

On August 16, 2022, the USPTO issued U.S. Patent
No. 11,413,338 B2, Methods and Compositions Using Recombinant Dendritic Cells for Cancer Therapy , pertaining to methods
and compositions for treating cancer by eliciting an immune response by administering dendritic cells expressing heterologous proteins.
This patent protects ENOB-DC-11: Genetically modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cells as Potential Product for Long-term Remission
of Solid Tumors Starting with Pancreatic Cancer and potential future products ENOB-DC-12-XX: Genetically
modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cells as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Additional Indications for twenty years.
This patent is owned by the Company, through assignment as of July 15, 2019. 

On June 17, 2020, a patent application was filed
entitled:-, Allogeneic T-Cell-Based HIV Vaccine to Induce Cellular and Humoral Immunity , US 2021/0030795 A1 for the
composition and method of use concepts for HV-12. This patent application is owned by the Company, through assignment as of September
28, 2021. 

In-Licensed Technology 

On February 16, 2018, Enochian
Biopharma, the Registrant s wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a License Agreement (the HIV License Agreement with Weird Science, LLC Weird Science ). The License Agreement contains, among other things, the following terms:
(a) a perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, sublicensable, and exclusive (including to the exclusion of Weird Science) worldwide
license from Weird Science to Enochian Biopharma to use Weird Science s intellectual property and technology for the prevention,
treatment, and/or amelioration of and/or therapy for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in
humans (the Field worldwide; (b) a nonexclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable license from Enochian Biopharma to
Weird Science to use the Enochian technology to commercialize products outside of the Field worldwide; (c) a nonexclusive, royalty-free
license from Enochian Biopharma to Weird Science to use the results of a study with syngeneic and humanized mice models outside
the Field and, at Weird Science s own expense, to prosecute patents relating to the results of the study, which Weird Science
will own, and (d) a perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, sublicensable, and sole and exclusive (including to the exclusion of
Weird Science) worldwide license from Weird Science to Enochian Biopharma (which will be part of the license described in (a) above)
to use patent applications and patents related to the study results disclosed in (d) above solely in the Field, and to make, have
made, use, sell, offer to sell and import inventions claimed in such patent applications and patents solely in the Field. Our current
product candidates covered by this license include ENOB-HV-01: Autologous Transplant with Genetically Modified Cells (See Note
9 in the Financial Statements). 

7 

On January 31, 2020, the
Company entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the HBV License Agreement by and among the Company,
G Tech Bio, LLC (G-Tech ), and G Health Research Foundation, a not for profit entity organized under the laws of California
doing business as Seraph Research Institute SRI ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual, sublicensable, exclusive
license (the HBV License for a treatment under development (aimed to treat HBV infections in accordance with its
agreement in principle with G-Tech and SRI announced by the Company on November 25, 2019. The HBV License Agreement states that
in consideration for the HBV License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and certain other
in-kind funding related to the Treatment over a 24-month period. The Company paid an upfront payment of 1.2 million on February
6, 2020. Our current product candidate under this license is ENOB-HB-01 HBV Gene Therapy. (See Note 9 in the Financial Statements) 

On August 25, 2021, the
Company entered into an ALC Patent License and Research Funding Agreement in the HIV Field (the ALC License Agreement with SRI whereby the Company was granted an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free license (the ALC
License ), with the right to sublicense, the proprietary technology subject to a U.S. patent application, to make, use, offer
to sell, sell or import products for use solely for the prevention, treatment, amelioration of or therapy exclusively for HIV in
humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in humans; provided the licensor retained the right to conduct
HIV research in the HIV Field. Pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company granted a non-exclusive license back to licensor,
under any patents or other intellectual property owned or controlled by the Company, to the extent arising from the ALC License,
to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use in the diagnosis, prevention, treatment, amelioration or therapy of
any (i) HIV comorbidities and (ii) any other diseases or conditions outside the HIV Field. The Company made an initial payment
to SRI of 600,000 and agreed to fund future HIV research, as mutually agreed to by the parties. Our current product candidate
under this license is ENOB-HV-21: HIV Natural Killer and Gamma Delta T Cell Treatment or Cure. 

Trade Secrets and Proprietary Know-How 

In addition to intellectual
property protected by patents and copyrights, we have trade secrets and proprietary know-how relating to our products, production
processes, and future strategies. 

Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries, including in the field of gene therapy, are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and
a strong emphasis on intellectual property. While we believe that our technology platforms, strong intellectual property portfolio,
and scientific expertise in the gene therapy field provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many
different sources, including larger and better-funded pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, new market entrants, and new
technologies. 

We are aware of several
companies focused on other methods for editing genes and regulating their expression, and a limited number of commercial and academic
groups pursuing the development of gene regulation and genome editing technology. The field of applied gene regulation and genome
editing is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future from several different sources,
including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; academic and research institutions, and government agencies. 

Accordingly, our competitors
may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval, or commercializing competitive products before us. If we commence
commercial product sales, we may be competing against companies with greater marketing and manufacturing capabilities, areas in
which we have limited or no experience. In addition, any product candidate that we successfully develop may compete with existing
products that have long histories of safe and effective use. 

The competitive landscape
that we are facing is as follows: 

Gene therapy
companies developing gene-based products in clinical trials . uniQure N.V. s product for lipoprotein lipase deficiency
and GlaxoSmithKline plc, or GSK s, product for severe combined immunodeficiency due to adenosine deaminase deficiency are
approved in Europe. No other gene therapy products have yet been approved. Our competitors in this category may include, but not
be limited to, Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc., uniQure N.V., bluebird bio, Inc., Regenxbio Inc., Shire, Pfizer Pharmaceutical, and
GSK. 

8 

Cell therapy companies
developing cell-based products . Our competitors in this category may include Novartis AG, Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC,
Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., bluebird bio, Inc., Cellectis S.A., Juno Therapeutics, Inc., Kite Pharma, and Iovance Biotechnologies,
Inc. 

For ENOB-DC-11 , the competitive
landscape is more complex. 

Immunotherapy is an active
area of research and a number of immune-related products have been identified in recent years that are alleged to modulate the
immune system. Many of these products utilize dendritic cells, a form of immune cell that presents cancer target peptides to T
cells and that can in turn result in T cell activation. More recently, bi-specific antibodies and checkpoint inhibitors (for instance
PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies) have been identified as having utility in the treatment of cancer. Bi-specific antibodies commonly target
both the cancer peptide and the T cell receptors TCR ), thus bringing both cancer cells and T cells into close proximity
to maximize the chance of TCR binding and hence an immune response to the cancer cells. Checkpoint inhibitors on the other hand
work by targeting receptors that inhibit T cell effectiveness and proliferation and essentially activate T cells. Other immunotherapies
that are being actively investigated include antibody-drug complexes, TCR-mimic antibodies, oncolytic viruses, and cancer vaccines.
A variety of cell-based autologous and allogeneic approaches are also being researched and developed. 

CAR-T in solid tumors 

In addition to hematological
malignancies, there are a growing number of pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and academic institutions researching and developing
autologous and allogeneic chimeric antigen receptor T cell CAR-T therapies in the solid tumor setting. These CAR-T
cell therapies are at a variety of stages of preclinical and clinical development, as well as directed towards a broad target spectrum.
Two CAR-T therapies have been approved for treatment of leukemia. 

TCR T cells 

Competitors are developing
TCR T cells (including affinity engineered T cells) that are directed towards a multitude of targets. Juno Therapeutics has developed
an engineered TCR therapeutic candidate where the end TCR is purported to have enhanced affinity through stem-cell selection. 

Other cell-based approaches 

In addition to all the adoptive
cell therapy approaches above, our competitors are also investigating the potential of Gamma Delta T cell, CAR-NK cell, NK cell,
NKT cell and CTLs either in a preclinical or clinical setting (both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors). In addition, Bristol
Myers Squibb s Abraxane is used for pancreatic cancer. 

For ENOB-HV-12 , we are aware of
a few biotech companies developing an HIV vaccine such as Geovax, Biosantech SA, and FIT Biotech, among a few others. 

For ENOB-HV-01 ,
we are aware of two companies developing a gene therapy for HIV/AIDS: Sangamo and American Gene Technology. 

For ENOB-HB-01, t here
is an approved vaccine to prevent HBV infection. In addition, several approved combination antivirals can suppress replication,
but do not cure HBV. Several companies are pursuing cures, mostly targeting the depletion of ccc-DNA. 

9 

Manufacturing 

Our intent is to rely on
contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs), to help develop processes
and manufacture our product candidates in accordance with FDA and European Medicine Agency (EMA) mandated regulations, also known
as current good manufacturing practices, cGMPs ). We employ a technical operations staff in the areas of process
development, analytical development, quality control, quality assurance, project management, and manufacturing, which will facilitate
appropriate oversight of our CMOs, support of our regulatory filings, and execution of clinical trials. 

Government Regulation 

FDA Review and
Approval 

Government authorities
in the United States, at the federal, state, and local levels, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things,
the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion,
advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we
are developing. Any products we develop will require regulatory review and allowance to proceed prior to conducting clinical trials
and additional regulatory approvals prior to commercialization. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and their implementing regulations govern, among other
things, biopharmaceutical testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, and other promotional
practices. 

Obtaining FDA approval is
a costly and time-consuming process. Generally, FDA approval requires that preclinical studies be conducted in the laboratory and
in animal model systems to gain preliminary information on efficacy and to identify any major safety concerns. The results of these
studies are then submitted as a part of an IND, which the FDA must review and allow before human clinical trials can start. The
IND includes a detailed description of the proposed clinical investigations. An independent Institutional Review Board IRB must also review and approve the clinical protocol and each clinical site. 

A company must submit
an IND for each investigational medical product and specific indication(s) and must conduct clinical studies to demonstrate the
safety and efficacy of the product necessary to obtain FDA approval. The FDA receives reports on the progress of each phase of
clinical testing and may require the modification, suspension, or termination of clinical trials if an unwarranted risk is presented
to patients. 

Obtaining FDA approval prior
to marketing a biopharmaceutical product in the United States typically requires several phases of clinical trials to demonstrate
the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Clinical trials are the means by which experimental treatments are tested in
humans and are conducted following preclinical testing. Clinical trials may be conducted within the United States or in foreign
countries. If clinical trials are conducted in foreign countries, the products under development as well as the trials are subject
to regulations of the FDA and/or its regulatory counterparts in the other countries. Upon successful completion of clinical trials,
approval to market the treatment for a particular patient population may be requested from the FDA in the United States and/or
its counterparts in other countries. 

Clinical trials for therapeutic
products are normally conducted in three phases. Phase 1 clinical trials are typically conducted with a small number of subjects/patients
to evaluate the safety, determine a safe dosage range, identify side effects, and, if possible, gain early evidence of effectiveness.
Phase 2 clinical trials are conducted with a larger group of patients to evaluate the effectiveness of an investigational product
for a defined patient population, and to determine common short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug. Phase 3 clinical
trials involve large scale, multi-center, comparative trials that are conducted to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship
of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product labeling. In some special cases where the efficacy
testing of a product may present a special challenge to testing in humans, such as in the case of a vaccine to protect healthy
humans from a life-threatening disease that is not a naturally occurring threat, effectiveness testing may be required in animals.
For certain advanced therapies that meet eligibility criteria for expedited program designations, clinical development may be accelerated. 

10 

Clinical trials involve
the administration of the treatment/drug product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified
investigators who generally are physicians not employed by, or under, the control of the trial sponsor. Clinical trials are conducted
under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection,
and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical
trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA s regulations comprising
the Good Clinical Practice GCP requirements, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research
subjects and their health information including the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent. 

Further, each clinical trial
must be reviewed and approved by an IRB at or servicing, each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB
is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers items such as whether the risks to individuals
participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves
the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject, or their legal representative,
reviews and approves the study protocol, and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Clinical trials involving recombinant
DNA also must be reviewed by an institutional biosafety committee, or IBC, a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees
basic and clinical research that utilizes recombinant DNA at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and
identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment. 

After completion of clinical
trials of a new product, FDA marketing approval must be obtained. If the product is regulated as a biologic, a Biologics License
Application, or BLA, is required. If the product is classified as a new drug, a New Drug Application, or NDA is required. The NDA
or BLA must include results of product development activities, preclinical studies, and clinical trials in addition to detailed
chemistry, manufacturing and control information. 

Applications submitted to
the FDA are subject to an unpredictable and potentially prolonged approval process. Despite good-faith communication and collaboration
between the applicant and the FDA during the development process, the FDA may ultimately decide, upon final review of the data,
that the application does not satisfy its criteria for approval or requires additional product development or further preclinical
or clinical studies. Even if FDA regulatory approval(s) are obtained, a marketed product is subject to continual review, and later
discovery of previously unknown problems or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions
on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. 

Before marketing approval
can be secured for a product, the facility in which the product is manufactured must be inspected by the FDA and must comply with
the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices, cGMP regulations. In addition, after marketing approval is
secured, the manufacturing facility must be inspected periodically for cGMP compliance by FDA inspectors, and, if the facility
is located in California, by inspectors from the Food and Drug Branch of the California Department of Health Services. 

Sponsors of clinical trials
are required to register, and report results for, all controlled, clinical investigations, other than Phase 1 investigations, of
a product subject to FDA regulation. Trial registration may require public disclosure of certain confidential commercial development
data. 

The process of obtaining
regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations
require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at
any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative
or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of
an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil
or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The FDA offers several
programs to expedite the development of products that treat serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic
benefits to patients over existing treatments. 

11 

RMAT designation: 

A drug is eligible
for designation as an RMAT if: the drug is a regenerative medicine therapy, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue
engineering product, human cell and tissue product or any combination product using such therapies or products, except for those
regulated solely under certain other sections; the drug is intended to treat, modify, reverse or cure a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition; and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs
for such disease or condition. Some of our current and future products may be eligible for RMAT designation. 

Orphan designation: 

Under the Orphan
Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a
disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the
United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a product available for this
type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting
an NDA or BLA. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval
process. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for such product for the disease
or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA
may not approve any other applications to market a product containing the same active moiety for the same use or indication for
seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity.
A product is clinically superior if it is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Any claims of clinical
superiority could require a head-to-head clinical trial between such drugs. Competitors may receive approval of different products
for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication
for which the orphan product has exclusivity. If a product designated as an orphan product receives marketing approval for an indication
broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan product exclusivity. 

Other Healthcare
Laws and Compliance Regulations 

Although we currently do
not have any products on the market, we may also be subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal
government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. In the United States, among
other things, the research, manufacturing, distribution, sale and promotion of pharmaceutical and biological products are potentially
subject to regulation and enforcement by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ), other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services
(e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal
Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, state Attorneys General
and other state and local government agencies. Our current and future business activities, including for example, sales, marketing,
and scientific/educational grant programs, must comply with health care regulatory laws, as applicable, including, without limitation: 

the federal anti-kickback statute,
 which is a criminal statute that makes it a felony for individuals or entities to knowingly and willfully offer or pay, or
 to solicit or receive, direct or indirect remuneration, in order to induce the purchase, order, lease, or recommending of
 items or services, or the referral of patients for services, that are reimbursed under a federal health care program, including
 Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act, which
 prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly submitting, or causing to be submitted, false or fraudulent
 claims for payment of government funds, with penalties that include three times the government s damages plus civil
 penalties for each false claim; in addition, the False Claims Act permits a person with knowledge of fraud, referred to as
 a qui tam plaintiff, to file a lawsuit on behalf of the government against the person or business that committed the fraud,
 and, if the action is successful, the qui tam plaintiff is rewarded with a percentage of the recovery; 

12 

federal criminal laws that prohibit
 executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

the Health Insurance Portability and
 Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects
 the security and privacy of protected health information; 

the federal Physician Payment Sunshine
 Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical suppliers to report annually to CMS information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals, and
 ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare professionals and their immediate family members;
 and 

state and foreign law equivalents of
 each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws which may impose stricter requirements than
 federal law and may apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor (including commercial insurers and cash-paying patients);
 state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
 and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made
 to healthcare professionals and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare professionals or marketing expenditures;
 and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from
 each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

If our operations are found
to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental laws or regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties,
including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of
operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, additional program integrity obligations, individual
imprisonment, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product
approvals, refusal to permit us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, contractual damages, reputational
harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits, and future earnings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, result of operations, and cash flows. These additional healthcare regulations could affect our current
and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, principal investigators, consultants, customers and third-party payors. 

Moreover, the introduction
of legislation, implementation of new regulations, or enforcement of existing regulations that have a negative impact on the commercial
prospects for the types of products we are developing could negatively impact our share price and our ability to raise capital. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Significant uncertainty
exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidate that receives regulatory approval. In the United States
and markets in other countries, sales of our product candidates, if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party
payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels. 

In the United States, third-party
payors include federal and state healthcare programs, government authorities, private managed care providers, private health insurers
and other organizations. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing
the cost-effectiveness of medical drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Such
payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all
the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. Third-party payor coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which
the product is approved by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage
for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. 

13 

Moreover, the process for
determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the
price of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the drug product. A payor s
decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved or that the
product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and
distribution. There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products, and reimbursement rates may fluctuate
over time or vary according to the use of the product or clinical setting in which a product is used. Net prices for products may
be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation
of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. 

Further, third-party payers
are increasingly challenging the price of medical products and services, and there is increasing pressure on biotechnology companies
to reduce healthcare costs. If purchasers or users of our products are not able to obtain adequate reimbursement for the cost of
using our products, they may forego or reduce their use. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly
approved healthcare products, and whether adequate third-party coverage will be available. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage
and profitable payment rates from both government funded and private payors for future products we develop could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize potential products, and our overall
financial condition. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In March 2010, former President
Obama signed into law The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation
Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by
both governmental and private insurers in the United States, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The Affordable
Care Act contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollments in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement adjustments
and fraud and abuse changes. Additionally, the Affordable Care Act increases the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers
of brand name drugs; requires collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; requires manufacturers
to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated
prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and imposes a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers
or importers who sell branded prescription drugs to specified federal government programs. 

Since its enactment, there
have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and we expect there will be additional
challenges and amendments to the Affordable Care Act in the future. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since
the Affordable Care Act was enacted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers and reduced payments to several
types of Medicare providers. Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers
set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among
other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs,
and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Individual states in the United States have also become
increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and, in some cases, proposing to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We cannot predict
what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future. 

We also are subject to various
federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing
practices, the experimental use of animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including
radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research. The extent of government regulation
that might result from any future legislation or administrative action cannot be accurately predicted. 

14 

Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act 

Our business activities
may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or
rules of other countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to
give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action,
or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls.
Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of
non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed
by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers
and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, suppliers, manufacturers,
contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given
the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions
against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of facilities, including those of our suppliers and manufacturers,
requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance
programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer
our products in one or more countries as well as difficulties in manufacturing or continuing to develop our products, and could
materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees,
and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2022, we
had 22 full-time employees. In July 2022, the Company began to streamline the organization to focus around two of its therapies
(oncology and HIV therapeutic vaccine). The Company has tailored its workforce to focus on these therapies. As of February 2023,
we have 11 full-time employees. We believe that we have good relations with our employees. 

Corporate Information 

On February 16, 2018, we
completed our acquisition of Enochian Biopharma pursuant to an acquisition agreement, dated January 12, 2018, by and among the
Registrant, its wholly owned subsidiary DanDrit Acquisition Sub, Inc., Enochian Biopharma and Weird Science (the Acquisition
Agreement ), with Enochian Biopharma surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. As consideration for the acquisition,
the stockholders of Enochian Biopharma received (i) 18,081,962 shares of Common Stock and (ii) the right to receive Contingent
Shares pro rata upon the exercise or conversion of warrants, which were outstanding at closing (See Note 1 to the Financial Statements). 

We trade on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the ticker ENOB. 

Our website is http://www.enochianbio.com.
We make available free of charge, on or through our internet site, our annual, quarterly, and current reports and any amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained in our website is not part of, nor incorporated by reference
into, this report. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock involves a
high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors and uncertainties described below, in addition
to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section of this report titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes, before investing in our common stock. 

The risks described below may not be the
only ones relating to our Company and additional risks that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect us. If any of these
risks, including those described below, materialize, our business, competitive position, reputation, financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows and future prospects could be seriously harmed. In these circumstances, the market price of our common
stock could decline, and investors may lose all or a part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Results and
Capital Needs 

We have incurred substantial
losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable
future. 

We are a pre-clinical-stage
biotechnology company. Investment in biotechnology related to genetically modified cells is highly speculative because it entails
substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a product candidate will fail to prove effective, gain regulatory
approval or become commercially viable. We do not have any products approved by regulatory authorities and have not generated any
revenues from product sales or otherwise to date, and have incurred significant research, development and other expenses related
to our ongoing operations and expect to continue to incur such expenses. As a result, we have not been profitable and have incurred
significant operating losses in every reporting period since our inception. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
we reported a net loss of 113.4 million and 26.7 million. We had an accumulated deficit of 204.3 million and 90.9 million as
of June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We do not expect to generate
revenues for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable
future. We anticipate these losses to increase as we continue to research, develop, and seek regulatory approvals for our product
candidates and any additional product candidates we may acquire, in-license or develop, and potentially begin to commercialize
product candidates that may achieve regulatory approval. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays,
and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the
rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. If any of our product candidates fails in clinical
studies or does not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fails to achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable.
Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. We anticipate
that our expenses will increase in the future as we continue to invest in research and development of our existing product candidates,
investigate and potentially acquire new product candidates and expand our manufacturing and commercialization activities. 

There is substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

Our consolidated financial
statements as of June 30, 2022 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve
months. As of June 30, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 9.2 million and an accumulated deficit of 204.3 million. We
do not believe that our cash and cash equivalents are sufficient for the next twelve months. As a result of our financial condition
and other factors described herein, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to
continue as a going concern will depend on our ability to obtain additional funding, as to which no assurances can be given. We
continue to analyze various alternatives, including potentially obtaining debt or equity financings or other arrangements. Our
future success depends on our ability to raise capital. We cannot be certain that raising additional capital, whether through selling
additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of credit or other loan, will be available to us or, if available, will
be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue additional securities to raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our current shareholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain
funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our current development programs, cut operating costs,
forego future development and other opportunities, or even terminate our operations. 

16 

We are a pre-clinical
biotechnology company and may never be able to successfully develop marketable products or generate any revenue. We have a very
limited relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. There is no assurance
that our future operations will result in profits. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues, we may suspend or cease operations. 

We are an early-stage biotechnology
company and have not generated any revenues to date. All of our product candidates are in the discovery stage or pre-clinical development
stage. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our research and development efforts will be successful or, if successful, that our
potential treatments will ever be approved for sale to generate commercial revenues. Our pipeline includes cell, gene and immunotherapy
involving genetically modified cells targeted to treat cancer, HIV, and Hepatitis B, and we rely on third parties under contract
in the development of product candidates in our pipeline. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manage and fund the development
of a pipeline with multiple target conditions, nor that third parties will meet their obligations to us in connection with our
research and development. We and certain third parties, on which we rely, have no relevant operating history upon which an evaluation
of our performance and prospects can be made. We are subject to all of the business risks associated with a new enterprise, including,
but not limited to, risks of unforeseen capital requirements, failure of treatments either in non-clinical testing or in clinical
trials, failure to establish business relationships, failure of our third parties to meet their obligations to us and competitive
disadvantages against larger and more established companies. If we fail to become profitable, we may suspend or cease operations. 

We will require substantial
additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay,
limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

We expect to expend substantial
resources for the foreseeable future to continue the pre-clinical development of our cell, gene and immunotherapy product candidates,
and the advancement and potential expansion of our pre-clinical research pipeline. We also expect to continue to expend resources
for the development and manufacturing of product candidates and the technology we have licensed or have a right to license from
our licensors. These expenditures will include costs associated with research and development, potentially acquiring or licensing
new product candidates or technologies, conducting pre-clinical and clinical studies and potentially obtaining regulatory approvals
and manufacturing products, as well as marketing and selling products approved for sale, if any. Under the terms of certain of
our license agreements, we are obligated to make payments upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial
milestones. We will also need to make significant expenditures to develop a commercial organization capable of sales, marketing,
and distribution for any products, if any, that we intend to sell ourselves in the markets in which we choose to commercialize
on our own. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. Because the design and outcome of our ongoing, planned and anticipated
pre-clinical and clinical studies is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully
complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Our future capital requirements
depend on many factors, including: 

the costs and payments associated with
 license agreements for our potential products and technologies; 

the costs of conducting pre-clinical
 and clinical studies and the costs of manufacturing our product candidates 

the timing of, and the costs involved
 in, obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, if clinical studies are successful, including any costs from
 post-market requirements; 

17 

the cost of commercialization activities
 for our product candidates, if any of these product candidates is approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution
 costs; 

our ability to establish and maintain
 strategic licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing,
 prosecuting, maintaining, expanding, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of
 such litigation; and 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales
 of, or royalties on, our future products, if any. 

Additional funds may not
be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely
basis, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical studies, or other development activities
for one or more of our product candidates or delay, limit, reduce or terminate our establishment of sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities or other activities that may be necessary to commercialize our product candidates. 

Raising additional
capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies.

Until such time as we can
generate substantial product revenues, we may attempt to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings, government
and/or other third-party grants or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations,
strategic alliances, and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, our investors ownership interest will be diluted. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements
that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making
capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly
curtail one or more clinical research or development programs, which would adversely impact our potential revenues, future results
of operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, we may be subject to
legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or disputes, and governmental inquiries that could cause us to incur significant expenses,
divert our management s attention, and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

From time to time, we may
be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving intellectual property, privacy, securities,
tax, labor and employment, and other matters that could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. Recently,
we have seen a rise in the number and significance of these disputes and inquiries. The arrest and indictment of Serhat G mr kc ,
has, and could in the future, subject us to regulatory proceedings and litigation by governance agencies and private litigants
brought against us, that regardless of their merits, could harm our reputation, divert management s attention from our operations
and result in substantial legal fees and other costs. Additionally, we have in the past been subject to intense media scrutiny,
which exposes us to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions, and penalties. 

We have also been named
in several lawsuits related to Mr. G mr kc . For example, the Company and certain of its current and former officers
have been named in securities class actions by purported stockholders of ours, alleging defendants violated Sections 10(b) and
20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements
and omissions of material fact in connection with the Company s relationship with Mr. G mr kc and its commercial
prospects. In addition, two shareholders filed shareholder derivative action lawsuits purportedly on behalf of the Company
against certain of our executive officers and the members of our Board of Directors alleging violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also setting out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification,
aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Additionally, from time to time, we may be, and currently are, subject to inquiries
from regulators in which they seek information about us. Such further inquiries could result in more formal investigations or allegations,
which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

18 

Litigation, regulatory proceedings,
such as the investigations described above, as well as the related class action claims and lawsuits, and securities matters that
we are currently facing or could face, can be protracted and expensive, and have results that are difficult to predict. Certain
of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages and include claims for injunctive
relief. Additionally, our legal costs for any of these matters, either alone or in the aggregate could be significant. Adverse
outcomes with respect to any of these legal or regulatory proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments,
penalties, and fines. Even if these proceedings are resolved in our favor, the time and resources necessary to resolve them could
divert the resources of our management and require significant expenditures. See Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies in
the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the section titled
 Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The results of litigation,
investigations, claims, and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending litigation
and other legal and regulatory matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations will prove
correct, and even if these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time
and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The recent negative publicity has had and
may continue to have a negative impact on our business and may have a long-term effect on our relationships with our customers,
partners and collaborators. 

Our business and reputation
have been negatively affected by the recent negative publicity resulting from the arrest and indictment of Serhat G mr kc ,
a co-founder of the Company and an inventor of some of the Company s intellectual property. If we are unable to rebuild the
trust of our collaborators, research institutions and investors, and if further negative publicity continues, we could experience
a substantial negative impact on our business. We have experienced claims and litigation as a consequence of these matters, including
shareholder class actions in connection with a decline in our stock price and litigation with Mr. G mr kc . Related
legal expenses of defending these claims have negatively impacted our operating results. Continuing higher legal fees, potential
new claims, liabilities from existing cases and continuing negative publicity could continue to have a negative impact on our operating
results. 

Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidates 

We are highly dependent
on the services of third parties to conduct research and development of our pipeline, and our failure to maintain the services
of such third parties could harm our business. 

We are highly dependent
on third parties working in conjunction with our officers, employees, scientific advisory board and research institutions in the
research and development of product candidates in our pipeline. The loss of the services of any of the foregoing, or of any of
our key employees or scientific advisory board members could impede the achievement of our research, development, regulatory approvals,
and commercialization objectives. 

The results of pre-clinical
studies or earlier clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of future results, and if we fail to demonstrate efficacy in
our pre-clinical studies and/or clinical trials in the future our future business prospects, financial condition and operating
results will be materially adversely affected. 

The success of our research
and development efforts will depend upon our ability to demonstrate the efficacy of the treatments in our pipeline in pre-clinical
studies, as well as in clinical trials following IND approval by the FDA. Pre-clinical studies involve testing potential product
candidates in appropriate non-human disease models to demonstrate efficacy and safety. 

Success in pre-clinical
studies does not ensure that later clinical studies will generate adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of an investigational
drug. Currently, several of our product candidates, including DC-11, our genetically-modified allogeneic dendritic therapeutic
vaccination platform for solid tumors, ENOB-HV-12, our therapeutic HIV vaccine, and ENOB-HV-01, our autologous HIV curative treatment
are all currently in various stages of pre-clinical development with ongoing and planned pre-clinical studies in conjunction with
research institutions and third parties. Despite preliminary data we believe is positive, this does not guarantee that any of these
products will proceed to the clinical stage or to approval for commercial use. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in
clinical studies, even after seeing promising results in earlier preclinical studies or clinical studies. 

19 

Regulatory agencies evaluate
these data carefully before they will approve clinical testing in humans. If certain non-clinical data reveals potential safety
issues or the results are inconsistent with an expectation of the potential product candidates efficacy in humans, the regulatory
agencies may require additional more rigorous testing before allowing human clinical trials. This additional testing will increase
program expenses and extend timelines. We may decide to suspend further testing on our potential products or abandon the product
lines altogether if, in the judgment of our management and advisors, the pre-clinical test results do not support further development,
as we did with our pan-coronavirus and influenza product lines. 

Our novel gene, cell
and immunotherapy product candidates and new therapeutic approaches could result in heightened regulatory scrutiny, delays in clinical
development or delays in our inability to achieve regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. 

Our future success is dependent
on the successful development of novel gene, cell and immunotherapy product candidates. Because these programs, particularly our
pipeline of allogeneic T-cell product candidates that are bioengineered from healthy donor cells, represent a new approach to immunotherapy
for the treatment of cancer and other diseases, developing and commercializing our product candidates subject us to a number of
challenges. 

Moreover, actual or perceived
safety issues, including adoption of new therapeutics or novel approaches to treatment, may adversely influence the willingness
of subjects to participate in clinical studies, or if approved by applicable regulatory authorities, of physicians to subscribe
to the novel treatment mechanics. The FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities may ask for specific post-market requirements,
and additional information informing benefits or risks of our products may emerge at any time prior to or after regulatory approval. 

We face significant
competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval
before us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition
and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates. 

The development of treatments
in the fields of cancer, HIV, and Hepatitis B is highly competitive and many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic
institutions, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations may pursue the research and development
of technologies, drugs or other therapeutic products for the treatment of some or all of the diseases we are targeting. Nearly
all of our competitors have greater capital resources, larger overall research and development staffs and facilities, and a longer
history in drug discovery and development, obtaining regulatory approval and pharmaceutical product manufacturing and marketing
than we do. Techniques in gene, cell and immunotherapy are subject to rapid technological change and development and are significantly
affected by existing rival products and medical procedures, new product introductions and the market activities of other participants.
With additional resources, our competitors may be able to respond to the rapid and significant technological changes faster than
we can. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies.
We may also face competition from products, which have already been approved and accepted by the medical community for the treatment
of these same indications. If we are unable to compete effectively with any existing products, new treatment methods and new technologies,
we may be unable to commercialize therapeutic products that we may develop in the future, which could adversely impact our potential
revenues, results of operations and financial condition or lead to abandonment of product candidates in our pipeline. 

Our reliance on third
parties, such as university laboratories, contract manufacturing organizations and contract or clinical research organizations,
may result in delays in completing, or a failure to complete, non-clinical testing or clinical trials if they fail to perform under
our agreements with them. 

20 

In the course of the development
of our pipeline, we have and expect to continue to engage university laboratories, non-profit organizations, independent contractors,
other biotechnology companies or contract or clinical manufacturing organizations to conduct and manage research and development,
pre-clinical and clinical studies and to manufacture materials for us to be used in pre-clinical and clinical testing. Due to engagements
with these organizations, many important aspects of our research have been and will be out of our direct control. If any of these
organizations we may engage in the future, fail to perform their obligations under our agreements with them or fail to perform
non-clinical testing and/or clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, we may face delays in completing our clinical trials, as
well as commercialization of any of our product candidates. Furthermore, any loss or delay in obtaining contracts with such entities
may also delay the completion of our clinical trials, regulatory filings and the potential market approval of our product candidates. 

Changes in healthcare
law and implementing regulations, including government restrictions on pricing and reimbursement, as well as healthcare policy,
may negatively impact our ability to generate revenues. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of proposed legislative and regulatory changes related
to the healthcare system that could affect our ability to profitably sell or commercialize our product candidates for which we
obtain marketing approval in the future. The potential pricing and reimbursement environment for our product candidates may change
in the future and become more challenging due to, among other reasons, policies advanced by the current or any new presidential
administration, federal agencies, healthcare legislation passed by Congress, or fiscal challenges faced by all levels of government
health administration authorities, or by similar changes in foreign countries. The implementation of any such changes could
have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects,
including our share price and ability to raise capital. 

We have limited experience
in drug development and may not be able to successfully develop any drugs, which would cause us to cease operations. 

We have never successfully
developed a new drug and brought it to market. Our management and clinical teams have experience in drug development, but they
may not be able to successfully develop any drugs. Our ability to achieve revenues and profitability in our business will depend
on, among other things, our ability to develop products internally or to obtain rights to them from others on favorable terms;
complete laboratory testing and human studies; obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products; successfully
complete regulatory review to obtain requisite governmental agency approvals; enter into arrangements with third parties to manufacture
our products on our behalf; and enter into arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing functions. If we are
unable to achieve these objectives, we will be forced to cease operations. 

Disruptions at the
FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain
or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized
in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to
review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability
to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review
times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that
fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

Disruptions at the FDA and
other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies,
which would harm our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018,
the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical
FDA employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability
of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could harm our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
also resulted in the FDA imposing preventive measures, including postponements of non-U.S. manufacturing and product inspections.
If global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections,
reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to
timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

21 

Our gene therapy product
candidates are still in development and will require extensive clinical testing before we are prepared to submit an application
for marketing approval to regulatory authorities. We cannot predict with any certainty if or when we might submit any such application
for regulatory approval for our product candidates or whether any such application will be approved by the applicable regulatory
authority in our target markets. Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they
are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. For instance, regulatory authorities may not agree with our proposed endpoints
for any clinical trials of our gene therapy product candidates, which may delay the commencement of our clinical trials. 

Clinical trials are
expensive, time-consuming, difficult to design and implement, and involve an uncertain outcome. 

Our product candidates are
still in development and will require extensive clinical testing before we are prepared to submit an application for marketing
approval to regulatory authorities. We cannot predict with any certainty if or when we might submit any such application for regulatory
approval for our product candidates or whether any such application will be approved by the applicable regulatory authority in
our target markets. Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject
to rigorous regulatory requirements. For instance, regulatory authorities may not agree with our proposed endpoints for any clinical
trials of our product candidates, which may delay the commencement of our clinical trials. The clinical trial process is also time-consuming.
We estimate that clinical trials of our product candidates will take at least several years to complete. 

A number of companies in
the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse
safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials, and in the regulatory approval process. In addition, the
design of a clinical trial, such as endpoints, inclusion and exclusion criteria, statistical analysis plans, data access protocols
and trial sizing, can determine whether its results will support approval of a product and flaws in the design of a clinical trial
may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced. If we experience delays in the commencement or completion of
our clinical trials, or if we terminate a clinical trial prior to completion, the commercial prospects of our product candidates
could be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues may be delayed. In addition, any delays in our clinical trials could increase
our costs, cause a drop in our stock price, slow down the approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales
and generate revenues. Further, disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that we encounter such
difficulties or delays in commencing or completing clinical trials. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Enrollment and retention
of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible
by multiple factors outside our control. 

We may encounter delays
in enrolling, or be unable to enroll, a sufficient number of patients to complete any of our clinical trials, and even once enrolled
we may be unable to retain a sufficient number of patients to complete any of our trials. Patient enrollment and retention in clinical
trials depends on many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the effectiveness
of our patient recruitment efforts, delays in enrollment due to travel or quarantine policies, or other factors, related to COVID-19,
the existing body of safety and efficacy data with respect to the study candidate, the perceived risks and benefits of gene therapy
approaches for the treatment of certain diseases, the number and nature of competing existing treatments for our target indications,
the number and nature of ongoing trials for other product candidates in development for our target indications, perceived risk
of the delivery procedure, patients with pre-existing conditions that preclude their participation in any trial, the proximity
of patients to clinical sites and the eligibility criteria for the study. Furthermore, the results we have reported in clinical
trials to date and any other results we may report in clinical trials of any of our gene therapy product candidates in the future
may make it difficult or impossible to recruit and retain patients in other clinical trials of those gene therapy product candidates.
Similarly, negative results reported by our competitors about their product candidates may negatively affect patient recruitment
in our clinical trials. Delays or failures in planned patient enrollment or retention may result in increased costs, program delays
or both, which could have a harmful effect on our ability to develop our gene therapy product candidates or could render further
development impossible. In addition, we expect to rely on clinical trial sites to ensure proper and timely conduct of our future
clinical trials and, while we intend to enter into agreements governing their services, we will be limited in our ability to control
their actual performance. 

22 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We have licensed a
significant portion of our intellectual property from our licensors. If we breach any of our license agreements with these licensors,
or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights
that are important to our business. 

We hold rights under license
agreements with our licensors that are important to our business. Our research and development platform is built, in part, around
patent rights licensed from such licensors. Under our existing license agreements, we are subject to various obligations, including
diligence obligations with respect to development and commercialization activities, provision of support with respect to development
of licensed intellectual property, prosecution of intellectual property protection, payment obligations upon achievement of certain
milestones and royalties on product sales. In spite of our efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached
our obligations under such license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing or limiting
our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If any of these licenses
are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would
have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours and we may be required to cease our
development and commercialization of product candidates covered by any such licenses. Any of the foregoing could have a material
adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Moreover, disputes may arise
regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 

the scope of rights
 granted under license agreements and other interpretation-related issues; 

payment
 obligations due to licensors under license agreements and other disputes related to the obligations
 for payment related to intellectual property protection; 

the extent to
 which our product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of a licensor that is not subject
 to a licensing agreement; 

the sublicensing
 of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence
 obligations under license agreements and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the inventorship
 and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors
 and us; and 

the priority of
 invention of patented technology. 

In addition, the agreements
under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in
such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. 

The resolution of any contract
interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual
property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover,
if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our licensing arrangements
on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

23 

If we do not obtain required
intellectual property licenses or rights, we could encounter delays in our product development efforts while we attempt to design
around other patents or even be prohibited from developing, manufacturing or selling products requiring these rights or licenses.
There is also a risk that legal disputes may arise as to the rights to technology developed in collaboration with other parties,
all with attendant risk, distraction, expense, and lack of predictability. 

If we are unable to
obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual
property protection is not sufficiently broad, our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully and to compete
effectively may be adversely affected. 

We rely upon a combination
of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and confidentiality agreements either that we own or possess or that are owned or
possessed by our licensors that are licensed to us to protect the intellectual property related to our technology and product
candidates. When we refer to our technologies, inventions, patents, provisional patents, patent applications or other
intellectual property rights, we are referring to both the rights that we own or possess as well as those that we license, many
of which are critical to our intellectual property protection and our business. For example, the product candidates and platform
technology we have licensed from our licensors are protected primarily by patent or patent applications of our licensors that we
have licensed and as confidential know-how and trade secrets. If the intellectual property that we rely on is not adequately protected,
competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have. 

The patentability of inventions
and the validity, enforceability and scope of patents in the biotechnology field is uncertain because it involves complex legal,
scientific and factual considerations, and it has in recent years been the subject of significant litigation. Moreover, the standards
applied by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and non-U.S. patent offices in granting patents are not always applied
uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of
claims allowable in biotechnology patents. 

There is no assurance that
all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications is known to us or has been found in the instances
where searching was done. We may be unaware of prior art that could be used to invalidate an issued patent or prevent a pending
patent application from issuing as a patent. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects
the validity or enforceability of a claim of one of our patents or patent applications, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found
to affect the validity or enforceability of such claim. We also may not be able to obtain full patent protection from provisional
patents for which we have sought or will seek further patent protection. As a consequence of these and other factors, our patent
applications may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates in the U.S. or in other countries. 

Even if patents have issued
or do successfully issue from patent applications, and even if these patents cover our product candidates, third parties may challenge
the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in these patents being narrowed, invalidated or held to be unenforceable.
No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court to be valid or enforceable. 

Even if unchallenged, our
patents and patent applications or other intellectual property rights may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide
exclusivity for our product candidates or prevent others from designing around our claims. The possibility exists that others will
develop products on an independent basis which have the same effect as our product candidates and which do not infringe our patents
or other intellectual property rights, or that others will design around the claims of patents that we have had issued that cover
our product candidates. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications with respect to
our product candidates is threatened, it could jeopardize our ability to commercialize our product candidates and dissuade companies
from collaborating with us. 

We may also desire to seek
a license from a third party who owns intellectual property that may be useful for providing exclusivity for our product candidates,
or for providing the ability to develop and commercialize a product candidate in an unrestricted manner. There is no guarantee
that we will be able to obtain a license from such a third party on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

24 

In addition, the United
States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of
procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse
can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations
in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete
loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. 

We and our licensors have
filed a number of patent applications covering our product candidates or methods of using or making those product candidates. We
cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will be issued with respect to these pending patent applications, the
breadth of any such patents that are ultimately issued or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or
will be threatened by third parties. Because patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period
of time after filing, and some remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any
patent application related to a product candidate. We or our licensors may also become involved in proceedings regarding our patents,
including patent infringement lawsuits, interference or derivation proceedings, oppositions, and inter partes and post-grant
review proceedings before the USPTO, the European Patent Office and other non-U.S. patent offices. 

If we are unable to
protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be negatively impacted and our business would
be harmed. 

In addition to the protection
afforded by patents we hold rights to, we also rely on trade secret protection for certain aspects of our intellectual property.
However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure
and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, consultants, independent contractors,
advisors, contract manufacturers, suppliers and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent
assignment agreements with employees and certain consultants. Any party with whom we have executed such an agreement may breach
that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we might not be able to obtain adequate
remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult,
expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets
are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. Further,
if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to
prevent such third party, or those to whom they communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information
to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, it could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Third-party claims
of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 

Our success will depend
in part on our ability to commercialize our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of others. While some
of the intellectual property utilized in our product candidates is owned, some is licensed from our licensors, who hold patents
and provisional patents in their names. We have not conducted extensive freedom of use patent searches and no assurance can be
given that patents do not exist or could be issued which would have an adverse effect on our ability to market our technology or
maintain our competitive position with respect to our technology. We also cannot be sure that patents or provisional patents filed
by others are valid or will be upheld if challenged. It is possible that there are additional patents that may cover certain other
aspects of technology used in our product candidates that is not covered by our licensed intellectual property. If our licensed
technology or other subject matter are claimed under other United States patents or other international patents or are otherwise
protected by third party proprietary rights, we or our licensors may be subject to infringement actions. In such event, we may
challenge the validity of such patents or other proprietary rights or we may be required to obtain licenses from such companies
in order to develop, manufacture or market our technology. There can be no assurances that we would be successful in a challenge
or be able to obtain such licenses or that such licenses, if available, could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore,
the failure to succeed in a challenge, develop a commercially viable alternative or obtain needed licenses could have significant
adverse consequences to the development of our pipeline. Adverse consequences include delays in marketing some or all of our product
candidates based on our technology or the inability to proceed with the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring
such licenses. If we defend ourselves against charges of patent infringement or to protect our proprietary rights against third
parties, substantial costs will be incurred regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings are typically protracted
with no certainty of success. An adverse outcome could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties and force us to curtail
or cease the research and development of our technology. 

25 

Parties making claims against
us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize
our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would
be a substantial diversion of resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may
have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign
our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time
and monetary expenditure. Additionally, parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation
more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount
of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation
and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We may not be able
to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and
defending patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual
property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition,
the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in
the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside
the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products
and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that
in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not
be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Risks Related to our
Common Stock 

Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile
and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

Our stock price has fluctuated
in the past and can be expected to be volatile in the future. From July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022, the reported sale price
of our Common Stock has fluctuated between 12.55 and 1.93 per share. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology
companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our Common Stock. The market
price of our Common Stock may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

negative publicity; 

our compliance with Nasdaq rules and
 regulations; 

the success of competitive products
 or technologies; 

regulatory actions with respect to
 our product candidates or products or our competitors product candidates or products; 

26 

actual or anticipated changes in our
 growth rate relative to our competitors; 

announcements by us or our competitors
 of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations, or capital commitments; 

results of clinical
 studies of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 

regulatory or
 legal developments in the U.S. and other countries; 

developments or
 disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

the level of expenses related to any
 of our product candidates or clinical development programs; 

the results of our efforts to in-license
 or acquire additional product candidates or products; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates
 as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

variations in our financial results
 or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

fluctuations in the valuation of companies
 perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

inconsistent trading volume levels
 of our shares; 

announcement or expectation of additional
 financing efforts; 

sales of our Common Stock by us, our
 insiders or our other stockholders; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, industry and market
 conditions; and 

the other risks described in this Risk
 Factors section. 

In addition, the stock markets
in general, and the markets for biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks in particular, have experienced significant volatility
that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our Common Stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

A significant portion of
our Common Stock is held in restricted form, and consequentially a minority of our outstanding Common Stock actively trades in
the public markets. Sales of a substantial number of such shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time.
While a large majority of such shares are unregistered and subject to volume restrictions on sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, these restrictions could be lifted if any of our stockholders ceased to be bound by such restrictions. These sales,
or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price
of our Common Stock. 

27 

We previously received
notices of failure to satisfy a continued listing rule from Nasdaq, and we may in the future fail to comply with applicable Nasdaq
rules. 

On each of October 17, 2022, November 23, 2022, and February 16, 2023, we
received a notice, or the Notices, from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), or the Rule , because we did not timely file our Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 and
our Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 with the SEC. The Rule requires listed companies to timely
file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. Today we filed our Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022, but have not
yet filed our Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and therefore we have not regained compliance
with the Rule. We were unable to file the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 and the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 by their initial deadlines, due to the reasons described in the Notifications
of Late Filing on Form 12b-25, filed with the SEC on September 29, 2022 and November 15, 2022. While we were able to file the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 within the extension period provided pursuant to SEC rules, we have not yet filed the
Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to remain
compliant with the Rule or with other Nasdaq listing requirements in the future. If we are unable to regain compliance with the Rule or
with any of the other continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our securities, which could have adverse consequences,
including a limited availability of market quotations for our securities, reduced liquidity for our securities, a limited amount of news
and analyst coverage and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Trading of our Common
Stock may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our Common Stock and make it difficult for our stockholders
to resell their shares. 

There is currently a limited
market for our Common Stock and the volume of our Common Stock traded on any day may vary significantly from one period to another.
Trading in our stock is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have
little to do with our operations or business prospects. The availability of buyers and sellers represented by this volatility could
lead to a market price for our Common Stock that is unrelated to operating performance. There is no assurance that a sufficient
market will develop in the stock, in which case it could be difficult for our stockholders to resell their stock. 

We have incurred and
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time
to public company compliance programs. 

As a public company, we
have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, which require, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect
to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC
and The Nasdaq Stock Market to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies,
including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance
practices. As a Smaller Reporting Company and Non-accelerated Filer, we are able to take advantage of certain accommodations afforded
to such companies, including being exempt from the requirement to conduct an audit of our internal controls. In the event we no
longer qualify as a Smaller Reporting Company and Non-accelerated Filer, we will lose such accommodations, which could involve
significant costs that could affect our operations. Changes in reporting requirements, the current political environment and the
potential for future regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional
compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 

The rules and regulations
applicable to public companies have substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more
time-consuming and costly. To the extent these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business
concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

Because we do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be the
sole source of potential gain for our stockholders. 

We have never declared or
paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth
and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common Stock will be the sole source of gain
for our stockholders for the foreseeable future. 

Future sales and issuances
of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional
dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We expect that significant
additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell substantial amounts
of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock in one or more transactions at prices and in a
manner, we determine from time to time. These future issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock-related securities, together with
the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, and any additional shares that may be issued in connection with acquisitions or
licenses, if any, may result in material dilution to our investors. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing
stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock.
Pursuant to our equity incentive plans, our compensation committee is authorized to grant equity-based incentive awards to our
employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Future grants of RSUs, options and other equity awards and issuances of Common
Stock under our equity incentive plans will result in dilution and may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. 

Some terms of our
charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if
an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation,
and our Bylaws, as well as Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring
us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, or remove our current management. These include terms that: 

permit our Board of Directors to issue
 up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences, and privileges as they may designate; 

provide that all vacancies on our Board
 of Directors, including as a result of newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by
 the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

provide that stockholders seeking to
 present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders
 must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s
 notice; and 

not provide for cumulative voting rights,
 thereby allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to
 elect all of the directors standing for election. 

Any of the factors listed
above may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, who are responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

In addition, because we
are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may discourage, delay
or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Under
Delaware law, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital
stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction.
Any term of our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in
control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also
affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 

29 

Risks Related To Our Business Operations
and Managing Growth 

If our operations
require a full time Chief Medical Officer CMO ), and we are not able to hire a full time CMO to manage our clinical
operations or if our current Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Chief Operating
Officer COO or key scientific personnel cease to serve, our business will be harmed. 

Currently, our management
team is led by Dr. Mark Dybul, the Chief Executive Officer, Luisa Puche, our Chief Financial Officer, and Francois Binette, our
Chief Operating Officer. If Dr. Dybul, Ms. Puche or Mr. Binette should cease to serve, our business operations may suffer. Additionally,
we may in the future require a Chief Medical Officer, and if we are unable to hire a CMO, our business operations and the continued
development of our product candidates may suffer. 

In addition, we are dependent
on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified additional management and scientific personnel. If we
are not able to retain our management and to attract, on acceptable terms, additional qualified personnel necessary for the continued
development of our business, we might not be able to sustain our operations or grow. 

We have limited corporate
infrastructure and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

As of June 30, 2022, we
had 22 full time employees. In July 2022, the Company began to streamline the organization to focus around two of its therapies
(oncology and HIV therapeutic vaccine). The Company has tailored its workforce to focus on these therapies. As of February 2023,
we have 11 full-time employees, and we rely on third-party contractors for the provision of professional, scientific, regulatory,
and other services. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we may need additional managerial, scientific,
operational, financial, and other resources. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away
from our day-to-day operations and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We might not be able
to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational inefficiencies,
loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could
require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of our
current and potential future product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may
increase more than expected and our ability to generate and grow revenue could be reduced and we might not be able to implement
our business strategy. Our future financial performance, our ability to commercialize product candidates, develop a scalable infrastructure
and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

If we, our service
providers, or third parties fail to comply with environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject
to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 

If we, our service providers,
or any third parties engaged in the development of our product candidates fail to comply with laws regulating the protection of
the environment, health and animal and human safety, we could be subject to enforcement actions and our business prospects could
be adversely affected. 

Our research and development
activities, and the research and development activities of our service providers and any third parties engaged in development of
our product candidates, may involve the use of hazardous materials and chemicals or other regulated activities. In conjunction
with our service providers and other third parties, we are also engaged in pre-clinical studies using live animals and samples
of infectious diseases. Failure to adequately handle and dispose of hazardous materials or to meet various standards imposed by
federal, state, local or foreign regulators could lead to liabilities for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We also
may be subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory
procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of bio-hazardous materials. 

30 

If we, our service providers,
or any third parties engaged in development of our product candidates fail to comply with applicable federal, state, local or foreign
laws or regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, which could adversely affect our ability to develop, market and
sell our product candidates successfully and could harm our reputation and lead to reduced acceptance of our product candidates.
These enforcement actions may include: 

restrictions on, or prohibitions against, marketing our product
 candidates; 

restrictions on importation of our product candidates; 

suspension of review or refusal to approve new or pending applications; 

suspension or withdrawal of product approvals; 

product seizures; 

injunctions; and 

civil and criminal penalties and fines. 

We rely upon information
technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cyber security incidents,
could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

Our business operations
could suffer in the event of system failure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and
those of our contract research organizations, and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to
occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs.
For example, the loss of formulas or data from completed or ongoing or planned pre-clinical studies could result in delays in our
regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption
or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, we could incur liability and further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 

Our business plan
may lead to the initiation of one or more product development programs, the discontinuation of one or more development programs,
or the execution of one or more transactions that you do not agree with or that you do not perceive as favorable to your investment
in our Common Stock. 

We are pursuing a strategy
to leverage our clinical experience and expertise for the clinical development and regulatory approval of our gene therapy product
candidates. As part of our ongoing business strategy, we continue to explore potential opportunities to acquire or license new
product candidates and to collaborate on our existing products in development. We cannot be certain that our product candidates
will be successfully developed, or that the early clinical trial results of these product candidates will be predictive of future
clinical trial results. During 2022, we decided to abandon our pan-coronavirus and influenza pipelines as the results did not support
further development. We again may determine at any time that one or more of our in-licensed product candidates is not suitable
for continued development due to cost, feasibility of obtaining regulatory approvals or any other reason, and may terminate the
related license. 

Our business plan requires
us to be successful in a number of challenging, uncertain and risky activities, including pursuing development of our gene therapy
product candidates in indications for which we have limited or no human clinical data, designing and executing a nonclinical and/or
clinical development program for our product candidates, building internal or outsourced gene therapy capabilities, converting
early stage gene therapy research efforts into clinical development opportunities, identifying additional promising new assets
for development that are available for acquisition or in-license and that fit our strategic focus and identifying potential partners
to collaborate on our products. We may not be successful at one or more of the activities required for us to execute this business
plan. In addition, we may consider other strategic alternatives, such as mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, partnerships
and collaborations. We cannot be sure when or if any type of transaction will result. Even if we pursue a transaction, such transaction
may not be consistent with our stockholders expectations or may not ultimately be favorable for our stockholders, either
in the shorter or longer term. 

31 

Our growth prospects and
the future value of our Company are primarily dependent on the progress of our ongoing and planned development programs for our
product candidates as well as the outcome of our ongoing business development efforts and pipeline progression, together with the
amount of our remaining available cash. The development of our product candidates and the outcome of our ongoing business development
efforts and pipeline are highly uncertain. We expect to continue to reassess and make changes to our existing development programs
and pipeline strategy. Our plans for our development programs may be affected by the results of competitors clinical trials
of product candidates addressing our current target indications, and our business development efforts and pipeline progression
may also be affected by the results of competitors ongoing research and development efforts. We may modify, expand or terminate
some or all of our development programs, clinical trials or collaborative research programs at any time as a result of new competitive
information or as the result of changes to our product pipeline or business development strategy. 

If serious adverse
events or other undesirable side effects or safety concerns attributable to our product candidates occur, they may adversely affect
or delay our clinical development and commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. 

Undesirable side effects
or safety concerns caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt our clinical
trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval. Although no treatment-related
serious adverse events SAEs have been observed in any clinical trials of any of our product candidates to date,
if treatment-related SAEs or other undesirable side effects or safety concerns, or unexpected characteristics attributable to our
product candidates are observed in any future clinical trials, they may adversely affect or delay our clinical development and
commercialization of the effected product candidate, and the occurrence of these events could have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial prospects. Results of our future clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence
of adverse side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or other regulatory agency could
order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related
side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential
product liability claims. 

Additionally, if any of
our product candidates receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects or
safety concerns caused by these product candidates, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw, suspend, or limit approvals of such product and require us to take them off the market; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

regulatory authorities may require a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, or that we implement a REMS or REMS-like plan to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh its risks; 

we may be required to change the way a product is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials, or change the labeling of a product; 

we may be required to conduct additional post-marketing studies or surveillance; 

we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly; 

we may be subject to regulatory investigations, 

government enforcement actions, litigation, or product liability claims; and 

our products may become less competitive, or our reputation may suffer. 

32 

Any of these events could
prevent us or any collaborators from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates or could substantially
increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating revenue from the sale of
our product candidates. 

We have no manufacturing
experience, and the failure to comply with all applicable manufacturing regulations and requirements could have a materially adverse
effect on our business. 

We have never manufactured
products in the highly regulated environment of pharmaceutical manufacturing, and our team has limited experience in the manufacture
of drug therapies. There are numerous regulations and requirements that must be maintained to obtain licensure and permitting required
prior to the commencement of manufacturing, as well as additional requirements to continue manufacturing pharmaceutical products.
In addition, we do not have the resources at this time to acquire or lease suitable facilities. If we or our CMO fail to comply
with regulations, to obtain the necessary licenses and knowhow or to obtain the requisite financing in order to comply with all
applicable regulations and to contract with, own or lease the required facilities in order to manufacture our products, we could
be forced to cease operations, which would cause you to lose all of your investment in our Common Stock. 

In addition, the FDA and
other regulatory authorities require that product candidates and drug products be manufactured according to cGMP. Any failure by
our third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP could lead to a shortage of our product candidates. In addition, such failure
could be the basis for action by the FDA to withdraw approval, if granted to us, and for other regulatory enforcement action, including
Warning Letters, product seizure, injunction or other civil or criminal penalties. 

Product candidates that
we develop may have to compete with other products and product candidates for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited
number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable of manufacturing for us and willing to do
so. If we need to find another source of drug substance or drug product manufacturing for our product candidates, we may not be
able to identify, or reach agreement with, commercial-scale manufacturers on commercially reasonably terms, or at all. If third
parties that we engage in the future to manufacture a product for commercial sale or for our clinical trials, should cease to continue
to do so for any reason, we likely would experience significant delays in obtaining sufficient quantities of product for us to
meet commercial demand or to advance our clinical trials while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers. If for any reason
we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of any product candidate that we develop, or the drug substances used to manufacture
it, it will be more difficult for us to compete effectively, generate revenue, and further develop our products. In addition, if
we are unable to assure a sufficient quantity of the drug for patients with rare diseases or conditions, we may lose any FDA Orphan
Drug designation to which the product otherwise would be entitled. 

We may, in the future,
choose to seek FDA Orphan Drug designation for one or more of our current or future CNS product candidates. Even if we obtain Orphan
Drug designation from the FDA for a product candidate, there are limitations to the exclusivity afforded by such designation. 

In the U.S., the company
that first obtains FDA approval for a designated orphan drug for the specified rare disease or condition receives orphan drug marketing
exclusivity for that drug for a period of seven years. This orphan drug exclusivity prevents the FDA from approving another application,
including a full NDA to market the same drug for the same orphan indication, except in very limited circumstances, including when
the FDA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. For purposes of small
molecule drugs, the FDA defines same drug as a drug that contains the same active moiety and is intended for the
same use as the drug in question. To obtain Orphan Drug status for a drug that shares the same active moiety as an already approved
drug, it must be demonstrated to the FDA that the drug is safer or more effective than the approved orphan designated drug, or
that it makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity
if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, orphan drug
exclusive marketing rights in the U.S. may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially
defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare
disease or condition or if another drug with the same active moiety is determined to be safer, more effective, or represents a
major contribution to patient care. 

33 

1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company currently leases the following properties: 

Location 
 
 Use 
 
 Terms 
 
 5901 W. Olympic Blvd, Suite 419 Los Angeles, CA 90036 
 
 Physical office space 
 
 On November 13, 2017, the Company entered into a Lease Agreement for a term of five years and two months from November 1, 2017. The Leased Premises consist of approximately 2,325 rentable square feet. The base rent for such leased premises increases by 3 each year over the term, and ranges from approximately 8,719 per month for the first year to 10,107 per month for the two months of the sixth year. The Company was entitled to 70,800 in tenant improvement allowance in the form of free rent applied over 10 months in equal installments from January 2018. The lease was terminated early without penalties or additional costs as of September 30, 2022. 

1927 Paseo Rancho Castilla, Los Angeles, CA 90032 
 
 Headquarters 
 
 As of August 26, 2022, the Company entered into a short-term lease with option to extend at the new premier incubator, LA BioSpace on the California State University, Los Angeles campus located at 1927 Paseo Rancho Castilla, Los Angeles, CA 90032. 

2080 Century Park East, Suite 906 Los Angeles, CA 90067 

The Company entered into a Lease Agreement on June 19, 2018 for our corporate headquarters located at Century City Medical Plaza. We have a ten-year lease that was for approximately 2,453 square feet at this location. In February 2019, we extended our corporate headquarters to encompass the adjoining suite for approximately 1,101 square feet, bringing the total workspace to 3,554 square feet. The new base rent for this leased premises increases by 3 each year over the term, and ranges from 17,770 per month as of the date of the amendment until the end of the first year to 23,186 per month for the tenth year. The additional suite was in the form of an amendment to the original lease and will expire on the same date as the original lease. The Company was entitled to a total of 148,168 in contributions toward tenant improvements for both spaces. On June 25, 2022, the Company subleased the 3,554 square feet for a period of 3.5 years with an option to renew for the remaining term of the lease that ends as of June 19, 2028. The base rent is 17,770 per month and will increase by 3 each year over the term of the sub-lease. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Securities Class Action Litigation . On
July 26, 2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints were filed by purported stockholders of ours in the United
States District Court for the Central District of California against us and certain of our current and former officers and directors.
The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact in connection
with the Company s relationship with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects. The complaints seek unspecified
damages, interest, fees, and costs. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaints. 

34 

Federal Derivative Litigation . On September
22, 2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California. On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar shareholder derivative action in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities
Class Action Litigation. The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s
current and former directors as defendants. The actions also name the Company as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations
of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution
and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages,
disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United States District Court for the Central
District of California stayed the Koenig matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the
Securities Class Action Litigation. The defendants have not yet responded to either complaint. 

State Derivative Litigation . On October
20, 2022, Susan Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting
similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company,
names Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The action
also names the Company as a nominal defendant. The action sets out claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification,
aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement,
restitution, and other costs and expenses. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint
in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat G mr kc , William
Anderson Wittekind, G Tech Bio LLC, SG AW Holdings LLC, and Seraph Research Institute. The Complaint alleges that the defendants
engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify, and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies
supporting its [Hepatitis B] and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results
to reflect positive outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies out of whole cloth. As a result of the defendants 
conduct, the Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise
have paid. The defendants have not yet answered the allegations set forth in the Company s Complaint. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company received a
demand letter on behalf of Weird Science LLC Weird Science ), William Anderson Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind
2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson Wittekind 2021 Annuity Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021
Annuity Trust alleging that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between the Company, Weird Science,
and RS Group ApS. Specifically, the demand letter alleges that the Company breached its obligations under the Investor Rights
Agreement to provide the requisite thirty days notice to Holders of Registrable Securities in connection with SEC
Form S-3 filings on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022 and demands over 64 million in damages. The Company denies these allegations
and intends to vigorously defend against this claim. 

On March 1, 2021, former Enochian BioSciences
Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District
of Vermont against the Company, Enochian BioSciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the Complaint, Mr. Wolfe
and Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that the Company lacked
probable cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages, as well as punitive
damages. The allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by the Company and Enochian BioSciences Denmark ApS
in the Vermont Superior Court, Orange Civil Division. 

On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted
the Company s motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark
Dybul and Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen. On November 29, 2022, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment with respect
to the sole remaining claim of malicious prosecution. The Company denies the allegations set forth in the Complaint and will continue
to vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information and Holders of our Common
Stock 

Our Common Stock trades
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ENOB . 

As of February 27, 2023, the Company had 55,705,521 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and approximately 190 stockholders of record.
The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners
but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Company Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Dividends 

The Company has not declared
or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future.
The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on the Company s earnings, if any,
its capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board may consider. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, and the related
notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. In addition to the historical financial information, the following
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Our Business 

Enochian
BioSciences Inc. is a biotechnology company committed to developing advanced allogeneic cell and gene therapies to promote stronger
immune system responses potentially for long-term or life-long cancer remission in some of the deadliest cancers, and potentially
to treat or cure serious infectious diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. 

36 

To date, our operations
have been funded by sales of our securities and debt financing. We have never generated any sales revenue and we expect this to
continue until our therapies or products are approved for marketing in the United States and/or Europe. Even if we are successful
in having our therapies or products approved for sale in the United States and/or Europe, we cannot guarantee that a market for
the therapies or products will develop. We may never be profitable. 

Recent Developments 

On July 15, 2022, certain of our warrant holders exercised warrants to purchase
1,250,000 shares of Common Stock for total proceeds to the Company of 1,625,000, with corresponding earn-out distribution in the same
amount in connection with the acquisition of Enochian BioPharma, Inc., which was distributed on October 12, 2022, based on the share price
on that date of 2.21. This non-cash transaction impacted stockholders equity in the amount of 2,762,500 (see Note 11 of the Financial
Statements.) 

Subsequent to June 30, 2022, the Company became
involved in a number of legal proceedings. Please see above Item 3 - Legal Proceedings for details of such matters. 

Regaining Compliance with Nasdaq Listing Requirements 

On each of October 17, 2022,
November 23, 2022, and February 16, 2022, we received a notice, or the Notices, from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq
stating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), or the Rule , because we did not timely file our Form
10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 and our Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 with the
SEC. The Rule requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. Today we filed our
Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 but have not yet filed our Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 nor
December 31, 2022, and therefore we have not regained compliance with the Rule. We were unable to file the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period ended June 30, 2022 and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2022 and December
31, 2022 by their initial deadlines, due to the reasons described in the Notifications of Late Filing on Form 12b-25, filed with
the SEC on September 29, 2022 and November 15, 2022. While we were able to file the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
June 30, 2022 within the extension period provided pursuant to Nasdaq rules, we have not yet filed the Form 10-Q for the periods
ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with
the Rule or with other Nasdaq listing requirements in the future. 

If we are unable to regain
compliance with the Rule or with any of the other continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our securities,
which could have adverse consequences, including a limited availability of market quotations for our securities, reduced liquidity
for our securities, a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 

Going Concern and Management s Plans 

The financial statements included elsewhere herein
for the year ended June 30, 2022, were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business. As of June
30, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 9,172,142, an accumulated deficit of 204,345,197, and total liabilities of 12,013,815. We have incurred losses from continuing operations, have used cash in our continuing operations, and are dependent
on additional financing to fund operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
for one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The financial statements included elsewhere herein do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

37 

Management has reduced overhead and administrative
costs by streamlining the organization to focus around two of its therapies (oncology and HIV therapeutic vaccine). The Company
has tailored its workforce to focus on these therapies. In addition, management has extended its 1.2 million convertible notes
12 months out to be payable on February 28, 2024, and the Company intends to attempt to secure additional required funding through
equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain any sources of funding. Such
additional funding may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions,
could result in significant additional dilution to our stockholders. If we do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding,
our cash resources will be depleted and we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have
a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships,
at least until additional funding is obtained. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required
to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment
in us. 

Funding that we may receive during fiscal 2023
is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, to support commercialization
of our products and conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates, and to begin building working capital
reserves. 

COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues
to evolve. COVID-19 may cause delays in our research activities. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially affected our
operations. However, it has caused delays in the conduct of experiments due to limitations in resources and supply chain issues,
in particular for those conducting experiments. There have also been increases in the cost to conduct animal studies due to staffing
and other limitations. 

The full extent to which
the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business and operations is subject to future developments, which are uncertain and difficult
to predict. 

We continue to monitor the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations and will seek to adjust our activities as appropriate. 

38 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the year ended June 30,
2021. 

The following table sets
forth our revenues, expenses and net income for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. The financial information below is derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 
 Increase/(Decrease) 

2022 
 
 2021 

Operating Expenses 

General
and administrative 

14,329,801 

7,557,990 

6,771,811 

90 

Research
and development 

8,372,800 

15,720,262 

(7,347,461) 

(47) 
 
 Indefinite life intangible assets impairment charge 

93,253,000 

93,253,000 

100 

Depreciation and amortization 

123,590 

123,535 

55 

0 

Total Operating Expenses 

116,079,191 

23,401,787 

92,677,404 

396 

LOSS
FROM OPERATIONS 

(116,079,191) 

(23,401,787) 

(92,677,404) 

(396) 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

2,896,627 

(3,048,033) 

5,944,660 

(195) 
 
 Interest expense 

(372,844) 

(379,608) 

6,764 

(2) 
 
 Gain (loss) on currency transactions 

9 

(32,634) 

32,643 

(100) 
 
 Interest
and other income 

122,041 

13,179 

108,862 

826 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

2,645,833 

(3,447,096) 

6,092,929 

(177) 
 
 Loss Before Income 

Taxes 

(113,433,358) 

(26,848,883) 

(86,584,475) 

322 

Income Tax (Expense) 

Benefit 

(34) 

125,276 

(125,310) 

(100) 
 
 NET LOSS 

(113,433,392) 

(26,723,607) 

(86,709,785) 

324 

39 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 
 Increase/(Decrease) 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net Loss 

(113,433,392) 

(26,723,607) 

(86,709,785) 

(324) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign Currency Translation, net of taxes 

(19,602) 

30,582 

(50,184) 

(164) 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

(113,452,994) 

(26,693,025) 

(86,759,969) 

(325) 

Revenues 

We are a pre-clinical stage
pre-revenue biotechnology company. We have never generated revenues and have incurred losses since inception. We do not anticipate
earning any revenues until our therapies or products are approved for marketing and sale. 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses for
the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 were 116,079,191 and 23,401,787, respectively, representing an increase of 92,677,404
or 396 . The largest contributors to the increase in operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022, were the non-cash intangible
asset impairment of 93,253,000 (see Note 4 to the Financial Statements) and the increase in general and administrative expenses
of 6,771,811 partially offset by the decrease in research and development expenses of 7,347,462 compared to the year ended June
30, 2021. 

General and administrative
expenses for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, were 14,329,801 and 7,557,990, respectively, representing an increase of
 6,771,811, or 90 . The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily related to increases of 4,045,804 in stock-based
compensation, 1,485,613 in salaries and related costs, 353,853 related to recruiting expenses, and 351,928 in legal fees. 

Research and development
expenses for the years ended June 30, 2022, and 2021, were 8,372,800 and 15,720,262, respectively, representing a decrease of
 7,347,461 or 47 . The decrease in research and development expenses is primarily related to 10,760,000 in fees related to the
Coronavirus and Influenza License Agreement that was incurred in the prior period. The decrease was partially offset by increases
in costs with CDMO and CRO partners totaling 3,093,160. 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Net other income (expenses)
for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was 2,645,833 and (3,447,096), respectively, representing an increase of 6,092,929
or 177 . The increase in other income was due primarily to the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration in the
amount of 5,944,660, which resulted from the mark to market adjustment on the remaining contingent consideration liability and
the contingent shares issued during the period. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the years ended
June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 was 113,433,392 and 26,723,607, respectively, representing an increase in net loss of 86,709,785
or 324 . The increase in net loss was primarily due to the non-cash intangible asset impairment of 93,253,000, and 6,771,811
increase in general and administrative expenses, offset by a decrease in research and development costs of 7,347,462 and an approximate
increase in the change in fair value of contingent consideration of 5,944,660. 

40 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have historically satisfied
our capital and liquidity requirements through funding from stockholders, the sale of our Common Stock and warrants, and debt financing.
We have never generated any sales revenue to support our operations and we expect this to continue until our therapies or products
are approved for marketing in the United States and/or Europe. Even if we are successful in having our therapies or products approved
for sale in the United States and/or Europe, we cannot guarantee that a market for the therapies or products will develop. We may
never be profitable. 

As noted above under the
heading Going Concern and Management s Plans, through June 30, 2022, we have incurred substantial losses. We
may need additional funds for (a) research and development, (b) increases in personnel, and (c) the purchase of equipment, specifically
to advance towards an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) following Pre-IND readouts from the FDA for ENOB-DC11, ENOB-HV-12,
ENOB-HV-01, ENOB-HV-21 and ENOB-HB-01. The availability of any required additional funding cannot be assured. In addition, an adverse
outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are currently involved or in the future may be involved could adversely
affect our liquidity and financial position. If additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through
public or private sales of our equity or debt securities. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and
our failure to raise capital when needed could materially adversely affect our growth plans and our financial condition and results
of operations. 

As of June 30, 2022, the
Company had 9,172,142 in cash and working capital of 3,114,170 as compared to 20,664,410 in cash and working capital of 19,013,100
as of June 30, 2021. The decrease in cash of 11,492,268 is primarily due to the cost of operations primarily related to general
and administrative expenses of 8,715,609, net of non-cash items, in addition to research and development costs of 8,372,800,
 partially offset by funding totaling 4,811,312 related to drawdowns from
the LPC equity line, and the exercise of warrants and options during the period. 

Equity 

On July 8, 2020, we entered
into a purchase agreement (the LPC Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, LPC ),
pursuant to which LPC is committed to buy, and we had the right, but not the obligation, to sell to LPC up to an aggregate of 20,000,000
of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the LPC Purchase Agreement, including a limitation
on the number of shares of Common Stock we can put to LPC and the pricing parameters for the sales. For the year ended June 30,
2022, the Company issued 497,340 shares of Common Stock for proceeds of 4,676,399 (see Note 8 of the Financial Statements.) As
of October 17, 2022, we no longer have access to this Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to a private placement
offering, the Company issued 1,275,719 shares of Common Stock resulting in proceeds of 5,000,800. The Company effected the issuances
of the shares of Common Stock from March 15, 2021 to June 9, 2021. The private placement was made directly by the Company in reliance
upon Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. No underwriter or placement agent was engaged by the Company for this private
placement (see Note 8 of the Financial Statements.) 

On June 14, 2021, the Company
and certain institutional investors entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell to such investors an aggregate of 3,866,668 shares of Common Stock, in a registered direct
offering, for gross proceeds of approximately 29 million (the Financing ). The purchase price for each share of Common
Stock was 7.50. The Company agreed not to issue or enter into any agreement to issue Common Stock from June 14, 2021 until ninety
(90) days after the closing of the Financing. The Company entered into a letter agreement dated June 14, 2021 (the Letter
Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, as exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent ), pursuant
to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as the exclusive placement agent for the Financing. The Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent an aggregate fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds raised in the Financing. The Company also agreed to pay the Placement
Agent certain expenses. The Company paid 2,090,000 in commissions and incurred offering expenses, and issuance costs of 66,011,
resulting in net proceeds of 26,843,999 in connection with the Financing. The Financing closed on June 16, 2021 (see Note 8 of
the Financial Statements.) 

41 

Warrant Exercises 

For the year ended June
30, 2021, the Company issued 63,122 shares of Common Stock for total proceeds of 82,056 upon the exercise of warrants. On December
24, 2021, certain of our warrant holders exercised warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock for total proceeds to the
Company of 130,000. 

Debt 

On February 6, 2020, the
Company issued two Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes to Paseco APS (the Holder ), a Danish limited
company and an existing stockholder of the Company each with a face value amount of 600,000, convertible into shares of Common
Stock. The Holder did not exercise the conversion feature that expired on February 6, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of
the Convertible Notes was due and payable on February 6, 2023. Interest on the Convertible Notes commenced accruing on the date
of issuance at six percent (6 per annum, computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months, and is compounded monthly on the final
day of each calendar month based upon the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding as of such compound date. The
interest was payable in cash on a semi-annual basis. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the interest expense amounted
to 72,875 and 72,967, respectively. Effective December 30, 2022, Company amended and restated the Convertible Notes (the Amended
and Restated Secured Notes ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Secured Notes, the due date was extended to February 28,
2024, and the interest was increased to twelve percent (12 per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of
amendment through the issuance of 198,439 shares of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that
date, of 1.03, which included 29,419 shares for interest accrued through December 30, 2022, and the obligations of the Company
under the Amended and Restated Secured Notes were secured by a security Agreement (the Security Agreement ). (see
Note 6 to the Financial Statements.) 

On March 30, 2020 (the Issuance
Date ), the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000 (the Promissory Note to
the Holder . The principal amount of the Promissory Note was payable on November 30, 2021, and bore interest at a
fixed rate of 6 per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of issuance through the issuance of 188,485 shares
of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date, valued at 501,370. On February 11, 2021, the
Company and the Holder amended the original Promissory Note to extend the maturity date to November 30, 2022. The Company prepaid
in full all accrued interest from November 30, 2021 to the new maturity date November 30, 2022, through the issuance of 74,054
shares of Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date, valued at 299,178. On May 17, 2022, the Company entered
into a second amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the maturity date out to November 30, 2023 and increased the interest
rate from 6 to 12 per annum. The Company prepaid six months of interest through May 31, 2023, through issuance of 47,115 shares
of Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date, valued at 299,178. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained
the same. Effective December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment to the Promissory Note. Pursuant to the third
amendment, the Company s obligations under the Promissory Note were secured by the Security Agreement. (see Note 6 to the
Financial Statements.) 

To secure the Company s
obligations under each of the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement
with the Holder, pursuant to which the Company granted a lien on all assets of the Company (the Collateral for the
benefit of the Holder. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and Promissory Note, respectively)
the Holder may, among other things, collect or take possession of the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security
interest in the Collateral or sell, lease or dispose of the Collateral. 

Cash Flows 

Year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the year ended June 30,
2021 

42 

Following is a summary of
the Company s cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

(15,732,336) 

(20,610,723) 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

(5,156) 

(48,892) 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

4,250,464 

32,601,553 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

(5,240) 

26,111 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

(11,492,268) 

11,968, 049 

At June 30, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of 9,172,142, a decrease of 11,492,268, when compared to the June 30, 2021 balance of 20,664,410.
This decrease was primarily due to cash used in operating activities, partially offset by cash provided by financing activities. 

We plan to use our cash
and cash equivalents to fund research and development, specifically to open an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) following
Pre-IND readouts from the FDA (the first step in the drug review process by the FDA) for ENOB-DC11, ENOB-HV-12, ENOB-HV-01, ENOB-HV-21
and ENOB-HB-01. These activities will require an increase in selling, general and administrative costs, and research and development
costs to support the expected growth. As additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public
or private sales of our equity or debt securities. 

Cash
used in operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing
and financing activities. Operating cash flow is derived by adjusting our net income for non-cash items and changes in operating
assets and liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was 15,732,336
and 20,610,723, respectively, representing a decrease of 4,878,387. The decrease is primarily related to the increase in our
net loss as adjusted for non-cash items, and by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 1,415,111. 

Net cash used in investing
activities for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was (5,156) and (48,892), respectively, representing a decrease of 43,736.
The decrease is primarily due to less purchases of equipment in the current year. 

Net cash provided by
financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was 4,250,464 and 32,601,553, respectively, representing a
decrease of 28,351,089. The net cash provided by financing activities in the current year consists primarily of 4,676,399 in
proceeds from issuance of Common Stock related to equity line draws. The prior year net cash from financing activities primarily
consisted of 26,843,998 of net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock as part of a direct offering, 5,000,800 of proceeds from
the issuance of Common Stock through a private placement, and 1,221,350 of proceeds from issuance of Common Stock related to equity
line draws. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of June 30, 2022, and
2021, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. We are not aware of any material transactions which are not disclosed in our consolidated
financial statements. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. On an on-going
basis, we evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. Our most critical accounting estimates are detailed below, and
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Intangible Assets - The
Company has both definite and indefinite life intangible assets. 

43 

Definite life intangible
assets relate to patents. The Company accounts for definite life intangible assets in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets .
Intangible assets are recorded at cost. Patent costs capitalized consist of costs incurred to acquire the underlying patent. If
it is determined that a patent will not be issued, the related remaining capitalized patent costs are charged to expense. Definite
life intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of patents
is twenty years from the date of application. 

Indefinite life intangible
assets include license agreements and goodwill acquired in a business combination. The Company accounts for indefinite life intangible
assets in accordance with ASC 350. License agreement costs represent the fair value of the license agreement on the date acquired
and are tested annually for impairment. 

Goodwill - Goodwill
is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually as of June 30 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

Impairment of Goodwill
and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one level
below the operating segment level. Our detailed impairment testing involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to
its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value reflects the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential
sale of the reporting unit and is based on discounted cash flows or relative market-based approaches. If the carrying value of
the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we record an impairment loss for such excess. The annual fair value analysis performed
on goodwill supported that goodwill is not impaired as of June 30, 2022 (see Note 4 to the financial statements.) 

For indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as licenses acquired as an In-Process
Research and Development IPR D asset, on an annual basis we determine the fair value of the asset and record an impairment
loss, if any, for the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the carrying value
of the licenses acquired as an IPR D asset exceeded its fair value, due to changes in the projected economic benefits to be realized
from these assets. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 93,253,000 during the year ended June 30, 2022 (see Note 4 to
the financial statements.) 

The carrying value of IPR D
and goodwill at June 30, 2022, were 61,571,000 and 11,640,000, respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments - The Company accounts for fair value measurements for financial assets and financial liabilities in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement. Under the authoritative guidance, fair value is defined as the exit price, representing
the amount that would either be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the guidance established
a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1. Observable inputs such as
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2. Inputs, other than quoted
 prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level 3. Unobservable
 inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

There were no assets that
use Level 1, 2 or 3 inputs, nor any liabilities that use Level 1 or 2 inputs as of June 30, 2022. 

Liabilities that use Level
3 inputs held as of June 30, 2022 consisted of a contingent consideration liability related to the February 16, 2018 acquisition
of Enochian BioPharma Inc. (the Acquisition ). As consideration for the Acquisition, the stockholders of Enochian
Biopharma received (i) 18,081,962 shares of common stock, and (ii) the right to receive contingent shares pro rata upon the exercise
of warrants, which were outstanding at closing. The contingent consideration liability was recorded at fair value of 21,516,000
at the time of the Acquisition and is subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date. At June 30, 2022, 1,250,000
contingent shares are issuable in connection with the Acquisition. 

44 

The fair value of the contingent
consideration liability is estimated using an option-pricing model. The key inputs to the model are all contractual or observable
with the exception being volatility, which is computed based on the value of the Company s underlying stock. The key inputs
to valuing the contingent consideration liability on the date of acquisition and as of June 30, 2022 include the Company s
stock price, the exercise price of the warrants of 1.30 per share, the risk-free rate, the expected volatility of the Company s
common stock and the digital call rate. The fair value measurements are highly sensitive to changes in these inputs and significant
changes in these inputs could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value (see Note 1 to the Financial Statements.) 

Stock-Based Compensation
- The Company has granted stock options, restricted share units RSUs and warrants to certain employees, officers,
directors, and consultants. The Company accounts for options in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation . Stock based compensation costs for the vesting of options and RSUs granted to certain employees,
officers, directors, and consultants for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 were 5,490,602 and 1,444,798, respectively (see
Note 8 to the Financial Statements). 

The Company recognizes
compensation costs for stock option awards to employees, officers and directors based on their grant-date fair value. The value
of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions
used to estimate the fair value of the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are the expected term
of the award, the underlying stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield. 

The Company records stock-based
compensation for services received from non-employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation Non-Employees .
All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted
for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. Equity instruments issued to consultants and the cost of the services received as consideration are measured
and recognized based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued and are recognized over the consultants required
service period, which is generally the vesting period (see Note 8 to the Financial Statements.) 

Recently Enacted Accounting Standards 

For a description of recent
accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements,
see Note 1: Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

The Registrant is a smaller reporting company
and is not required to provide this information. 

45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-10 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Enochian
Biosciences, Inc.: 

Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Enochian Biosciences, Inc. the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30,
2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company has an indefinite-lived
intangible asset related to an acquired license treated as an in-process research and development asset IPR D ). As
of June 30, 2022, the carrying value of the asset is 61,571,000, post an impairment charge of 93,253,000 taken during the year. To
assess the carrying value of the IPR D asset for impairment, management estimated the fair value of IPR D on its elected assessment
date of June 30, 2022, using a multi-period excess earnings method, which is a specific discounted cash flow method. The determination
of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates including, but not limited to, the discount rate used in the model,
the total addressable market for each potential drug, market penetration assumptions, and for the estimated timing of commercialization
of the drugs. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the IPR D. 

F- 2 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in
the Audit 

We identified the impairment testing of the
IPR D asset as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes related to determining
the fair value of the IPR D asset. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing
audit procedures to evaluate such significant estimates and assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Our audit procedures related to the following: 

Tested
 and evaluated the methods, data and significant assumptions used in developing the IPR D
 fair value. 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness and consistency of the selected valuation methodology and assumptions
 utilized by the Company including the Company s intent and ability to carry out a particular
 course of action. 

Identified
 significant assumptions used by the Company and evaluated each assumption used to develop
 the estimate, both individually and in combination with other significant assumptions. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the fair value estimate. 

Evaluated
 the changes to the valuation model from the prior year including changes related to data
 inputs and significant assumptions used. 

Developed
 an independent expectation for comparison to the Company s estimate of fair value of
 the IPR D asset. 

Evaluated
 evidence from events or transactions occurring after the measurement date of June 30, 2022,
 related to the accounting estimate. 

In addition, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized
by the Firm to assist in the performance of these procedures. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As of June 30, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill
was 11,640,000. As described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually at
the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than it s carrying amount. To assess the carrying value of the goodwill for impairment, management estimated the fair
value of goodwill on its elected assessment date of June 30, 2022, using a discounted cash flow model. The determination of the fair value
requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in
the Audit 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment
analysis for goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes in determining
the fair value of the goodwill. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit
procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of such estimates and assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

 Our audit procedures related to the following: 

F- 3 

Tested
 and evaluated the methods, data and significant assumptions used in developing the fair value
 of goodwill. 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness and consistency of the selected valuation methodology and assumptions
 utilized by the Company including the Company s intent and ability to carry out a particular
 course of action. 

Identified
 significant assumptions used by the Company and evaluated each assumption used to develop
 the estimate, both individually and in combination with other significant assumptions. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the fair value estimate. 

Evaluated
 the changes to the valuation model from the prior year including changes related to data
 inputs and significant assumptions used. 

Developed
 an independent expectation for comparison to the Company s estimate of fair value of
 goodwill. 

Evaluated
 evidence from events or transactions occurring after the measurement date of June 30, 2022,
 related to the accounting estimate. 

In addition, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized
by the Firm to assist in the performance of these procedures. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

February 27, 2023 

F- 4 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaids and other assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

OTHER ASSETS 

Definite life intangible assets, net 

Indefinite life intangible
assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deposits and other assets 

Operating lease rights-of-use assets 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration liability 

Convertible notes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Contingent consideration liability 

Convertible notes payable 

Notes payable, net 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the
 Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Research and development 

Indefinite life intangible
 assets impairment charge 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Change in fair value
 of contingent consideration 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on currency
 transactions 

Interest
 and other income 

Total Other Income
 (Expenses) 

Loss Before Income
 Taxes 

Income
 Tax (Expense) Benefit 

NET
 LOSS 

BASIC
 AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign currency translation, net of taxes 

() 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and June
30, 2021 

#
 of Shares 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance June 30, 2020 

Issuance of commitment shares related
 to LPC purchase agreement 

Stock issued pursuant to warrants exercised 

Contingent shares issued pursuant to acquisition
 agreement 

Shares issued pursuant to 2021 private
 placement 

Shares issued in lieu of interest on 5
 million notes payable extension 

Shares issued pursuant to LPC purchase
 agreement 

Shares issued pursuant to direct offering,
 net of issuance costs 

Shares issued for fully vested RSUs 

Restricted shares converted to shares
 for services rendered 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Balance June 30, 2021 

Stock issued pursuant to warrants exercised 

Contingent shares issued pursuant to acquisition
 agreement 

Shares issued in lieu of interest on 5
 million notes payable extension 

Shares issued pursuant to LPC purchase
 agreement 

Shares issued for fully vested RSUs 

Shares issued pursuant to options exercised 

Restricted shares converted to shares
 for services rendered 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency
 translation loss 

Balance June 30,
 2022 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the
 Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE
 NET LOSS TO NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES : 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in fair value
 of contingent consideration 

Non-cash stock-based
 compensation expense 

Indefinite life intangible
 assets impairment charge 

Amortization of discount
 on note payable 

Loss on disposal of
 fixed assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses/deposits 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Operating leases,
 net 

Accrued
 expenses 

NET
 CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property
 and equipment 

NET
 CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments of finance agreement 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Proceeds from 2021 private placement 

Proceeds from direct offering, net of
 issuance costs 

Proceeds from LPC
 equity agreement 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Effect of exchange
 rates on cash 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE)
 IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING
 OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION 

Cash Paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
 OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Contingent Shares issued pursuant to Acquisition
 Agreement 

Shares issued in lieu of interest expense
 on note payable 

Finance agreement entered into in exchange
 for prepaid assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 11 

ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of June 30, 2022. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon (i) its ability to successfully obtain FDA approval of its product candidates,
(ii) its ability to obtain any necessary debt and/or equity financing, and (iii) its ability to generate profits from the Company s
future operations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

from general and administrative expenses to research
and development expenses. 

and
 shares of Common Stock, respectively, remain contingently issuable in connection with the acquisition of Enochian BioPharma
in February 2018 (the Contingent Shares ). 

Enochian Biosciences Denmark
ApS, a Danish corporation was incorporated on April 1, 2001 Enochian Denmark ). On February 12, 2014, in accordance
with the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired Enochian Denmark and it became a 100 owned subsidiary
of the Registrant subject to 185,053 shares of common stock of the Registrant held in escrow according to Danish law (the Escrow
Shares ). As of June 30, 2022, there are Escrow Shares remaining (see Note 8). 

and , respectively. The Company had balances
held in financial institutions in Denmark and in the United States in excess of federally insured amounts at June 30, 2022 and
2021 of , and , respectively. 

during the year ended June 30, 2022 (see Note 4.) 

The carrying value of IPR D
and goodwill at June 30, 2022, were and , respectively. 

Rent expense for operating
leases is recognized on a straight-line basis, unless the operating lease right-of-use assets have been impaired, over the reasonably
assured lease term based on the total lease payments and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. For operating leases that reflect impairment, the Company will recognize the amortization of the operating
lease right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term with rent expense still included in general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company has elected
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components. The Company s non-lease components are primarily
related to property maintenance, insurance and taxes, which vary based on future outcomes, and thus are recognized in general and
administrative expenses when incurred (see Note 5.) 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. Because of the net
loss for each of years ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, dilutive shares for both periods were excluded from the diluted EPS
calculation, as the effect of these potential shares of Common Stock is anti-dilutive. The Company had and 
potential shares of Common Stock excluded from the diluted EPS calculation for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the right to receive contingent shares pro rata upon the exercise of warrants,
which were outstanding at closing. The contingent consideration liability was recorded at fair value of at the time
of the Acquisition and is subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date. At June 30, 2022, contingent
shares are issuable in connection with the Acquisition. 

The fair value of the contingent
consideration liability is estimated using an option-pricing model. The key inputs to the model are all contractual or observable
with the exception being volatility, which is computed, based on the Company s underlying stock. The key inputs to valuing
the contingent consideration liability on the date of acquisition and as of June 30, 2022, include the Company s stock price
on the valuation date of ; the exercise price of the warrants of , the risk-free rate of , the expected volatility
of the Company s Common Stock of , and the digital call rate of . Fair Value measurements are highly sensitive to
changes in these inputs and significant changes in these inputs could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value. 

Unless otherwise disclosed,
the fair value of the Company s financial instruments including cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable,
accrued expenses, and notes payable approximate their recorded values due to their short-term nature. 

The following table sets
forth the liabilities at June 30, 2022 and 2021, which are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by
level of input within the fair value hierarchy. As required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement: 

The roll forward of the contingent consideration
 liability is as follows: 

Balance June 30, 2021 

Contingent Shares issued pursuant to the
 Acquisition Agreement 

Fair value adjustment 

Balance June 30, 2022 

and , respectively (see Note 8). 

and for the years
ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 
and an accumulated deficit of 204,345,198 .
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the
date the financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue in existence. Management intends to raise additional funds for (a) research and development, (b)
increases in personnel, and (c) the purchase of equipment, specifically to advance the Company s potential products through
the regulatory process. We may raise such funds from time to time through public or private sales of our equity or debt securities.
Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could materially
adversely affect our growth plans and our financial condition and results of operations. 

- 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures,
 and equipment 
 - 

Total 

Less accumulated
 depreciation 

Net Property and
 Equipment 

Depreciation expense amounted to and
 for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company disposed of property and equipment with a net book
value totaling resulting in a loss on disposal of . 

and , respectively. The patents are recorded at cost and amortized over twenty years from the date of application.
Amortization expense for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

At June 30, 2022 and 2021,
indefinite life intangible assets consisted of a license agreement classified as In-Process Research and Development IPR D intangible assets, which are not amortizable until the intangible assets provide economic benefit, and goodwill. 

At June 30, 2022 and 2021,
definite-life and indefinite-life intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Years 

Less Accumulated
 Amortization 

Net
 Definite-Life Intangible Assets 

Indefinite Life Intangible
 Assets 

License Agreement 

Goodwill 

Total
 Indefinite Life Intangible Assets 

Expected future amortization expense is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

During February 2018, the
Company acquired a License Agreement (as licensee) to the HIV therapy being developed as ENOB-HV-01 which consists of a perpetual,
fully paid-up, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and sole and exclusive worldwide license to research, develop, use, sell, have sold,
make, have made, offer for sale, import and otherwise commercialize certain intellectual property in cellular therapies for the
prevention, treatment, amelioration of and/or therapy exclusively for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating
to HIV in humans. Because the HIV License Agreement is considered an IPR D intangible asset, it is classified as an indefinite
life asset that is tested annually for impairment. 

Impairment Following
the fourth quarter of each year, management performs its annual test of impairment of intangible assets by performing a quantitative
assessment and determines if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is greater than or equal to the carrying
value of the asset. The results of the quantitative assessment indicated that the carrying value of the licenses acquired as an
IPR D asset exceeded its fair value, due to the sublicensing of ENOB HV-01, which required a different valuation approach and
the significant decrease in our market capitalization value. Therefore, an impairment adjustment of was recorded as
of June 30, 2022. 

The Company subleased the space as of June 25, 2022 (see subsection below Sublease Agreement 
for details.) 

The Company identified and
assessed the following significant assumptions in recognizing the right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities: 

Expected lease term
 The expected lease term includes both contractual lease periods and, when applicable, cancelable option periods
when it is reasonably certain that the Company would exercise such options. The Company s leases have remaining lease terms
between 6 months and 62 months. As of June 30, 2022, the weighted-average remaining term is years. 

Incremental borrowing
rate The Company s lease agreements do not provide an implicit rate. As the Company does not have any external
borrowings for comparable terms of its leases, the Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate based on the U.S. Treasury
Yield Curve rate that corresponds to the length of each lease. This rate is an estimate of what the Company would have to pay if
borrowing on a collateralized basis over a similar term in an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment.
As of June 30, 2022, the weighted-average discount rate is . 

Lease and non-lease
components In certain cases the Company is required to pay for certain additional charges for operating costs,
including insurance, maintenance, taxes, and other costs incurred, which are billed based on both usage and as a percentage of
the Company s share of total square footage. The Company determined that these costs are non-lease components and they are
not included in the calculation of the lease liabilities because they are variable. Payments for these variable, non-lease components
are considered variable lease costs and are recognized in the period in which the costs are incurred. 

Below are the lease commitments for the next
5 years: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less
 imputed
 interest 

Total 

Sublease Agreement 

In accordance with ASC Topic
842, the Company treats the sublease as a separate lease, as the Company was not relieved of the primary obligation under the original
lease. The Company continues to account for the Century City Medical Plaza lease as a lessee and in the same manner as prior to
the commencement date of the sublease. The Company accounts for the sublease as a lessor of the lease. The sublease is classified
as an operating lease, as it does not meet the criteria of a sales-type or direct financing lease. 

The Company will recognize
operating income from the sublease on a straight-line basis in its statements of operations over the lease term. 

During the year ended June
30, 2022 and 2021, the net operating lease expenses were as follows : 

Sublease
 income 

Total
 Net Lease Expense 

, convertible into
shares of Common Stock, par value per share. The outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes was due and payable
on . Interest on the Convertible Notes commenced accruing on the date of issuance at six percent per annum,
computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months, and is compounded monthly on the final day of each calendar month based upon the
principal and all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding as of such compound date. The interest was payable in cash on a semi-annual
basis. 

The holder of the
Convertible Notes had the right at any time prior to the date that is twelve months from issuance to convert all or any part of
the outstanding and unpaid principal and all unpaid interest into shares of the Company s Common Stock. The conversion price
was equal to per share of Common Stock. The Holder did not exercise the conversion feature that expired on February 6, 2021.
The Company evaluated the Convertible Notes in accordance with ASC 470-20 and identified that they each contain an embedded conversion
feature that shall not be bifurcated from the host document (i.e., the Convertible Notes) as they are not deemed to be readily
convertible into cash. All proceeds received from the issuance have been recognized as a liability on the balance sheet. The Convertible
Notes balance as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, was . As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accrued
interest in the amount of , which is included in accrued expenses. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the interest
expense related to the Convertible Notes amounted to and respectively. Effective December 30, 2022, the Company
amended and restated the Convertible Notes (the Amended and Restated Secured Notes ). Pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Secured Notes, the due date was extended to , and the interest was increased to twelve percent per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of amendment through the issuance of shares of the Company s
Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date, of , which included shares for interest accrued through
December 30, 2022, and the obligations of the Company under the Amended and Restated Secured Notes were secured by a security Agreement
(the Security Agreement ). 

Note Payable- On
March 30, 2020 (the Issuance Date ), the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the
 Promissory Note to the Holder. The principal amount of the Promissory Note was originally payable on (the Maturity Date ). The Promissory Note bore interest at a fixed rate of per annum, computed based on the
number of days between the Issuance Date and the Maturity Date, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the Issuance Date through
the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date for a total value
of . The Company evaluated the Promissory Note and PIK interest in accordance with ASC 470-Debt and ASC 835-Interest, respectively.
Pursuant to ASC 470-20, proceeds received from the issuance are to be recognized at their relative fair value, thus the liability
is shown net of the corresponding discount of , which is the relative fair value of the shares issued for the PIK interest
on the closing date using the effective interest method. The discount of 493,192 will be accreted over the life of the Promissory
Note. 

On February 11, 2021, the
Company entered into an amendment to the Promissory Note in the principal amount of that extended the Maturity Date
to . All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required an additional
year of interest at the fixed rate of per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of the amendment through
the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date for a total value
of . 

On May 17, 2022, the Company
entered into a second amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the Maturity Date out to and increased the
interest rate from to per annum. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required
an additional year of interest at the fixed rate of 12 per annum. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company prepaid interest for
the period November 30, 2022 until May 30, 2023 on the date of the amendment through the issuance of shares of the Company s
Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date for a total value of . All other accrued interest payable from
May 30, 2023 to the Maturity Date shall be payable by the Company on May 30, 2023, at the option of the Holder either (i) in cash
or (ii) in non-assessable shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at the closing sale price of the Common Stock of the
Nasdaq Capital Market on May 30, 2023. For the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, discount amortization of and 
was charged to interest expense. The Promissory Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2022 is . Effective December
30, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment to the Promissory Note. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company s
obligations under the Promissory Note were secured by the Security Agreement. 

To secure the Company s
obligations under each of the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement
with the Holder, pursuant to which the Company granted a lien on all assets of the Company (the Collateral for the
benefit of the Holder. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and Promissory Note, respectively)
the Holder may, among other things, collect or take possession of the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security
interest in the Collateral or sell, lease, or dispose of the Collateral. 

Finance Agreement 
On November 30, 2021, the Company entered into a premium finance agreement (the Agreement with a principal amount
of at interest per annum. The repayment of the Agreement will be made in nine equal monthly installments of .
The remaining balance at June 30, 2022 is ; the amount is reflected in other current liabilities. For the year ended June
30, 2022, the Company recorded total interest expense in the amount of related to the Agreement. This amount is reflected
in other income and expenses. 

Total
interest expense recorded for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

and , respectively, giving rise
to deferred tax assets of and respectively. The net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to January
1, 2018 expire over various dates from 2031 to 2036. All subsequent net operating loss carryforwards are indefinite. 

The Company files Danish
and U.S. income tax returns and these returns are generally no longer subject to tax examinations for years prior to 2018 for the
Danish tax returns and 2017 for the U.S. tax returns. 

The temporary differences,
tax credits and carry forwards gave rise to the following deferred tax assets (liabilities) at June 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Excess of tax over book depreciation of
 patents 

Stock/options compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Change in tax rate 

Valuation allowance 

Total
 Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 

In accordance with prevailing accounting guidance,
the Company is required to recognize and disclose any income tax uncertainties. The guidance provides a two-step approach to recognizing
and measuring tax benefits and liabilities when realization of the tax position is uncertain. The first step is to determine whether
the tax position meets the more- likely-than-not condition for recognition, and the second step is to determine the amount to be
recognized based on the cumulative probability that exceeds 50 . The amount of and ultimate realization of the benefits from the
deferred tax assets for income tax purposes is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, the Company s future earnings,
and other future events, the effects of which can be difficult to determine and can only be estimated. Management estimates that
it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate adequate net profits to use the deferred tax assets; and consequently,
a valuation allowance was recorded for all deferred tax assets. 

A reconciliation of income
tax expense at the federal statutory rate to income tax expense at the Company s effective rate is as follows for the year
ended June 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Non-US income taxed at different rates 

Non-deductible expenses / other items 

Valuation allowance 

Income Tax Expense
 (Benefit) 

The components of income
tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Total Current Tax
 Expense (Benefit) 

Deferred Income Tax
 Expense (Benefit) 

Excess of tax over
 book depreciation of fixed assets 

Excess of tax over
 book depreciation of patents 

Stock/options compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net operating loss
 carryforwards 

Change in tax rate 

Change
 in the valuation allowance 

Total Deferred
 Tax Expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) results
primarily from the reversal of temporary timing differences between tax and financial statement income. 

authorized shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share. At June 30, 2022 and 2021, there
were zero shares issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 
The Company has authorized shares of Common Stock, par value per share. At June 30, 2022 and 2021, there were
 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Voting Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, including
the election of directors, and do not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 

Dividends Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as the Company s Board of Directors from time to time may
declare out of funds legally available. 

Liquidation Rights 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment of all of our debts and
liabilities, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the distribution of any of our remaining assets. 

Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park Capital 

On July 8, 2020, we entered
into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ),
pursuant to which the Company may sell and issue to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase, up to 
of shares of our Common Stock from time to time through . 

In consideration for entering
into the Purchase Agreement, we issued shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee on July 21, 2020. 

During the years ended June
30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 we issued and shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement for
a purchase price of and , respectively. At June 30, 2022, an amount of remained available under
the Purchase Agreement. As of October 17, 2022, we no longer have access to this Purchase Agreement as we are no longer able to
use the registration statement on Form S-3. 

Common Stock Issuances 

On June 17, 2022, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock valued at based on the closing price on that date, issued in lieu of prepaid interest
related to an amendment that extended the maturity date of the Unsecured Note to November 30, 2023 (see Note 6). 

During the period ending
June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock at an average price of per share pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement with Lincoln Park for total proceeds to the Company of . 

On April 4, 2022, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock valued at the price of per share pursuant to the exercise of vested stock options for
total proceeds of . 

On January 11, 2022, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock related to restricted share units that vested on January 07, 2022, at a value of . 

On December 28, 2021, there
were restricted share units issued that immediately vested and were converted into shares of Common Stock in exchange for
consulting services valued at . 

On December 24, 2021, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock valued at the price of per share pursuant to the exercise of vested warrants
for total proceeds of , with corresponding earn-out distribution in the same amount in connection with the acquisition
of Enochian BioPharma, Inc., which was distributed on March 31, 2022, based on the share price on December 23, 2021 of . This
non-cash transaction impacted stockholders equity in the amount of . 

On June 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock related to restricted share units that vested on January 7, 2021. These shares were expensed
during the period. 

On June 16, 2021, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock at a price of per share pursuant to a Registered Direct Purchase Agreement for total
proceeds to the Company of net of of issuance costs. 

In June 2021, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock at an average price of per share pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park
for total proceeds to the Company of . 

From March 18, 2021 through
June 9, 2021, the Company issued shares of Common Stock at a price of per share pursuant to a private placement
for total proceeds to the Company of . 

On February 18, 2021, there
were restricted share units issued that immediately vested and were converted into shares of Common Stock in exchange for
consulting services valued at . 

On February 11, 2021, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock valued at based on the closing price on that date, issued in lieu of prepaid
interest related to an amendment that extended the maturity date of an Unsecured Note to November 30, 2022 (see Note 6). 

On December 14, 2020, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock valued at the price of per share pursuant to the exercise of vested warrants
for total proceeds of . 

On December 14, 2020, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock valued at the price of per share in connection with the acquisition of Enochian
Biopharma Inc. This non-cash transaction impacted stockholders equity in the amount of . 

Acquisition of Enochian
Biopharma / Contingently issuable shares 

On February 16, 2018, the
acquisition of Enochian Biopharma was completed. As part of the acquisition, the stockholders of Enochian Biopharma received (i)
18,081,962 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the right to receive Contingent Shares of Common Stock pro rata upon the exercise or
conversion of warrants, which were outstanding at closing. As of June 30, 2022, Contingent Shares are potentially issuable
(see Note 1). 

Acquisition of Enochian
Denmark 

At June 30, 2022 and 2021,
the Company maintained a reserve of Escrow Shares, all of which are reflected as issued and outstanding in the accompanying
financial statements. The Escrow Shares are reserved to acquire the shares of Enochian Denmark held by non-consenting shareholders
of Enochian Denmark on both June 30, 2022 and 2021, in accordance with Section 70 of the Danish Companies Act and the Articles
of Association of DanDrit Denmark. There have been 167,639 shares of Common Stock issued to non-consenting shareholders of Enochian
Denmark as of June 30, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued zero and shares of Common
Stock, respectively, to such non-consenting shareholders of Enochian Denmark. 

Stock-based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation
costs for stock option awards to employees based on their grant-date fair value. The value of each stock option is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In the year ended June 30, 2022, the weighted-average assumptions
used to estimate the grant date fair values of the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows: 

Volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

- 

Dividend yield 

The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense related to all equity instruments of and for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. At June 30, 2022, the Company had approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
options. 

Plan Options 

On February 6, 2014,
the Board adopted the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), and the Company reserved 
shares of Common Stock for issuance in accordance with the terms of the 2014 Plan. 

On October 30, 2019, the
Board approved and on October 31, 2019, the Company s stockholders adopted Enochian s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2019 Plan ), which replaced the 2014 Plan. The 2019 Plan authorized options to be awarded to not exceed the sum of
(1) 6,000,000 new shares, and (2) the number of shares available for the grant of awards as of the effective date under the 2014
Plan plus any options related to awards that expire, are terminated, surrendered, or forfeited for any reason without issuance
of shares under the 2014 Plan after the effective date of the 2019 Plan. 

Pursuant to the 2019 Plan,
the Company granted options to purchase shares to employees with a three-year vesting period during the year ended June
30, 2022. One million of those shares are subject to performance based vesting criteria, and as of June 30, 2022, no expense has
been recognized on this option based on the assessment that these shares are not probable of vesting. As performance criteria for
Year 1 was not probable, one-third of this amount was forfeited. During previous quarters, this option was assessed as probable
of vesting, such that approximately 1.9 million of expense was reversed in the quarter ended June 30, 2022. For the year ended
June 30, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase shares with a three-year vesting period under the 2019 Plan. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted options to purchase 
and zero shares of Common stock, respectively, to employees with a one-year vesting period. 

During the years ended June
30, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted options to purchase and shares, respectively, to the Board of Directors
and Scientific Advisory Board Members with a one-year vesting period. 

During the years ended June
30, 2022, and 2021, the Company granted options to purchase 
and zero shares, respectively, for consulting services with a three-year vesting period. 

During the years ended June
30, 2022, and 2021, the Company granted options to purchase 
and zero shares, respectively, for consulting services with a one-year vesting period. 

During the years ended June
30, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted options to purchase and shares, respectively, for consulting services with
immediate vesting. 

All of the above options
are exercisable at the market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. 

To date the Company has
granted options under the Plan Plan Options to purchase shares of Common Stock. 

A summary of the Plan Options outstanding at
June 30, 2022 is presented below: 

Total 

A summary of changes since
July 1, 2021 are presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired/Canceled 

Outstanding
 at
 June
 30,
 2022 

Exercisable
 at
 June
 30,
 2022 

At June 30, 2022, the Company
has 
exercisable Plan Options. The total intrinsic value of options exercisable at June 30, 2022 was zero. Intrinsic value is measured
using the fair market value at the date of exercise (for shares exercised) and at June 30, 2022 (for outstanding options), less the
applicable exercise price. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

A summary of the warrants
outstanding at June 30, 2022, and changes in the warrants in the year ended June 30, 2022 are presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Expired 

Outstanding
 at
 June
 30,
 2022 

Exercisable
 at
 June
 30,
 2022 

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 

The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense related to RSUs of and for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At June
30, 2022, the Company had approximately zero unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units. 

A summary of Restricted
Stock Units outstanding at June 30, 2021 and changes in the RSUs in the year ended June 30, 2022 are presented below 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Expired 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

per month. Upon
the completion of the 20 months, a monthly consulting fee of continued for scientific consulting and knowledge transfer
on existing HIV experiments until the services were no longer being rendered or the G-Tech Agreement is terminated. G Tech is controlled
by certain members of Weird Science. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, was charged to research and development
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations related to this consulting agreement. As of May 25, 2022, the
consultant was no longer able to render services. 

On January 31, 2020, the
Company entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the HBV License Agreement by and among the Company,
and G-Tech, and G Health Research Foundation, a not for profit entity organized under the laws of California doing business as
Seraph Research Institute SRI (collectively the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual,
sublicensable, exclusive license (the HBV License for a treatment under development (the Treatment aimed to treat Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) infections. 

The HBV License Agreement
states that in consideration for the HBV License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and certain
other in-kind funding related to the Treatment over a 24 month period, and provides for an up-front payment of million within
7 days of January 31, 2020, along with additional payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the
technology set forth in the HBV License Agreement, in each case subject to the terms of the HBV License Agreement. Additionally,
the HBV License Agreement provides for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Treatment
and for a royalty to G-Tech on any net sales that may occur under the HBV License. On February 6, 2020, the Company paid the
 million up-front payment. The HBV License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the parties
with respect to the development of the Treatment and the HBV License. 

The cash funding for research
costs pursuant to the HBV License Agreement consisted of monthly payments amounting to that covered scientific staffing
resources to complete the project as well as periodic payments for materials and equipment needed to complete the project. There
were no payments made after January 31, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid a total of 
and , respectively, for scientific staffing resources, R D and IND Enabling studies. During the year ended June 30,
2022, the Company paid in August 2021 for the milestone completion of a Pre-Investigational New Drug (IND) process following
receipt of written comments in accordance the HBV License Agreement. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors, which
includes certain payments it made related to this license (see Contingencies sub-section below). 

On April 18,
2021, the Company entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the License Agreement ), by and among the
Company, and G Tech and SRI (collectively, the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual sublicensable,
exclusive license (the Development License to research, develop, and commercialize certain formulations which are
aimed at preventing and treating pan-coronavirus or the potential combination of the pan-coronavirus and pan-influenza, including
the SARS-coronavirus that causes COVID-19 and pan-influenza (the Prevention and Treatment ). 

The License Agreement was
entered into pursuant to the existing Framework Agreement between the parties dated November 15, 2019. The License Agreement states
that in consideration for the Development License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and
certain other in-kind funding related to the Prevention and Treatment over a 24-month period. Additionally, the License Agreement
provides for an up-front payment of and a payment for expenditures to date prior to the effective date related
to research towards the Prevention and Treatment within 60 days of April 18, 2021. The License Agreement provides for additional
payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the License Agreement, in
each case subject to the terms of the License Agreement. 

The License Agreement provides
for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Prevention and Treatment and for a 3 royalty
to G Tech on any net sales that may occur under the License Agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, the
Company paid and related to the Prevention and Treatment research. The Company is no longer pursuing any product
candidates that relate to this license. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors to recover all monies it paid related
to this license (see Contingencies sub-section below.). 

On August 25, 2021, the
Company entered into an ALC Patent License and Research Funding Agreement in the HIV Field (the ALC License Agreement with G mr kc and SRI and its principals (collectively, the Licensors whereby the Licensors granted
the Company an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, his proprietary
technology subject to a U.S. patent application, to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use solely for the prevention,
treatment, amelioration of or therapy exclusively for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in
humans; provided the Licensors retained the right to conduct HIV research in the field. Pursuant to the ALC License Agreement,
the Company granted a non-exclusive license back to the Licensors, under any patents or other intellectual property owned or controlled
by the Company, to the extent arising from the ALC License, to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use in the
diagnosis, prevention, treatment, amelioration or therapy of any (i) HIV Comorbidities and (ii) any other diseases or conditions
outside the HIV Field. The Company made an initial payment to SRI of and agreed to fund future HIV research conducted
by the Licensors, as mutually agreed to by the parties. On September 10, 2021, pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company
paid the initial payment of . 

G-Tech and SRI are controlled
by Serhat G mr kc and Anderson Wittekind, shareholders of the Company. 

Shares held for non-consenting
stockholders The remaining shares of Common Stock related to the Acquisition
of Enochian Denmark have been reflected as issued and outstanding in the accompanying financial statements. There were zero
shares of Common Stock issued to such non-consenting stockholders during the year ended June 30, 2022 (see Note 8.) 

Service Agreements -
 This consulting agreement was terminated as of October 31, 2022. The Company maintains employment agreements with other
staff in the ordinary course of business . 

Contingencies 

Securities Class Action
Litigation . On July 26, 2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints were filed by purported stockholders of
ours in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against us and certain of our current and former
officers and directors. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions
of material fact in connection with the Company s relationship with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects.
The complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaints. 

Federal Derivative Litigation . On September
22, 2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California. On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar shareholder derivative action in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities
Class Action Litigation. The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s
current and former directors as defendants. The actions also name the Company as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations
of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution
and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages,
disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United States District Court for the Central
District of California stayed the Koenig matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the
Securities Class Action Litigation. The defendants have not yet responded to either complaint. 

State Derivative Litigation . On October
20, 2022, Susan Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting
similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company,
names Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The action
also names the Company as a nominal defendant. The action sets out claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, contribution, and indemnification,
aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement,
restitution, and other costs and expenses. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint
in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat G mr kc , William
Anderson Wittekind, G Tech Bio LLC, SG AW Holdings LLC, and Seraph Research Institute. The Complaint alleges that the defendants
engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify, and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies
supporting its [Hepatitis B] and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results
to reflect positive outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies out of whole cloth. As a result of the defendants 
conduct, the Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise
have paid. The defendants have not yet answered the allegations set forth in the Company s Complaint. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company received a
demand letter on behalf of Weird Science LLC Weird Science ), William Anderson Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind
2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson Wittekind 2021 Annuity Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021
Annuity Trust alleging that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between the Company, Weird Science,
and RS Group ApS. Specifically, the demand letter alleges that the Company breached its obligations under the Investor Rights
Agreement to provide the requisite thirty days notice to Holders of Registrable Securities in connection with SEC
Form S-3 filings on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022 and demands over 64 million in damages. The Company denies these allegations
and intends to vigorously defend against this claim. 

On March 1, 2021, former
Enochian BioSciences Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District
Court for the District of Vermont against the Company, Enochian BioSciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the
Complaint, Mr. Wolfe and Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that
the Company lacked probable cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages,
as well as punitive damages. The allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by Company and Enochian BioSciences
Denmark ApS in the Vermont Superior Court, Orange Civil Division. On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted the Company s
motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark Dybul and Henrik
Gr nfeldt-S rensen. On November 29, 2022, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to the sole
remaining claim of malicious prosecution. The Company denies the allegations set forth in the Complaint and will continue to
vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

and , which included payments for consulting agreements related to HIV, and contractual
costs related to the HBV License, the Development License and the ALC License (see Note 9), and security expenses, for the years
ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company leased office space from landlord affiliated with G-Tech from May 15, 2022 to August 31, 2022, on a month-to-month basis
for a total of , of which relates to the current period. The amount has been recorded in accrued expenses. The Company
paid amount in full in August 2022. 

shares of Common Stock for total proceeds to the Company of ,
with corresponding earn-out distribution in the same amount in connection with the acquisition of Enochian BioPharma, Inc., which
was distributed on October 12, 2022, based on the share price on that date of . This non-cash transaction impacted stockholders 
equity in the amount of . 

Subsequent to June 30, 2022, the Company became
involved in a number of legal proceedings. Please see Note 9 above and Item 3 - Legal Proceedings for details of such matters. 

As of December 30, 2022,
the Company entered into amended and restated secured convertible promissory notes (see Note 6.) 

On December 30, 2022, the
Company entered into a security agreement with the Holder (see Note 6.) 

F- 32 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures for the Company. The Certifying Officers have designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that material information is made known to the Certifying Officers, particularly during the period in which this Report
was prepared. 

The Certifying Officers
conducted a review of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act, Rules
13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ). Based
upon that evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of June 30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective in ensuring that the information we were required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules
and forms. 

46 

Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Management used the Internal
Control over Financial Reporting Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO to conduct a review of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. As of June 30, 2022, Management concluded
that internal controls over financial reporting was not effective, based on COSO s framework. The deficiency is attributed
to the Company not having adequate resources to address complex accounting matters. This control deficiency will be monitored,
and attention will be given to this matter as we grow. 

This Annual Report does
not include an attestation report from the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not Applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Identification of Directors 

The following is a description
of the business experience, qualifications, skills and educational background of each of our directors, including each director s
relevant business experience: 

Mr. Ren Sindlev . Mr. Sindlev,
age 61, has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors since June 2017. Mr. Sindlev has been successfully self-employed
since 1985 from the age of 23. He has been an investor and entrepreneur since 1997 through his holding companies including RS Group ApS,
RS Arving ApS, RS Family ApS, RS Aviation ApS and RS Bio ApS. In January of 2014, Mr. Sindlev established
Dr. Smood Group of companies in both Denmark and the United States a retail-chain of USDA Certified Organic
health restaurants, an on-line e-commerce platform and several beverage companies. Since 2014 he has served as its chairman. Mr. Sindlev has
previously founded, owned, developed, and sold more than 28 companies in the jewelry, aviation charter, real estate and
biosciences businesses, such as World of Watches, Pandora A/S, RS Aviation ApS, MyFamily Office ApS, Enochian Biosciences
Inc among many others. In 2002, Mr. Sindlev co-founded Pandora A/S and served as its President Board Member,
and as an advisor to the board before and after its IPO on Nasdaq Copenhagen in 2010. Mr. Sindlev co-founded Enochian
Biosciences Inc. in February 2018 as an early biotech investor in DanDrit Biotech, Inc. We believe Mr. Sindlev s experience
as an entrepreneur in successfully building start-up companies from the ground up qualifies him to serve as a director and Chairman
of the Board. 

47 

Dr. Mark Dybul . Dr.
Dybul, age 59, was appointed our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and principal executive officer, effective July 1, 2021. Prior to
the appointment, he served as Executive Vice Chair of the Board since January of 2019 and as a director since February of 2018.
Dr. Dybul served as a Professor in the Department of Medicine at Georgetown University Medical Center as of July 2017 and was the
Faculty Co-Director of the Center for Global Health and Quality until he became Enochian BioSciences CEO. Dr. Dybul has
worked on HIV and public health for nearly 30 years as a clinician, scientist, teacher, and administrator, most recently as the
Executive Director of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria from 2013 through May of 2017. Prior to joining
the Global Fund, he was a principal architect and ultimately the head of the U.S. President s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief
(PEPFAR), the largest international health initiative in history dedicated to a single disease, which achieved historic prevention,
care, and treatment goals on time and on budget. During his tenure, the program s funding grew from approximately 500 million
to 6.5 billion annually. After serving as Chief Medical Officer, Assistant, Deputy and Acting Director, he was appointed as its
leader in 2006, becoming U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator, with the rank of Ambassador at the level of an Assistant Secretary of State.
He served until early 2009. Earlier in his career, after graduating from Georgetown Medical School in Washington D.C., Dr. Dybul
joined the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, as a research fellow under director Dr. Anthony Fauci, where
he conducted basic and clinical studies on HIV virology, immunology, and treatment optimization, including the first randomized,
controlled trial with combination antiretroviral therapy in Africa. Dr. Dybul has written extensively in scientific and policy
literature, and has received several honorary degrees and awards, including a Doctor of Science, Honoris Causa, from Georgetown
University. Dr. Dybul is a member of the National Academy of Medicine. We believe Dr. Dybul s extensive experience in HIV
and public health, as well as from being an educator and administrator qualifies him to serve as director and Chief Executive Officer. 

Carol L. Brosgart, MD .
Dr. Brosgart, age 71, has served as a Director since December of 2019. Dr. Brosgart serves on the boards of public and privately
held biotech companies and public, not-for-profit, domestic and global health organizations. She is also a member of the Board
of Directors of Galmed Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel); Abivax, (headquartered in Paris, France), Merlin
(headquartered in Doylestown, PA) and Eradivir (headquartered in West Lafayette, Indiana). She also is the Chair of Enochian s
Scientific Advisory Board on HBV Cure and is the Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee for Hepion (formerly ContraVir), a
biotechnology company working in the area of HBV Cure, NASH and Hepatocellular Carcinoma. Previously, she served as a member of
Tobira Therapeutics Board of Directors from September 2009 until Allergan acquired Tobira in November 2016; and,she was
formerly on the following biotechnology Boards: Juvaris, a vaccine company, until Bayer Company acquired its assets; and on the
Boards of Intrivo Diagnostics and Mirum Pharmaceuticals. She is a scientific advisor and consultant to a number of biotechnology
companies in the areas of liver disease and infectious diseases (Dynavax, Hepion, immgenuity, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna, and
Pardes Biosciences). Dr. Brosgart serves as a Board member for the non-profit organization, Berkeley Community Scholars (headquartered
in California). She serves on the Steering Committee of the HBV Cure Group and is also member of the Liver Forum, both at the Forum
for Collaborative Research at UC Berkeley School of Public Health. She is a member of the Board of the Hepatitis B Foundation (HBF);
serves on the Medical and Scientific Advisory Committee of the Hepatitis B Foundation; and,she is the Research Integrity Officer
for the Hepatitis B Foundation and the Baruch S. Blumberg Institute. Dr. Brosgart also serves on the National Advisory Committee
of Hepatitis B United. She served for many years on the Boards of the SF AIDS Foundation and the Pangaea Global AIDS Foundation.
She is active in the public policy arena for the following professional organizations: AASLD and IDSA/HIVMA. Dr. Brosgart served
as Senior Advisor on Science and Policy to the Division of Viral Hepatitis at the CDC and the Viral Hepatitis Action Coalition
at the CDC Foundation from 2011 to 2014. Dr. Brosgart has also served as a member on the faculty of the School of Medicine at the
University of California, San Francisco for the past four decades, where she is a Clinical Professor of Medicine, Biostatistics
and Epidemiology in the Division of Global Health and Infectious Diseases. Previous positions include, serving as Chief Medical
Officer at biotechnology company Alios BioPharma, Inc. Prior to Alios, Dr. Brosgart served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical
Officer of Children s Hospital Research Center in Oakland, California, from 2009 until February 2011. Previously, she
served for eleven years, from 1998 until 2009, at the biopharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, Inc., where she held a number
of senior management roles, most recently as Vice President, Public Health and Policy and earlier as Vice President, Clinical Research
and Vice President, Medical Affairs and Global Medical Director, Hepatitis. She led the clinical development and FDA approval of
a number of agents at Gilead, including Viread and Hepsera . Prior to Gilead, Dr. Brosgart worked for more than 20
years in clinical care, research, and teaching at several Bay Area medical centers. She was the founder and Medical Director of
the East Bay AIDS Center at Alta Bates Medical Center in Berkeley, California, from 1987 until 1998 and served as the Medical Director
of Central Health Center, Oakland, California, of the Alameda County Health Care Services Agency from 1978 until 1987. Dr. Brosgart
received a B.S. in Community Medicine from the University of California, Berkeley and received an M.D. from the University of California,
San Francisco. Her residency training was in pediatrics, public health, and preventive medicine at UCSF and UC Berkeley School
of Public Health. She has published extensively in the areas of HIV, HBV, CMV, and liver disease. We believe Dr. Brosgart s
extensive clinical experience in HIV and HBV, her significant clinical research and regulatory experience, and her service in senior
management and on numerous public and private boards in the biotechnology industry qualify her to serve as a director. 

48 

Mr. Gregg Alton .
 Mr. Alton, age 56, has served as a director since December 2019. Mr. Alton joined the Board after
serving for 20 years at the biopharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, Inc. At Gilead, Mr. Alton served as interim Chief Executive
Officer, responsible for the company s strategy, growth and operations. As Chief Patient Officer, he led Gilead s patient
outreach and engagement initiatives and the company s efforts to facilitate access to its medicines around the world. He
oversaw the corporate and medical affairs functions and developing world access programs, as well as its digital patient solutions
and patient-centered outcomes groups and commercial operations in certain countries. Mr. Alton joined Gilead in 1999 and held a
number of positions at the company with experience in legal, medical affairs, policy and commercial. He previously served as general
counsel. Prior to joining Gilead, he was an attorney at the law firm of Cooley Godward, LLP, where he specialized in mergers and
acquisitions, corporate partnerships and corporate finance transactions for healthcare and information technology companies. Mr.
Alton is a member of the Board of Directors of Corcept Therapeutics, Brii Biosciences, Novavax, Inc., the Hepatitis Fund and the
Boys and Girls Clubs of Oakland. Mr. Alton serves as a board observer for GARDP. He also serves on the U.S. government s
President s Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS, and the advisory board for the UC Berkeley College of Letters Science. Mr.
Alton received a bachelor s degree in legal studies from the University of California at Berkeley and a law degree from Stanford
University. We believe Mr. Alton s decades of experience in senior management at a large pharmaceutical company, along with
his legal and governance experience qualifies him to serve as a director. 

Mr. James Sapirstein . Mr.
Sapirstein, age 61, has served as a director since March of 2018. Mr. Sapirstein joined the Board after having served over thirty-seven years
in the pharmaceutical industry. He is currently the Chairman, President and CEO of First Wave BioPharma (formerly AzurRx BioPharma)
and has served as the CEO of ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (now Hepion), which is a company specializing in the Hepatitis B space.
After beginning his career in 1984 with Eli Lilly, he accepted a position at Hoffmann-LaRoche in 1987, where he served for almost
a decade as part of its commercial teams in the US and abroad. He held a number of positions at Hoffmann-LaRoche, before moving
to Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) in 1996 as the Director of International Marketing in the Infectious Disease group. While at BMS,
he worked on several important HIV/AIDS projects including Secure the Future. Later, Mr. Sapirstein started his career in smaller
biotech companies when he joined Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) in order to lead the Global Marketing team in its launch of Viread
(tenofovir). In 2002, he accepted the position of Executive Vice President Metabolic and Endocrinology for Serono Laboratories
before becoming the founding CEO of Tobira Therapeutics in 2006. In 2012, after several years in the infectious diseases space,
Mr. Sapirstein became the CEO of Alliqua Therapeutics at Alliqua, Inc. He is also a Board Director for the Emerging Companies Section
Governing group of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) and the Chairman Emeritus of BIO s New Jersey Chapter
(BioNJ). Mr. Sapirstein received his MBA from Fairleigh Dickinson University and his B.Pharm. from Rutgers University. We believe
Mr. Sapirstein s extensive experience as a biotechnology executive and as a board member in the biopharma industry and industry
associations qualifies him to serve as a director. 

Mr. Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen .
 Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen, age 50, has served as a director since October of 2017, has been
the Chief Executive Officer of RS Group ApS, RS Arving ApS and RS Family ApS since October of 2012, and he has served as a director
of Dr. Smood Group, Inc. since January of 2014. RS Group of Companies is a family office in Denmark with global investments within
the real estate, charter business, food beverage, and biosciences industries. Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen has over
10 years experience in different CEO management positions; Danske Bank in Denmark, and the Danish Bank Nykredit in
France. Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen holds an eMBA from University of Monaco (2011). We believe Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen s
significant experience in corporate management and in investor relations qualifies him to serve as a director. 

Ms. Jayne McNicol . Ms.
McNicol, age 57, has served as a director and chair of our audit committee since May of 2021. Since May 2017, Ms. McNicol
has been the Chief Financial Officer of the California Life Sciences Association, a nonprofit, membership-based trade association
that empowers the life sciences community to deliver innovative solutions for healthier lives. Previously, from July 2001 to April
2017, Ms. McNicol was a Partner of Assurance Services at Ernst Young LLP serving public and private life sciences companies
primarily in the San Francisco Bay Area. Prior to this, Ms. McNicol served in positions of increasing responsibility at Ernst 
Young and its predecessor, Arthur Young, initially in Bristol, England and later in the San Francisco Bay Area. Ms. McNicol is
a Certified Public Accountant with the California Board of Accountancy and a Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from the University of Leeds, England. We believe
Ms. McNicol s significant experience in financial management within the life sciences industry qualifies her to serve as
a director and chair of our audit committee. 

49 

There are no family relationships,
as defined in subparagraph (d) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, among any of our executive officers and directors. To the best of
our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years, been involved in any legal proceedings
described in subparagraph (f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

The Board and Board Committees 

The Board . 
The Board met 5 times for meetings during fiscal 2022, and also acts by written consent. Four of such meetings were regularly scheduled
meetings and other special Board meetings and telephonic calls were held as needed. During fiscal year 2022, each incumbent director
attended 75 or more of the Board meetings for the periods during which each such director served. Directors are not required to
attend annual meetings of our stockholders. 

Audit Committee and
Audit Committee Financial Experts 

The Audit Committee has
been structured to comply with the requirements of Rule 10A-3(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the listing standards of NASDAQ, and each member and former member of the Audit
Committee complied with such requirements and standards. The members of the Audit Committee are currently Jayne McNicol (Chair),
James Sapirstein and Gregg Alton. 

The Audit Committee oversees
and reports to our Board on various auditing and accounting-related matters, including, among other things, the maintenance of
the integrity of our financial statements, reporting process and internal controls; the selection, evaluation, compensation, and
retention of our independent registered public accounting firm; legal and regulatory compliance, including our disclosure controls
and procedures; and oversight over our risk management policies and procedures. The Audit Committee appoints and sets the compensation
for the independent registered public accounting firm annually and reviews and evaluates such auditor. This external auditor reports
directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee establishes our hiring policies regarding current and former partners and
employees of the external auditor. In addition, the Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services undertaken by
the external auditor and any outside consultants engaged in work related to the Company s financial reporting. The Audit
Committee has direct responsibility for overseeing the work of the external auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing
an auditor s report or performing other audits, review or attest services, including the resolution of disagreements between
the external auditor and management. The Audit Committee meets at least once per fiscal quarter to fulfill its responsibilities
under its charter and in connection with the review of the Company s quarterly and annual financial statements. 

The Board has determined
that each member of the Audit Committee has the appropriate level of financial understanding and industry specific knowledge to
be able to perform the duties of the position; and they are financially literate and have the requisite financial sophistication
as required by the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ. The Board has determined that both Ms. McNicol and Mr. Alton are audit
committee financial experts as defined by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

The Audit Committee met
4 times during fiscal 2022, which meetings were all attended by each member during his or her period of service, and the Committee
also acts by written consent. The Audit Committee operates under a charter that was adopted by our Board and is posted on our website
at www.enochianbio.com. 

The Audit Committee reviewed
and discussed the audited financial statements for the 2022 fiscal year with management, and with Sadler, Gibb Associates,
LLC Sadler ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Further, the Audit Committee also
discussed with Sadler the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (the PCAOB and the SEC. The Audit Committee reviewed permitted services under rules of the SEC as currently
in effect and discussed with Sadler its independence from management and the Company, including the matters in the written disclosures
and the letter from Sadler required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant s communications
with the Audit Committee concerning independence. 

50 

Based on its review of the
financial statements and the aforementioned discussions, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited
financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for
filing with the SEC. 

THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Jayne McNicol (Chair) 

James Sapirstein 

Gregg Alton 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee are currently Carol L. Brosgart, M.D. and Gregg Alton (Chair). 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, as permitted by, and in accordance with, its charter, is responsible for matters related to the selection
of directors for appointment and/or election to the Board. This includes establishing criteria for, identifying and recommending
potential candidates for nomination to serve on the Board, and establishing criteria to consider recommendations from the stockholders
of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers and makes recommendations with respect to the independence
of all directors. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is also responsible for maintaining compliance with applicable corporate governance requirements under the
Exchange Act and the listing standards of NASDAQ. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the evaluation of
the Board, including with respect to corporate governance, and develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance guidelines. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee acted 1 time during fiscal 2022 by written consent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates
under a charter that was adopted by our Board and is posted on our website at www.enochianbio.com. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are currently James Sapirstein (Chair) and Carol L. Brosgart, M.D. 

The Compensation Committee,
as permitted by, and in accordance with, its charter, is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities
relating to matters of human resources and compensation, including equity compensation, and to establish a plan of continuity and
development for our senior management. The Compensation Committee periodically assesses compensation of our executive officers
in relation to companies of comparable size, industry, and complexity, taking the performance of the Company and such other companies
into consideration. All decisions with respect to the compensation of our principal executive officer are determined and approved
solely by the Compensation Committee. All decisions with respect to other executive compensation, including incentive-compensation
and equity-based plans are first approved by the Compensation Committee and then submitted, together with the Compensation Committee s
recommendation, to the members of the Board for final approval. In addition, the Compensation Committee will, as appropriate, review
and approve public or regulatory disclosure relating to compensation, including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, and any
metrics for performance measurements. The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain and compensate any outside adviser
as it determines necessary to permit it to carry out its duties and engaged such a consultant in connection with the Company s
compensation for the 2022 fiscal year. 

51 

The Board has determined
that each member of the Compensation Committee is a nonemployee director as that term is defined under Rule 16b-3
of the Exchange Act and an outside director as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(e)(3).
The Compensation Committee meets periodically and at least annually in connection with determining the compensation of management
for each fiscal year. 

The Compensation Committee
met 2 times during fiscal year 2022 and acted by written consent 4 times. The Compensation Committee operates under a charter that
was adopted by our Board and is posted on our website at www.enochianbio.com. 

The Compensation Committee
has considered the potential risks arising from the Company s compensation for all employees and does not believe the risks
from those compensation practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

Luisa Puche . Ms.
Puche, age 60, is our Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer. Prior to becoming our Chief Financial Officer in
January of 2019, Ms. Puche served as a senior accounting and financial advisor and president of Puche Group, LLC, since 2015 where
she served in a variety of advisory capacities for both public and private organizations, such as technical accounting consultations,
complex technical implementations, M A transactions, IT Risk assessments and SOX 404 implementations. Previously, Ms. Puche
served in various senior executive roles at Brightstar Corp., a global distributor and service provider in the wireless industry,
with public reporting requirements, including as Vice President and Global Controller and Interim Chief Accounting Officer. During
her tenure at Brightstar, she was responsible for financial reporting from 55 countries, and was instrumental in various key transactions
including the 1.6 billion sale of Brightstar to SoftBank. Ms. Puche also worked at Ernst Young for 10 years. Ms. Puche holds
a Bachelor s of Accounting from Florida International University. 

Fran ois Binette .
On October 18, 2022, the Company appointed Francois Binette PhD, age 59, as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, effective November
1, 2022. Dr. Binette has served as the Company s Executive VP for Research Development since April 2022. Dr. Binette
has over 25 years of product development expertise in advanced therapies and regenerative medicine. From 2016 to just prior to
joining the Company, Dr. Binette was at Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc (NYSE:LCTX), a leading company in the field of pluripotent
stem cell therapy development with a global footprint focused on ophthalmology, cancer vaccines, and spinal cord injuries, where
he served as the Senior Vice President R D, Global Head of Product Development and led the CNS franchise as well as general
pipeline development, contributing to one of the largest non-cancer cell therapy corporate partnership deals with Genentech worth
over 650 million in upfront and milestone payments. During his first industry appointment at Genzyme Tissue Repair in Cambridge,
he helped pioneer Carticel for cartilage repair, the first FDA BLA-approved cell therapy product for human use. He then
led R D for Biosyntech, a startup biomaterials company in Montreal applying its proprietary platform for various tissue engineering
and drug delivery applications. Dr. Binette then joined the DePuy Franchise of Johnson and Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), the second largest
orthopedic business worldwide where he led several innovative regenerative medicine combination product development initiatives
from discovery to approved clinical trials in US and Europe. Dr. Binette received his PhD from Laval University in Qu bec
City, followed with post-doctoral training at the Sanford-Burnham institute, and Harvard Medical School. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, we believe that during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, all
filing requirements were timely satisfied, except (i) late Form 4 s were filed for Rene Sindlev on December 22, 2021 and
January 4, 2022, (ii) late Form 4 s were filed for Henrik Gronfeldt-Sorensen on December 22, 2021 and January 4, 2022, (iii)
late Form 4 s were filed for Carl Sandler on December 22, 2021, January 7, 2022 and February 23, 2022, (iv) a late Form 4
was filed for Jayne McNicol on June 13, 2022, (v) late Form 4 s were filed for Carol Brosgart on December 21, 2021 and January
3, 2022, (vi) a late Form 4 was filed for Gregg Alton on December 22, 2021, (vii) late Form 4 s were filed for Mark Dybul
on July 22, 2021, and (viii) late Form 4 s were filed for Luisa Puche on November 23, 2021 and January 11, 2022. 

52 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct
(our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics sets forth standards of conduct applicable to our employees, officers and
directors to promote honest and ethical conduct, proper disclosure in our periodic filings, and compliance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations. Our Code of Ethics is available to view at our website, www.enochianbio.com by clicking on Investors/Media-Corporate
Governance. We intend to provide disclosure of any amendments or waivers of our Code of Ethics on our website within four business
days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mark Dybul, M.D. (2) 
 2022 
 850,000 
 100,000 
 
 9,801,000 

10,751,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 430,000 

430,000 
 
 Luisa Puche 
 2022 
 293,750 
 110,000 
 9,812 
 375,780 

795,592 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 275,000 

275,000 

(1) 
 Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by the executive officer. Instead, the amounts shown are the total grant date valuations of stock option grants awarded during the year as determined pursuant to ASC Topic 718. The valuations are expensed for financial reporting purposes over the vesting period of the grant. 
 
 (2) 
 Effective July 1, 2021, Dr. Dybul was appointed our Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as our Executive Vice Chair. 

Arrangements with Named Executive Officers

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022, we had agreements in place with Dr. Dybul and Ms. Puche. A description of each agreement is set forth below. 

Mark R. Dybul, M.D. 
Since January 7, 2019, when Dr. Dybul became our principal executive officer by virtue of his appointment as Executive Vice-Chair
of the Board, Dr. Dybul received compensation as Executive Vice Chair of the Board under his Amended and Restated Director s
Agreement, as amended on May 1, 2019 (the Director Agreement ), which called for cash compensation of 430,000 per
annum, and the grant of options to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock, which was granted on November 21, 2018. The Director
Agreement did not provide for any payments or other benefits upon a change in control. Dr. Dybul was given a one-time grant of
options to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock at a strike price of 8.00 per share on June 11, 2020. 

On October 30, 2019, the
Compensation Committee approved and presented to the Board an employment agreement whereby Dr. Dybul would serve as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer (the Employment Agreement which was recommended by the Board for approval by our stockholders.
On October 31, 2019, our stockholders approved the Employment Agreement via written consent. Effective July 1, 2021, Dr. Dybul
and the Company entered into the Executive Employment Agreement in connection with his appointment to Chief Executive Officer.
The Employment Agreement was subsequently amended on December 12, 2022, effective January 1, 2023. The following is a summary of
the Employment Terms and other material terms of the Employment Agreement, as amended. 

53 

Term . Dr.
Dybul will serve as Chief Executive Officer for a term of three (3) years with automatic yearly renewal terms thereafter unless
terminated at least 90 days before the expiry of a term. 

Duties . Dr.
Dybul will perform duties consistent with the position of Chief Executive Officer, as directed by and reporting to the Board, where
he shall remain a director but without further compensation for Board service. Dr. Dybul will devote a substantial majority of
his business time and attention to the performance of his duties with the Company, but he will be able to hold positions with charitable
organizations approved by the Board, and serve on boards of up to five non-competitive entities, with prior approval by the Board
required for publicly traded companies. 

Place of Employment
and Expenses. Dr. Dybul shall work out of the Company s headquarters in Los Angeles, commuting as needed. Dr.
Dybul shall be reimbursed for reasonable expenses for accommodations in Los Angeles and a company car. 

Cash Compensation .
Dr. Dybul shall be entitled to a base salary of Five Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 550,000) per year. Dr. Dybul shall be eligible
for a bonus of up to 800,000 per year in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee and in accordance with any short-term
incentive plan adopted by the Company. 

Benefits .
Dr. Dybul shall receive benefits provided to similarly situated employees of the Company and five (5) weeks vacation per year. 

Termination .
The Employment Agreement may be terminated by the Company for Cause or by Dr. Dybul without Good Reason 
(each as defined therein), in which case Dr. Dybul will only receive accrued compensation and benefits. In the event the Company
terminates the Employment Agreement without Cause or Dr. Dybul terminates the Agreement with Good Reason, Dr. Dybul will receive
his base salary for one (1) year and vesting of one (1) year s worth of unvested options. 

Change in Control .
Upon a change in control, the option grant described below shall immediately vest, and Dr. Dybul shall have the right to terminate
the Employment Agreement for Good Reason. 

Restrictive Covenants .
Dr. Dybul shall be subject to restrictive covenants set forth in that certain Confidential and Proprietary Information Agreement
attached to the Employment Agreement, which are independent of the obligations set forth in the Employment Agreement. The restrictive
covenants include non-compete, non-solicitation and non-disparagement obligations for one (1) year, provided that the Company
shall continue to pay his base salary for such one (1) year period. 

Description of the
Option Grant. Upon appointment to Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Dybul was awarded an option to purchase 3,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equivalent to the closing price per share quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market
on the trading day prior to the grant date. The option has a ten-year term, subject to continued employment, and 2,000,000 of the
shares will vest ratably on July 1, 2022, July 1, 2023 and July 1, 2024. One-third of the remaining 1,000,000 shares are subject
to vesting at the end of each of the three years beginning with the year ending June 30, 2022, based upon the achievement by the
Company of certain benchmarks. 

Luisa Puche. 
Pursuant to her offer letter from the Company, dated December 28, 2018 (the Offer Letter ), Ms. Puche received an
annual base salary of 200,000, and is eligible for a discretionary cash bonus, with a target of 40 of her base salary. Ms. Puche
also received a grant of options to purchase 60,000 shares of Common Stock and 15,000 restricted stock units, each vesting in equal
increments over three years. The Offer Letter provides for at will employment; provided however, that upon termination of Ms. Puche s
employment by the Company without cause, or for a termination of employment by Ms. Puche for good reason, she will receive six
months salary and COBRA eligibility. Additionally, if the termination without cause or for good reason occurs within 12
months of a change in control, Ms. Puche will also be entitled to a pro-rata bonus and immediate vesting of any unvested options
or restricted stock units. Ms. Puche had a base salary of 300,000 for the fiscal year 2022. Effective October 18, 2022, Ms. Puche
received an increase in base salary to 350,000 following the completion of the 2022 fiscal year and 80,000 options, vesting in
equal increments over three years. 

Francois Binette. 
Pursuant to his offer letter from the Company, dated February 22, 2022, Mr. Binette was hired as the Company s Executive
VP for Research Development starting April 2022 with an annual base salary of 375,000, and is eligible for a discretionary
cash bonus, with a target of 40 of his base salary. Mr. Binette also received a grant of options to purchase 65,000 shares of
Common Stock, vesting on the first anniversary of the date of hire. On October 18, 2022, Mr. Binette was appointed as Chief Operating
Officer of the Company, effective November 1, 2022, and pursuant to an amendment to his offer letter, received an increase in base
salary to 420,000 and 40,000 options, vesting in equal increments over three years. 

54 

Outstanding Equity Awards as of June 30, 2022 

The following table provides
information concerning outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of June 30, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 Number
 of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market 
 Value of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Mark
 R. Dybul, M.D. Chief Executive Officer 
 7,563 
 
 8.00 
 02/27/2028 

5,226 
 
 5.74 
 09/18/2028 

300,000 
 
 6.50 
 11/21/2028 

450,000 
 
 8.00 
 06/11/2030 

3,000,000 
 4.57 
 07/19/2031 

Luisa
 Puche Chief Financial Officer 
 60,000 
 
 6.15 
 06/06/2029 

60,000 
 8.58 
 10/26/2031 

Board Compensation 

The table below sets forth
the compensation earned by directors, all of whom are non-employees for services during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) (1) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 

Ren 
 Sindlev 
 100,000 
 
 53,396 
 
 153,396 
 
 James
 Sapirstein 
 77,500 
 
 52,071 
 
 129,571 
 
 Carl
 Sandler (2) 
 45,000 
 
 52,075 
 
 97,075 
 
 Carol
 Brosgart 
 69,938 
 
 52,993 
 
 122,931 
 
 Gregg
 Alton 
 77,500 
 
 52,993 
 
 130,493 
 
 Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen 
 60,000 
 
 74,066 
 
 134,066 
 
 Jayne
 McNicol 
 75,000 
 
 53,227 
 
 128,227 
 
 Total 
 504,938 
 
 390,821 
 
 895,75 9 

55 

(1) 
 Amounts shown are not intended to reflect value actually received by the directors. Instead, the amounts shown are the total fair value of option awards granted in fiscal 2022 for financial statement reporting purposes, as determined pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC Topic 718. These values are amortized as equity compensation expense over the vesting period of the grants. 

(2) 
 Mr. Carl Sandler resigned from the Board of Directors effective March 25, 2022. Compensation reflects 3 quarters of payments. Equity grants issued to Mr. Sandler during the fiscal year remain available to exercise through their expiration date. 

Narrative to Director s Compensation Table 

Our director compensation
program reflects competitive practices for a NASDAQ listed company. The resulting compensation package for our directors and for
committee service (for members who qualify as independent under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market) as of the date hereof is
set forth in the table below. In addition, our directors are awarded annual options to purchase common stock valued at 75,000. 

Compensation
 Element 
 Value 
 
 Retainer-Board
 Chair 
 100,000 
 
 Retainer-Board
 Members 
 60,000 
 
 Audit
 Committee Chair Fee 
 15,000 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Chair Fee 
 10,000 
 
 Nominating
 Committee Chair Fee 
 10,000 
 
 Audit
 Committee Member Fee 
 7,500 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Member Fee 
 5,000 
 
 Nominating
 Committee Member Fee 
 4,000 

56 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 27, 2023 by: 

each person to be known by us to be
 the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; 

each of our named executive officers;

each of our directors; and 

all of our current executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of the Common Stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes any shares of Common Stock over
which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire ownership at any
time within 60 days. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of Common Stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based
on 55,705,521 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 27, 2023, excluding 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
only upon the exercise of warrants by other warrant holders (see footnotes 2 and 6 to the table below), plus any securities that
the individuals included in this table have the right to acquire within 60 days of February 27, 2023. 

To
our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them.
Unless indicated otherwise, the address for the beneficial holders is c/o Enochian BioSciences Inc. 1927 Paseo Rancho Castilla,
Los Angeles, CA, U.S.A. 

Enochian
 BioSciences Inc. 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
 of Shares 
 
 Ownership 

Directors/Officers: 

Ren 
 Sindlev, Chairman of the Board (1) 
 9,715,490 
 18.31 

Mark
 Dybul, Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 1,495,937 
 2.75 

Luisa
 Puche, Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 96,266 

Francois
 Binette, Chief Operating Officer (7) 

Carol
 Brosgart, Director 
 50,507 

Gregg
 Alton, Director 
 50,507 

James
 Sapirstein, Director 
 85,895 

Jayne
 McNicol, Director 
 26,498 

Henrik
 Gr nfeldt-S rensen, Director (4) 
 91,434 

Directors/Officers
 Total (9 persons): 
 11,612,534 
 21.18 

5 
 Shareholders who are not Directors or Officers: 

RS
 Bio ApS 
 9,668,351 
 18.24 

Serhat
 G mr kc (5) 
 12,526,552 
 23.63 

Anderson
 Wittekind (6) 
 5,352,046 
 10.10 

5 
 Shareholders who are not Directors or Officers Total: 
 27,546,949 
 51.97 

Total: 
 29,491,132 
 55.64 

Indicates less than 1 . 

57 

(1) 
 Includes 9,668,351 shares of Common Stock owned of record by RS Bio ApS, a Danish entity, and options to purchase 47,139 shares of Common Stock exercisable within 60 days of February 22, 2023 owned of record by Mr. Sindlev. Mr. Sindlev, our Chairman of the Board, holds the sole voting and disposition power of the shares owned by RS Bio ApS. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 66,481 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 1,429,456 shares of Common Stock exercisable within 60 days of February 22, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 16,266 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 80,000 shares of Common Stock exercisable within 60 days of February 22, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 50,000 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 41,434 shares of Common Stock exercisable within 60 days of February 22, 2023. Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen, our Director, holds the sole voting and disposition power of the shares owned by Greenfield Holding ApS. Excludes 9,668,351 shares of Common Stock owned of record by RS Bio ApS, a Danish entity, of which Mr. Gr nfeldt-S rensen is an officer but over which he exercises no voting or disposition power. Mr. Sindlev holds the sole voting and disposition power of the shares owned by RS Bio ApS. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 88,121 shares of Common Stock held in a joint investment account with his spouse, and excludes 5,352,046 shares owned by Mr. G mr kc s spouse, to which Mr. G mr kc disclaims beneficial ownership. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes 97,032 shares of Common Stock owned of record by Weird Science, LLC, and 3,615,757 shares owned of record by Mr. Wittekind, 88,121 shares held in a joint investment account with his spouse, and 1,450,568 shares held in trust over which Mr. Wittekind has sole voting and disposition power. Mr. Wittekind is a member and a manager of Weird Science and has sole voting and disposition power. Excludes 1,250,000 shares of Common Stock issuable only upon the exercise of warrants that remain outstanding as contingent consideration to Weird Science, and 12,526,552 shares of Common Stock controlled by Mr. Wittekind s spouse, to which Mr. Wittekind exercises no voting or disposition power. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr. Binette was appointed Chief Operating Officer on October 18, 2022. 

Equity Incentive Plan Information 

The
following table provides information, as of June 30, 2022, regarding the number of shares of Company common stock that may be issued
pursuant to our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders: 
 4,307,820 
 5.37 
 2,835,906 (1) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 4,307,820 
 5.37 
 2,835 ,906 (1) 

(1) 
 On February 6, 2014, the Board adopted the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), and the Company had reserved 1,206,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance in accordance with the terms of the Plan. On October 30, 2019, the Board approved and on October 31, 2019, the Company s stockholders adopted the Enochian BioSciences 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which became effective on December 12, 2019 (the Effective Date and replaced the 2014 Plan. The 2019 Plan authorized options to be awarded to not exceed the sum of (1) 6,000,000 new shares, (2) the number of shares available under the 2014 Plan for the grant of awards as of the Effective Date, and (3) shares underlying outstanding awards granted under the 2014 Plan that, after the Effective Date, expire or are terminated, surrendered or forfeited for any reason without the issuance of shares. The remaining shares available for grant related to the 2014 Plan was 655,769. As of the Effective Date, this amount along with the new 6,000,000 shares totaled 6,655,769 shares available for grant immediately after the Effective Date. 

58 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence 

Transactions with Related
Persons 

Consulting Agreement s
- On July 9, 2018, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with G-Tech Bio, LLC, a California limited liability company G-Tech to assist the Company with the development of the gene therapy and cell therapy modalities for the prevention,
treatment, and amelioration of HIV in humans, and with the development of a genetically enhanced Dendritic Cell for use as a wide
spectrum platform for various diseases (including but not limited to cancers and infectious diseases) (the G-Tech Agreement ).
G-Tech was entitled to consulting fees for 20 months with a monthly consulting fee of not greater than 130,000 per month. Upon
the completion of the 20 months, a monthly consulting fee of 25,000 continued for scientific consulting and knowledge transfer
on existing HIV experiments until the services were no longer being rendered or the G-Tech Agreement is terminated. G Tech is controlled
by certain members of Weird Science. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, 275,000 was charged to research and development
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations related to this consulting agreement. As of May 25, 2022, the
consultant was no longer able to render services. 

On January 31, 2020, the
Company entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the HBV License Agreement by and among the Company,
and G-Tech, and G Health Research Foundation, a not for profit entity organized under the laws of California doing business as
Seraph Research Institute SRI (collectively the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual,
sublicensable, exclusive license (the HBV License for a treatment under development (the Treatment aimed to treat Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) infections. 

The HBV License Agreement
states that in consideration for the HBV License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and certain
other in-kind funding related to the Treatment over a 24 month period, and provides for an up-front payment of 1.2 million within
7 days of January 31, 2020, along with additional payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the
technology set forth in the HBV License Agreement, in each case subject to the terms of the HBV License Agreement. Additionally,
the HBV License Agreement provides for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Treatment
and for a 2 royalty to G-Tech on any net sales that may occur under the HBV License. On February 6, 2020, the Company paid the
 1.2 million up-front payment. The HBV License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the parties
with respect to the development of the Treatment and the HBV License. 

The cash funding for research
costs pursuant to the HBV License Agreement consisted of monthly payments amounting to 144,500 that covered scientific staffing
resources to complete the project as well as periodic payments for materials and equipment needed to complete the project. There
were no payments made after January 31, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid a total of 1,011,500
and 2,409,000, respectively, for scientific staffing resources, R D and IND Enabling studies. During the year ended June 30,
2022, the Company paid 1,500,000 in August 2021 for the milestone completion of a Pre-Investigational New Drug (IND) process following
receipt of written comments in accordance the HBV License Agreement. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors, which
includes certain payments it made related to this license. 

On April 18,
2021, the Company entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the License Agreement ), by and among the
Company, and G Tech and SRI (collectively, the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual sublicensable,
exclusive license (the Development License to research, develop, and commercialize certain formulations which are
aimed at preventing and treating pan-coronavirus or the potential combination of the pan-coronavirus and pan-influenza, including
the SARS-coronavirus that causes COVID-19 and pan-influenza (the Prevention and Treatment ). 

59 

The License Agreement was
entered into pursuant to the existing Framework Agreement between the parties dated November 15, 2019. The License Agreement states
that in consideration for the Development License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and
certain other in-kind funding related to the Prevention and Treatment over a 24-month period. Additionally, the License Agreement
provides for an up-front payment of 10,000,000 and a 760,000 payment for expenditures to date prior to the effective date related
to research towards the Prevention and Treatment within 60 days of April 18, 2021. The License Agreement provides for additional
payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the License Agreement, in
each case subject to the terms of the License Agreement. 

The License Agreement provides
for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Prevention and Treatment and for a 3 royalty
to G Tech on any net sales that may occur under the License Agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, the
Company paid 150,000 and 10,760,000 related to the Prevention and Treatment research. The Company is no longer pursuing any product
candidates that relate to this license. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors to recover all monies it paid related
to this license. 

On August 25, 2021, the
Company entered into an ALC Patent License and Research Funding Agreement in the HIV Field (the ALC License Agreement with Dr. G mr kc and SRI (collectively, the Licensors whereby the Licensors granted the Company
an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, his proprietary technology
subject to a U.S. patent application, to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use solely for the prevention, treatment,
amelioration of or therapy exclusively for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in humans; provided
the Licensors retained the right to conduct HIV research in the field. Pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company granted
a non-exclusive license back to the Licensors, under any patents or other intellectual property owned or controlled by the Company,
to the extent arising from the ALC License, to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use in the diagnosis, prevention,
treatment, amelioration or therapy of any (i) HIV Comorbidities and (ii) any other diseases or conditions outside the HIV Field.
The Company made an initial payment to SRI of 600,000 and agreed to fund future HIV research conducted by the Licensors, as mutually
agreed to by the parties. On September 10, 2021, pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company paid the initial payment of
 600,000. 

G-Tech and SRI are controlled
by Dr. Serhat G mr kc and Anderson Wittekind, shareholders of the Company. 

Compensation of Named Executive Officers
and Directors 

For information regarding compensation of named
executive officers and directors, please see Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Except as otherwise indicated
herein, there have been no other related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed
pursuant to Item 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. 

60 

Director Independence 

The NASDAQ listing standards
provide that an independent director is one who the Board affirmatively determines is free of any relationship that would interfere
with that individual s exercise of independent judgment. The Board has determined that Mr. Sapirstein, Mr. Alton, Dr. Brosgart
and Ms. McNicol are each independent as defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ. In making such determinations, the Board has
concluded that none of these directors has an employment, business, family or other relationship, which, in the opinion of our
Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following information
sets forth fees billed to us by Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC Sadler during the years ended June 30, 2022
and June 30, 2021 for: (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial
statements Audit Fees ), (ii) services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and that are not reported as Audit Fees Audit-Related Fees ), (iii) services rendered in
connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning Tax Fees ), and (iv) services rendered by Sadler other
than the foregoing Other Fees ). 

Audit Fees 

For the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022 Sadler billed an aggregate of 86,000 in Audit Fees. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Sadler billed an aggregate
of 91,975 in Audit Fees. 

Audit-Related Fees 

For the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022 Sadler billed an aggregate of 13,500 in Audit-Related Fees. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Sadler billed
an aggregate of 2,000 in Audit-Related Fees. 

Tax and Other Fees 

None. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Process 

The Audit Committee, which
has been in place since March 28, 2018, pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services on a case-by-case basis. In its
review of non-audit services, the Audit Committee considers whether the engagement could compromise the independence of our independent
registered public accounting firm, and whether it is in our best interests to engage our independent registered public accounting
firm to perform the services. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by our
independent registered public accounting firm to management. The Audit Committee may delegate, and has delegated, pre-approval
authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated must report any pre-approval
decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

During the year ended June
30, 2022, all services performed by Sadler were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

61 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated
by Reference 
 
 3.1

Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018. 

3.2

Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2017. 

4.2 
 
 Promissory Note 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Promissory Note, dated May 17, 2022 

4.4 
 
 Amendment No.3 to Promissory Note, effective December 30,
2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

4.5

Form
of Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, amended effective December 31, 2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020. 

10.1

Form of License Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2018. 

10.2 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 10, 2020. 

10.3 
 
 Statement of Work and License Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 3, 2020. 

10.4 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020. 

10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement by and between the Company and Plaza Medical Office Building, LLC dated November 13, 2017 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 17, 2017. 

10.6 
 
 General Office Lease by and between the Registrant and Century City Medical Plaza Land Co., Inc. dated June 19, 2018 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2018. 

10.7 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and G-Tech Bio, LLC July 9, 2018 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on September 30, 2019. 

62 

10.8 
 
 Offer Letter from the Company to Luisa Puche, dated December 28, 2018 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on September 30, 2019. 

10.09 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 

10.10 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021. 

10.12 
 
 Statement of Work and License Agreement, dated April 18, 2021, by and among the Company, G-Tech Bio, LLC, and G Health Research Foundation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 22, 2021. 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Dr. Mark Dybul 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to 10.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Mark Dybul, M.D. and Enochian BioSciences Inc., dated December 12, 2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to 10.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. 

10.15 
 
 Security Agreement, effective December 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Paseco ApS 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Sadler, Gibb Associates 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Provided
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

63 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February
27, 2023 
 ENOCHIAN
BIOSCIENCES INC. 

By: 
 /s/
Mark Dybul 

Mark Dybul 

Chief Executive
Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
Luisa Puche 

Luisa Puche 

Chief Financial
Officer 

(Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dr.
Mark Dybul 
 
 Chief
Executive Officer 
 
 February
27, 2023 
 
 Dr.
Mark Dybul 
 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/ Luisa
Puche 
 
 Chief
Financial Officer 
 
 February
27, 2023 
 
 Luisa
Puche 
 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Ren 
Sindlev 
 
 Director
and Chairman of the Board 
 
 February
27, 2023 
 
 Ren 
Sindlev 

/s/ Henrik
Gr nfeldt-S rensen 
 
 Director

February
27, 2023 
 
 Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen 

/s/ Gregg
Alton 
 
 Director 
 
 February
27, 2023 
 
 Gregg
Alton 

/s/
Jayne McNicol 
 
 Director

February
27, 2023 
 
 Ms.
Jayne McNicol 

/s/ James
Sapirstein 
 
 Director

February
27, 2023 
 
 James
Sapirstein 

/s/ Carol
Brosgart 
 
 Director

February
27, 2023 
 
 Carol
Brosgart 

64 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 e4443_ex4-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.3

EXHIBIT 4.3 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 

 TO 

 PROMISSORY NOTE 

This 
 Amendment No. 2 to Promissory Note (this Amendment ), 
 dated as of 
 May 17, 2022 (the Effective 
 Date ), is entered into by 
 and between ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES,
INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 
 and PASECO APS (the Holder ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
the Company issued to the Holder that certain Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000, dated March 30, 2020 (the
 Original Note ); 

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 2 of the Original Note, the note matures with the entire principal amount payable on November 30 2021; 

WHEREAS ,
 Section 7(a) of the Original Note provides that the Original Note and any provision therein may be amended by the written
agreement of the Company and the Holder; and 

WHEREAS ,
Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note the Company and the Holder amended the Original Note to extend the maturity of the Original
Note until November 30, 2022. 

WHEREAS ,
the Company and the Holder desire to extend the maturity of the Original Note until November 30, 2023 and to amend certain other
terms of the Original Note as set forth below. 

NOW 
 THEREFORE , in consideration 
 of the mutual 
 promises contained in 
 this Amendment and for other 
 good and valuable 
 consideration, the receipt 
 and sufficiency of 
 which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder, intending to be 
 legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Capitalized Terms . Except as may be expressly provided herein, all capitalized terms used
herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Original Note. 

2. Amendment to Section 1 . The Company and the Holder desire
to amend the Original Note to increase the interest accrued on the Principal to a rate of twelve percent (12 per annum, and as
such, Section 1 of the Original Note is hereby amended and shall read in its entirety as follows: 

Interest shall accrue
on the Principal received by Maker from the date so received at a rate of twelve percent (12 per annum. Interest shall be calculated
on the Issue Date on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed until the Maturity Date (as defined below) and shall be subject
to mandatory prepayment in-kind pursuant to Section 4 below. 

3. Amendment to Section 2 . The Company and the Holder desire to amend the Original Note to
extend the maturity of the Original Note until November 30, 2023, and as such, Section 2 of the Original Note is hereby
amended and shall read in its entirety as follows: 

The entire unpaid Principal
shall be due and payable by the Maker to the Payee on November 30, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). All payments
hereunder shall be made at the Payee s address as set forth herein below or as otherwise may be designated by the Payee in
writing. 

4. Amendment to Section 4 . Section 4 of the Original Note is hereby amended to add the
following: 

Accrued Interest payable
from November 30, 2022 until May 30, 2023 shall be paid by the Maker in-kind on the date hereof in fully paid and non-assessable
shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), valued at the closing
sale price of the Common Stock of the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date hereof. All accrued interest payable from May 30, 2023
to the Maturity Date shall be payable by the Maker on May 30, 2023, at the option of the Holder either (i) in cash or (ii) in non-assessable
shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at the closing sale price of the Common Stock of the Nasdaq Capital Market on
May 30, 2023. 

5. Conforming Changes . All provisions in the Original Note and any amendments, attachments,
schedules or exhibits thereto in conflict with this Amendment shall be and hereby are changed to conform to this Amendment. 

6. Full Force and Effect . The Original Note is not amended hereby and shall remain in full
force and effect, except as otherwise set forth in this Amendment. The parties hereby ratify and confirm the terms and conditions
of the Original Note, as supplemented and amended by this Amendment. 

7. Recitals . The Recitals above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated by reference. 

8. Applicable law . The substantive laws of the applicable
state, as well as terms regarding forum and jurisdiction, as originally provided in the Original Note shall govern the construction
of this Agreement and the rights and remedies of the parties hereto. 

9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (including by means of electronic
transmission), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same
agreement. 

Signature Page Follows 

2 

IN 
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and
the Holder have made 
 and executed this 
 Amendment effective as of 
 the Effective Date. 

COMPANY : 
 
 HOLDER : 
 
 ENOCHIAN BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 
 PASECO APS 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Luisa Puche 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ole Abildgaard 
 
 Name: Luisa Puche 
 
 Name: Ole Abildgaard 
 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Title: CEO 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Promissory Note 

3 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 e4443_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company as of June 30, 2022: 

Subsidiary Legal
Name 
 State or Other
Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Enochian Biopharma, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Enochian Biosciences Denmark
ApS 
 Denmark 
 
 Enochian Tecnologies, Inc. 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 e4443_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Registered with the Public Company 

 Accounting Oversight Board 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 

 Enochian Biosciences, Inc. 

 Los Angeles, CA 

We hereby consent
to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-239837) of Enochian Biosciences, Inc. of our report
dated October XX, 2022 relating to the consolidated
financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC 

Salt Lake City, UT 

 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 e4443_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Mark Dybul, certify that: 

1. 
 I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enochian Biosciences Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. 
 Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
 
 Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
Mark Dybul 

Mark
Dybul 

Chief
Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 e4443_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Luisa Puche, certify that: 

1. 
 I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enochian Biosciences Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. 
 Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
 
 Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 27, 2023 

/s/
Luisa Puche 

Luisa Puche 

Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 e4443_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enochian Biosciences
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), the undersigned, Mark Dybul, as Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certifies
as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
 
 The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
February 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
Mark Dybul 

Mark
Dybul 

Chief
Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 e4443_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enochian Biosciences
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), the undersigned, Luisa Puche, as Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certifies
as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
 
 The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
February 27 , 2023 

/s/
Luisa Puche 

Luisa Puche 

Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 enob-20220630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 enob-20220630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 enob-20220630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 enob-20220630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

