<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1922858_0001493152-23-009183.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4606456</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259163</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>803144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1472777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>890251</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1065690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009183.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327205044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009183
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EF Hutton Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001922858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41497
		FILM NUMBER:		23765967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 SHIPYARD DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-528-0767

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 SHIPYARD DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009183.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

At June 30, 2022, the Registrant s shares were not listed on any
exchange and all of the shares of Registrant s outstanding common stock was held by affiliates. The shares of the Registrant s
common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange on September 9, 2022. Accordingly, at
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was
 . 

The
number of outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock as of March 24, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

EF
Hutton Acquisition Corporation I 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART
 I 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 22 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 
 
 PART
 IV 
 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 35 

2 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
and our refer to EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I. 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on March 3, 2021 as a Delaware corporation under the name Shipyard Acquisition
Corporation II. On September 3, 2021 we changed the name of the company to EF Hutton Acquisition Corp. II and on April 4, 2022 we again
changed the name of the Company to EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I. Our business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our
initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this
offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any
substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geography, our business strategy is to identify and complete
our initial business combination within the consumer and retail industry. 

On
March 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement with Humble Imports Inc., d/b/a E.C.D. Auto
Design, a Florida corporation (the ECD ), ECD Auto Design UK, Ltd., an England and Wales corporation (the ECD UK
Subsidiary ), EFHAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant,
and Scott Wallace as Securityholder Representative, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into ECD with ECD as the surviving
corporation and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). In connection with the Merger, the Company
will change its name to E.C.D. Automotive Design Inc. or such other name designated by ECD by notice to the Company. Please
see the section of this Form 10-K entitled Recent Event The Merger Agreement for additional information. 

Our
Sponsor and Competitive Advantages 

We
have assembled a sponsor team and a management team, including an independent board of directors, with sourcing, diligence, valuation,
and operational expertise which we expect will provide us with a significant differentiated pipeline of opportunities. 

Our
leadership team has a diverse and long-term operational and investment experience with small and mid-cap companies across various sectors
over the course of several business cycles. The sponsor, through our founders, has established middle-market expertise through various
careers in the public equity asset management, investment banking, and consumer staples management industries. We believe that our core
competency as small cap growth specialists places us in a unique position to scour the middle market to identify and transact upon a
superior business at an attractive price. Over the course of their careers, our management team has developed a broad network of contacts
and corporate relationships around the world through sourcing, acquiring, and financing businesses. This team has garnered a reputation
of integrity and fair dealing, particularly within the commonly underserved small-cap ecosystem. We believe this growing network and
reputational excellence will provide us with proprietary deal flow as exceptional investors and partners. 

Our
management team is led by Benjamin Piggott, the Chairman of our Board and our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Kevin M. Bush,
our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), and David Boral and Joseph Rallo, our Co-Presidents. Messrs. Boral and Rallo are founding
members, and Mr. Piggott is currently a Managing Director of EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ),
a boutique middle market investment bank. 

Our
Chairman and CEO, Benjamin Piggott, has been a Managing Director at EF Hutton since its inception in June 2020. Prior to joining EF Hutton,
Mr. Piggott was Head of Corporate Development at Laird Superfood (NYSE American: LSF), a plant-based, omni-channel natural food company
based in Sisters, Oregon. Mr. Piggott had served as an investor in Laird Superfood and later joined as Head of Corporate Development,
assisting in capital raising efforts, including Laird Superfood s initial public offering IPO on September 23,
2020. While at Laird Superfood, Mr. Piggott built a strong pipeline of acquisition candidates in the natural food and beverage sector
by vetting over 100 companies. Mr. Piggott also helped to successfully negotiate the sale of a minority equity stake in the company to
Danone S.A. Prior to Laird Superfood, Mr. Piggott spent fifteen years in the investment industry, ten of which were with the Small Cap
Team at Fidelity Management Research Company where he served as both a research analyst and sector portfolio manager. Mr. Piggott
also spent two years at Legg Masson Capital Management as a generalist covering small mid-cap companies. During his time on the buy-side,
Mr. Piggott has been active in analyzing a number of IPO opportunities. As a result of his fifteen years of experience on the buy-side,
Mr. Piggott has strong relationships with participants in the investment community that are active in special purpose acquisition company SPAC IPOs and private investment in public equity deals PIPEs ). During his tenure on the buy-side, Mr.
Piggott covered various sectors, both domestically and internationally, including consumer, technology, healthcare, energy, industrials
and utilities. We plan to leverage Mr. Piggott s network and relationships garnered from his experience in corporate development,
investment management, and on the buy-side to develop a proprietary pipeline of targets to complete a high-quality merger. 

Our
CFO, Kevin M. Bush, is the Chief Strategy Officer at Fresh Dining Concepts FDC as well as the Managing Partner of Green
Shoot Partners GSP ), the majority shareholder of FDC. Mr. Bush founded GSP as an investment firm focused on lower-middle-market
private businesses with a concentration in franchising. Mr. Bush also has strong relationships with several of the Limited Partners at
GSP who are members of the buy-side community. In 2019, GSP completed its inaugural transaction in the space, purchasing FDC. FDC is
one of the largest Focus Brands franchisee groups. Through the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, FDC s long track
record of successful M A and development has only accelerated under the ownership of GSP. Prior to founding GSP, Mr. Bush spent nine
years at Fidelity Management and Research Company as a research analyst covering numerous sectors including consumer, real estate, technology,
media, telecom, industrials, aerospace and emerging markets. Mr. Bush s experience and relationships developed while at FDC and
GSP as well as at Fidelity Management and Research Company, will help contribute to sourcing and acquiring a high-quality target. 

4 

Our
Co-Presidents, Joseph Rallo and David Boral, are the founding members of EF Hutton. Collectively, they have raised gross proceeds of
approximately 13.4 billion across more than 224 transactions since founding EF Hutton in May of 2020. Since January 2021 Mr. Rallo and
Mr. Boral as principals at EF Hutton have successfully brought public 53 SPACs, totaling over 5.9 billion in aggregate gross proceeds.
EF Hutton s emphasis on quality diligence and trusted partnerships has created a continuously expanding ecosystem of high-quality
small and mid-cap corporations. We plan to leverage this network and reputation to garner both trust and respect in the sourcing process
to complete a high-quality merger. 

Our
affiliation with EF Hutton will allow us to leverage the knowledge and expertise of not only Messrs. Piggott, Rallo and Boral but also
of all 61 investment professionals currently employed at the organization. 

We
have also assembled a group of independent directors who will provide public company governance, executive leadership, operational oversight,
private equity investment management and capital markets experience. Our board members have extensive experience, having served as directors
or officers for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies. Our directors will play an active role in sourcing and conducting
due diligence on targets. 

Anne Lee, an independent director.
Ms. Lee joined Anheuser-Busch as the Director of Wholesale M A in October 2022. From 2018 to 2020, Ms. Lee was an investment banker
in the Consumer Group at Nomura Securities and from 2010 to 2018 she was an investment banker in the Consumer Group at Stephens Inc. Ms.
Lee has over a decade of investment banking experience and has executed numerous transactions focused on M A, debt equity raises,
spin-offs, IPOs, and SPACs. Ms. Lee has worked alongside CEOs and CFOs and has vast knowledge of private and public markets within the
consumer sector. During her investment banking career, Ms. Lee has spearheaded several transactions for Utz Brands, Inc. (NYSE:UTZ referred
to herein as Utz including the minority capital raise from Metropoulos Co. and the acquisition of Inventure Foods,
Inc. (formerly Nasdaq: SNAK) through a going-private tender offer that were pivotal amongst other acquisitions for Utz to quickly scale
from a private company to a public company and to become the #3 brand platform in U.S. Salty Snacks and one of the fastest growing salty
snack platforms of scale. While at Nomura Securities, Ms. Lee advised Collier Creek Holdings on its 1.6 billion SPAC merger with Utz
in 2020. Ms. Lee also worked as an M A consultant for Utz Brands, Inc., from September 2020 to February 2021, where she led the acquisition
of Vitner s snack brand from Snak-King Corp. and helped with the acquisition of Truco Enterprises, a leading seller of tortilla
chips, salsa and queso under the ON THE BORDER brand from Insignia Capital Group and the acquisition of the H.K. Anderson peanut
butter-filled pretzel brand from Conagra Brands. Ms. Lee received her Master of Science in Finance from Purdue University and holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and a Bachelor of Science degree in Management from the University of Utah. 

Paul
Hodge Jr. is an independent director. Mr. Hodge is experienced as a life-long business startup founder and operator, working across multiple
industries and businesses over the last 30 years. Most recently Mr. Hodge co-founded Laird Superfood and served as its President and
CEO and a member of its board of directors from its founding in 2015 through January 2022. Prior to founding the company, in 2015, Mr.
Hodge founded GolfBoard Inc. In 2014, Mr. Hodge founded GB Leasing, a leasing company designed to lease fleets of GolfBoards. Prior to
that Mr. Hodge was the founder and operator of businesses in commercial/utility clean energy, home technology, factory automation and
computers. 

Thomas
Wood, an independent director, is a serial entrepreneur, having started and taken public three energy services companies over the course
of his career. In 2017, Mr. Wood was a sponsor and the CFO of National Energy Services Reunited Corp. (NASDAQ: NESR), a 200 million
SPAC, that successfully completed a business acquisition with Gulf Energy SAOC and National Petroleum Services on June 6, 2018. Mr. Wood
was instrumental in the IPO raising of the SPAC and the search of merger candidates and remains an active board member of the combined
company, which has an enterprise value of approximately 1.1 billion as of April 1, 2022. 

Stanley
Hutton Rumbough, an independent director, is a private investor and philanthropist. Through his family office, SHR Ventures, LLC,
Mr. Rumbough pursues investments across a range of businesses spanning real estate and resort development, minerals exploration, and
financial technology, including most notably the Adirondack Club Resort (under development) and HUTN, Inc. (formerly EF Hutton
America, Inc.) which was engaged in developing a consumer-oriented digital finance and investment platform. Mr. Rumbough is the
grandson of Edward Francis Hutton, noted financier and co-founder of E.F. Hutton Co., one of the largest and most influential
financial firms of the 20 th century. The family legacy includes ownership and management of some of mid-century
America s best-known companies including General Foods, Birdseye, and Colgate-Palmolive, as well as E.F. Hutton Co.
Building on generations of investment expertise, his father founded and/or ran more than 40 companies, provided initial investments
into the Vail ski resort, and served on U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower s White House Staff. Mr. Rumbough s deeply
entrenched investment network should prove invaluable in both vetting and attracting potential targets and partners. Mr. Rumbough
served as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1970 to 1978. He hold a Bachelor s Degree from the University of Denver and
a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University. 

The
past performance of the members of our management team or their affiliates is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable
candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not
rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team or any of its affiliates performance as indicative of
our future performance. 

5 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete an initial business combination with a strong and predictable cash flow generative business
that has an enterprise value in the range of 400 million to 1 billion. We intend to specifically focus on companies aligned with the
core principles that create enduring businesses and cash flow streams such as: multi-year operating history of financial performance
including strong growth, current or potential near-term free cash flow generation, valuable brand equity, long duration growth dynamics,
seasoned senior management team, and a strong structurally sustainable competitive position. We plan to prioritize and invest in underlying
company characteristics, not specific businesses or industries that may possess great attributes. We believe the lower middle private
markets hold the greatest potential to unlock shareholder value when coupled with our management expertise and public market financing
background. The following characteristics are indicative of the types of strong and predictable cash flow generative businesses that
we intend to consider: 

Businesses
 with a track record of top-line growth and strong prospects for continued top-line growth; 

Businesses
 that have the ability to generate strong free cash flow and re-invest it at high incremental rates of return; 

Businesses
 that have the ability to build long term sustainable competitive advantages from factors such as, but not limited to branding, distribution,
 intellectual property, network effects and scale; 

Businesses
 that have proven adept in acquiring and retaining customers at a lower cost and longer duration than their competitors; 

Businesses
 that command a fair valuation for the quality of their assets; 

Businesses
 that have management teams with a firm grasp of the importance around capital allocation, whose incentives are aligned with shareholders
 and who understand the importance of driving value on a per share basis; and 

Businesses
 that can leverage a public currency to both accelerate organic growth initiatives and deploy it at accretive terms for M A to
 drive long term shareholder value. 

We
will effectively employ the industry skills, experience and extensive network of our management team and directors to add substantive
value to our target company. Our management team seeks to employ the following strategies and skills to realize this potential. 

Leverage
Talented and Capable Management Team: Draw on a wealth of knowledge across the Consumer Retail spectrum to reach full potential. 

Exploit
Deep Industry Relationships: Capitalize on decades of industry expertise and extensive industry networks across various sectors and
the largest financial institutions in the world. 

Capital
Allocation to Drive Growth: Drive platform strategy; identify roll-up and roll-out opportunities to put capital to work. 

Leverage
Capital Markets and M A Experience : Leverage experience in sourcing debt and equity capital and history of acquiring and integrating
acquisitions; focus on companies in target rich sectors. 

Maximize
Shareholder Value: Maximize shareholder value at every opportunity; the management team will strive to unlock hidden value through
tested strategies. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
believe our initial stockholders and advisors, including SHR Ventures, LLC (the family office of a descendant of the founding families
of E.F. Hutton Co., one of the largest and most influential financial firms of the 20 th century, and Colgate-Palmolive),
as well as EF Hutton, will provide us with multiple channels of high quality, proprietary deal flow. Furthermore, we plan on leveraging
traditional sources that include, but are not limited to various corporate networks, investment banks, family offices, financial sponsors,
hedge funds, trade associations, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. We will seek to leverage the strengths
of each of our initial stockholders, officers, directors and advisors as a source for the best possible deal for our shareholders. EF
Hutton is an emerging small-cap boutique investment bank that, as of March 31, 2022, employed 57 investment professionals who have regular
access to deal flow in both private and public markets. 

We
believe that the following factors differentiate our strategy and management team from other SPACs: 

Being
 small on purpose: A significant number of potential targets are available to our SPAC given its size, and there is less competition
 for such targets; 

Differentiated
 vantage point: Our team has spent decades scouring the globe and studying businesses across industries and geographies, creating
 a mosaic of industry agnostic success; 

Learned
 from Fortune 1000 C-Suite Executives: Messrs. Piggott and Bush have covered hundreds of companies, serving as equity research
 analysts and managing investment portfolios at Fidelity. With their prior experience as equity research analysts, having led thousands
 of closed-door interviews with Fortune 1000 C-suite executives, Messrs. Piggott and Bush have gained important insight into business
 strategy and operational execution. We believe these invaluable conversations have equipped us with pattern recognition for identifying
 successful, and perhaps just as important, unsuccessful, decision making; and 

Experienced
 Investors and Operators: We have experience investing in and building brands, historically taking both controlling or minority
 interests in both public and private, mission-driven companies. Each of Messrs. Piggott and Bush has more than a decade of investment
 experience in both public and private investing, often focusing on the consumer and retail industry and acquisitive platform companies.
 These years of investment management experience, coupled with their respective ventures into private consumer investing, demonstrate
 our holistic approach to sourcing and vetting. 

6 

We
believe our leadership team s successful track record, both investing and operational, will prove attractive to prospective companies
with experienced guidance and insight. 

Industry
Opportunity 

While
we may acquire a business in any industry, our focus will be on identifying targets in the consumer and retail industry. In addition,
we believe that the lower middle-market exhibits the most fertile ground to find enduring growth businesses as the pool of viable targets
vastly outnumbers the available capital providers. We believe the growing size of both SPAC IPOs and venture capital deals suggests that
the lower middle market is increasingly overlooked and underserved. We believe these smaller companies may grow faster than their larger
peers and should gain greater incremental benefit from an efficient capital injection, and that this supply-demand dynamic should lead
to a highly remunerative investment for both our investors and target acquisition. We believe our targeted small cap ecosystem, at the
intersection of quality and value, holds the greatest potential return on capital for all stakeholders involved. 

We
believe there are numerous founder- and privately-owned businesses in the lower middle market that could benefit from our active ownership,
operating model and capital to scale their businesses. We believe that our company represents an attractive business combination alternative
to owners in our target industry and sectors given (a) the significant demand for consumer and retail equities by public market investors
who understand these sectors and often value the perceived stability and cash flow generation of consumer and retail assets, (b) the
potential for well-run, diversified and scaled consumer and retail businesses to trade at a premium relative to potential private transaction
values for smaller consumer and retail assets and (c) our potential to add significant value to target businesses through our management
team s experience and operational strategies. We also believe the consumer and retail industry and related sectors may present
attractive returns for investors during this stage in the economic cycle as our experience has shown that numerous sub-segments, such
as consumer staples, have historically exhibited limited cyclicality and resilience to economic recessions. 

Additionally,
we believe the consumer and retail industry presents attractive investment opportunities due to the following reasons: 

Large
 and Growing Industry: 1 U.S. consumer and retail sales are estimated to be 5.2 trillion in 2021, up from 4.4 trillion
 in 2016, and are forecasted to grow to 6.2 trillion by 2025E at a 4.5 CAGR; 

Supportive
 Macroeconomic Backdrop : 2 As COVID-19 lockdown restrictions are eased and vaccination rates increase, economists expect
 that consumer spending will continue to be a key driver of growth in 2022. For the full year 2022, the U.S. economy is expected to
 grow by 2.3 in 2022 and 2.1 in 2023; and 

High
 Degree of Fragmentation : 3 Many subsectors within consumer products remain highly fragmented and contain a large number
 of privately held businesses that we believe could benefit from our management team s experience as the consumer landscape
 becomes increasingly supportive of smaller consumer brands. According to IRI, small CPG companies saw the largest year over year
 increase in market share at 4.9 , relative to their large and medium sized peers. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. While we intend to utilize
these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision
to pursue a particular opportunity. 

We
are focused on strong and predictable cash flow generative businesses with enterprise values in the range of 500 million to 1 billion,
aligned with the following four pillars: 

Attractive
 business profile: We are focused on companies with an established market presence given the fragmented nature of the targeted
 lower middle market, along with a defensible competitive moat in the form of brand and distribution ,
 and combined with proven qualities in acquiring and retaining customers at a lower cost and longer duration than their competitors;

Positioned
 at the intersection of quality and value: We are looking to acquire a target at a reasonable valuation based on the quality of
 its assets and believe our experienced management team and board members are in the position to identify such targets; 

Strong
 and disciplined management team: We will seek operators with a firm grasp of the importance around capital allocation, whose
 incentives are aligned with shareholders and who understand the importance of driving value on a per share basis; and 

Growth
 opportunities via capital allocation: Given the fragmented nature of our target lower middle market, we believe strong business
 platforms can accelerate opportunistic growth through precise organic development and inorganic bolt-on M A aided by prudent
 leverage. 

1
 See Euromonitor International. (2021, February). Retailing in the United States [Industry Report]. 

 2
 See Economic Forecast for the US Economy (conference-board.org) https://www.conference-board.org/research/us-forecast?msclkid=0604a049b6e611eca45337fa4df24f67. 

 3
 See Study Reveals Trendsetting CPG Companies - The Food Institute https://foodinstitute.com/focus/study-reveals-trendsetting-cpg-companies/#:~:text=Large 20CPGg 20companies 20continued 20to 20drive 20growth 20via,followed 20by 20large 20 282.8 25 29 2C 20and 20medium 20 282 25 29 20producers.?msclkid=24c8665eb6b411ecb26d334e96e869c1. 

7 

We
intend to focus our search on fundamentally sound businesses that we believe have a competitive advantage, can be industry leaders, can
scale rapidly, can capitalize on one or more of the above trends, and where there is substantial opportunity for operational improvements.
We intend to avoid targeting businesses experiencing or at significant risk of experiencing material disruption to their businesses from
technology, shifting consumer preferences or other factors. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time
our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and the taxes payable on the interest earned
on the trust account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors
will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to
independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value
of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular
target or, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant
to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or
for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be valued for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target
business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target
businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information made available to us as we deem appropriate. We may also retain
consultants with expertise relating to a prospective target business. 

8 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Sourcing
of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets 

We
are continuously made aware of potential business opportunities in the consumer products sector, one or more of which we may desire to
pursue for an initial business combination; we have not, however, selected any specific business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our
initial stockholders, officers and directors will provide us with multiple channels of high-quality, proprietary deal flow. We will leverage
the strengths of each of our initial stockholders, officers, directors and advisors to source the best possible deal for our shareholders.
EF Hutton is an emerging small cap boutique investment bank that, as of March 1, 2023, employed 61 investment professionals who have
regular access to deal flow in both private and public markets. The members of our board of directors also have significant executive
management experience and bring additional relationships that further broaden our industry network. 

We
believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with an important source of acquisition
opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business combination candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment banks and other market participants, family offices, financial sponsors, hedge funds, trade associations,
consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. 

Members
of our management team, including our independent directors, will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private units following
this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of
interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

In
addition, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Please see the section of this Form 10-K entitled Management Conflicts
of Interest for additional information. 

In
addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However,
we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 24 Shipyard Drive, Suite 102, Hingham, MA 02043, and our telephone number is (929) 528-0767. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

9 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with
it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company provided: (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250
million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues are less than 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

Redemption
Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public stockholder, whether voting for or against such proposed business
combination, will be entitled to demand that his or her shares of common stock be redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the amount
then in the trust account (initially 10.00 per share), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount
equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or hers or any other person with whom he or she is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking conversion
rights with respect to 20 or more of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to
vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or her, or his or her affiliates.
We believe this restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed
business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then current market price. By not allowing a stockholder to redeem more than 20 of the shares of common stock sold in
our IPO, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which
is favored by our other public stockholders. 

None
of our insiders will have the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights
or pre-business combination activity with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired
prior to our IPO or purchased by them in our IPO or in the aftermarket. 

We
may also require public stockholders who wish to redeem, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at
the holder s option. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any
proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver
his or her shares if he or she wishes to seek to exercise his or her conversion rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required
to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a public stockholder
would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their
shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver
shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require
stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is
not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in
connection with a blank check company s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders 
vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the
proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her conversion rights. After the business combination was approved,
the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination during which he or she could
monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he or she could sell his
or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a continuing 
right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the holder delivered its certificate. 

10 

The
requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder s election to redeem his or her shares
is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares once made may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered his or her certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides
prior to the vote on the proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
conversion rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation
if No Business Combination 

Pursuant
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company will have until 9 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering to consummate the initial Business Combination. However, if it anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
its initial business combination within 9 months, it may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times,
each by an additional one-month period (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for it to consummate its initial business combination, the Sponsor
or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account 575,000,
or 0.05 per share for each one-month extension, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, or up to an aggregate of 5,175,000,
or 0.45 per share if the Company extends for the full nine months. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans
will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of an initial business combination. If the Company completes its initial
business combination, it would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it. If the Company does
not complete a business combination, it will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the initial stockholders contains
a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the Trust
Account in the event that the Company does not complete a business combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination. Stockholders will not be able
to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. If the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
number of then outstanding public stock, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in the case to the Company s obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law 

If
we do not complete a business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (unless extended), we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. At such time, the rights
will expire and holders of the rights will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such rights, and the rights will be worthless. 

Under
the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent
of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within
the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures
set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made
to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. 

11 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of
three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible
following the 12th or 15th or 18th month from the closing of our IPO and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the above procedures.
As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and
any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation
Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending
claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company,
rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only
likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We
will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our IPO) and any prospective target businesses
enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any
monies held in the trust account. The underwriters in our IPO will execute such a waiver agreement. As a result, the claims that could
be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust.
We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability
to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers
and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party was to refuse to execute
such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we would be unable to obtain,
on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute such a waiver. Examples
of instances where we may engage a third-party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third-party consultant who
cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to independence requirements,
or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required services willing to provide
the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust
account. Our insiders have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for
services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.00 per public share, except as to any claims by a third-party who executed
a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Our board of directors has evaluated our insiders financial net worth and believes they
will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that may arise. However, our insiders may not be able to satisfy their indemnification
obligations, as we have not required our insiders to retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we
taken any further steps to ensure that they will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, our insiders
will not be liable to our public stockholders and instead will only have liability to us. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share
distribution from the trust account could be less than approximately 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute
to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held
in the trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released to us, (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors as described below). 

If
we are unable to consummate an initial business combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion
of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly
after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders
have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent
liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our insiders have agreed to pay the
funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and have agreed not to
seek repayment of such expenses. Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account,
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims
of public stockholders. 

Our
public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial
business combination in the required time period or if the stockholders seek to have us convert their respective shares of common stock
upon a business combination which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. 

If
we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the
per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

12 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these
reasons. 

Certificate
of Incorporation 

If
we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business
combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any insider shares,
private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically,
our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior
 to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of
 whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, net of taxes payable, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of
 a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we
 will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that
 would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are
 voted in favor of the business combination; 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated within 9 months (unless extended to for a total of 18 months, as applicable)
 from the closing of our IPO, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of
 our public holders of shares of common stock; 

we
 may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
 or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

Potential
Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each
of our insiders has entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to
us and our activities prior to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders,
although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions
 relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could
 be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions
 relating to our insiders being required to vote in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational
 documents could be amended to allow our insiders to vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The
 requirement of members of the management team to remain our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could
 be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty
 locating a target business and another management team had a potential target business; 

The
 restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original
 management team; 

The
 obligation of our management team to not propose amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose
 such changes to our stockholders; 

The
 obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow
 them to receive such compensation; and 

The
 requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except
as specified above, stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes.
Such changes could result in: 

Our
 having an extended period of time to consummate a business combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders
 would certainly redeem their shares in connection with any such extension); 

13 

Our
 insiders being able to vote against a business combination or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our
 operations being controlled by a new management team that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our
 insiders receiving compensation in connection with a business combination; and 

Our
 insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We
will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example,
if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors has fiduciary
obligations to us requiring that he or she act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to
compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our
 obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion
 of a transaction; 

our
 obligation to convert shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
 business combination; 

our
 obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commission to the underwriters upon consummation of our initial business combination; 

our
 obligation to either repay working capital loans that may be made to us by our insiders or their affiliates; 

our
 obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any shares
 issued to our insiders or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the
 impact on the target business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on
 developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Any
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management
believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive
advantage over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial business combination
with a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If
we succeed in effecting our initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the
target business. Subsequent to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at 24 Shipyard Drive, Suite 102, Hingham, MA 02043. The office space, utilities and
secretarial services are provided without cost by our sponsor, EF Hutton Partners, LLC. We consider our current office space, combined
with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
have two executive officers. This individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote
only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in.
We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated
against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been
subject to any such proceeding in the 10 years preceding the date of this Form 10-K. 

14 

Recent
Event 

The
Merger Agreement 

On
March 3, 2023, Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement with Humble Imports Inc., d/b/a E.C.D. Auto Design,
a Florida corporation (the ECD ), ECD Auto Design UK, Ltd., an England and Wales corporation (the ECD UK Subsidiary ),
EFHAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Scott Wallace
as Securityholder Representative, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into ECD with ECD as the surviving corporation and
becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). In connection with the Merger, the Company will change
its name to E.C.D. Automotive Design Inc. or such other name designated by ECD by notice to the Company. The Board of Directors
of the Registrant (the Board has unanimously (i) approved and declared advisable the Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated thereby, and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of
the Registrant. Capitalized terms used in this Form 10-K, but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to
them in the Agreement. 

Company
Securities 

Merger
Consideration. At the closing of the Merger, the Company will issue 21 million shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share, to the former security holders of ECD, as further described in the Agreement. The Company
will also pay the former security holders of ECD a cash payment of 15,000,000 as consideration for the Merger. 

PIPE 

The
Company and ECD shall use commercially reasonable efforts to raise capital in an aggregate amount of approximately 65 million through
a private placement of the Company s common stock. 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (i) entity organization,
good standing and qualification, (ii) capital structure, (iii) authorization to enter into the Agreement, (iv) compliance with laws and
permits, (v) taxes, (vi) financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, (vii) real and personal property, (viii)
material contracts, (ix) environmental matters, (x) absence of changes, (xi) employee matters, (xii) litigation, and (xiii) brokers and
finders. 

Covenants 

The
Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Merger and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Agreement also contains additional covenants of the
parties, including, among others, covenants providing for the Registrant and ECD to use reasonable best efforts to cooperate in the preparation
of the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement (as each such term is defined in the Agreement) required to be filed in connection
with the Merger and to obtain all requisite approvals of their respective stockholders including, in the case of the Registrant, approvals
of the restated certificate of incorporation, the post-closing board of directors and the share issuance under Nasdaq rules. The Registrant
has also agreed to include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of its board that stockholders approve all of the proposals to be
presented at the special meeting. 

Exclusivity 

Each
of the Registrant and ECD has agreed that from the date of the Agreement to the earlier of the closing of the Merger and the termination
of the Agreement, neither ECD nor the Company will: (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, engage or participate in negotiations with any
party concerning any alternative transaction, (ii) take any other action intended or designed to facilitate the efforts of any person
relating to a possible alternative transaction or (iii) approve, recommend or enter into any alternative transaction or any contract
or agreement related to any alternative transaction. 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon customary closing conditions including: (i) no authority having enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced or entered any law or order which is then in effect that makes the transactions contemplated by the Agreement illegal or otherwise
prohibits consummation of such transactions; (ii) no legal action having been commenced or asserted in writing (and not orally) by any
authority to enjoin or otherwise materially restrict the consummation of the Closing; (iii) the approval of the Agreement by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of ECD; (iv) each of the Required the Company Proposals (as defined in the Agreement) having been approved at
the Company s stockholder meeting; (v) the combined company s initial listing application filed with Nasdaq in connection
with the Merger having been approved; (vi) the Form S-4 filed by the Registrant relating to the Merger Agreement and the Merger will
have been declared effective and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 will have been issued by the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC that remains in effect and no proceeding seeking such a stop order will have been initiated by
the SEC and not withdrawn; (vii) the Company Closing Cash shall equal or exceed 65,000,000, (viii) each party having performed or
complied with the provisions of the Agreement applicable to it, subject to agreed upon standards; (ix) the truth and accuracy of each
party s representations and warranties included in the Agreement, subject to agreed-upon standards; (x) the absence of any material
adverse effect with respect to a party to the Agreement; (xi) the receipt of a certificate, dated as of the Closing, signed by the respective
Chief Executive Officer certifying the compliance with various closing conditions; (xii) the execution by the relevant party or parties
of all ancillary documents; (xiii) ECD will have delivered to the Company a duly executed certificate conforming to the requirements
of Sections 1.897-2(h)(1)(i) and 1.1445-2(c)(3)(i) of the United States Treasury regulations, and a notice to be delivered to the United
States Internal Revenue Service as required under Section 1.897-2(h)(2) of the United States Treasury regulations, each dated no more
than 30 days prior to the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonable acceptable to the Company; (xiv) no more than 5 of the issued
and outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock having exercised dissenters rights of appraisal; (xv) ECD having provided each
Company Consent set forth on Schedule 4.8 of the Agreement; (xvi) ECD having delivered to the Company the financial statements required
to be included in the Company s SEC Documents and the 2022 Audited Financial Statements prior to March 31, 2023; (xvii) each Company
Securityholder listed on Schedule 7.4(a) of the Agreement will have entered into a Company Lock-Up Agreement with respect to such Company
Securityholder s Merger Consideration Shares (as defined in the Agreement); (xviii) the UK Contribution has been completed in accordance
with the terms set forth in this Agreement; (xviii) the Amended the Company Charter will have been filed with the Delaware Secretary
of State and become effective; (xix) ECD will have received a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, from the Secretary of each of
the Company and Merger Sub certifying certain matters; (xx) the Company will have received a certificate from ECD s Secretary,
dated as of the Closing Date certifying to certain matters; (xxi) each of the Company, Sponsor or other stockholder of the Company, as
applicable, will have executed and delivered to ECD a copy of each Additional Agreement to which the Company, Sponsor or such other stockholder
of the Company, as applicable, is a party; (xxii) the receipt by ECD of the resignations of the Registrant s directors; and (xxiii)
the post-Effective Time the Company Board of Directors and Company Board of Directors being in compliance with the size and composition
requirements of the Agreement. 

15 

Termination 

The
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing as follows: (i) by the Company or ECD, in the event that (a) the Closing
of the transactions has not occurred by September 13, 2023 (such date, the Outside Closing Date (ii) if any authority
has issued an order or enacted a law, having the effect of making the transactions contemplated by the Agreement illegal or otherwise
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, which
order or law is final and non-appealable; provided that, the actions of the party seeking to terminate was not a substantial cause of,
or substantially resulted in, such action by such authority; (iii) by mutual written consent of the parties; (iv) by either the Company
or ECD if the other has breached any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant contained in the Agreement such that the conditions
to Closing cannot be satisfied and such breach cannot be cured by the earlier of 30 days following receipt of written notice of such
breach and the Outside Closing Date; and (v) by the Registrant, if: (a) at any time after ECD Stockholder Written Consent Deadline (as
defined in the Agreement) ECD has not received ECD Stockholder Approval. 

The
foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the actual agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated
by reference herein. 

Certain
Related Agreements 

Company
Support Agreement 

Concurrent
with the execution of the Agreement, certain stockholders of ECD entered into a Company Stockholder Support Agreement with the Registrant
and ECD in which each such stockholder agreed to vote their shares of Company Capital Stock in favor of the Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby. Stockholders also agreed to waive any rights of appraisal, dissenter s rights, and any similar rights under
applicable law and not to sell or otherwise transfer any of their shares of Company Capital Stock unless the buyer, assignee, or transferee
thereof executes a joinder agreement to ECD Stockholder Support Agreement. 

The
foregoing description of ECD Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the actual agreement, which was included as Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement and as Exhibit 10.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The
Parent Support Agreement 

Concurrent
with the execution of the Agreement, EF Hutton Partners, LLC (the Sponsor and the pre-IPO investors in the Company, entered
into a Parent Stockholder Support Agreement with ECD and the Registrant in which the Sponsor and the pre-IPO investors in the Company
agreed to (i) not transfer any shares or redeem any shares of the Company s common stock held by it unless the buyer, assignee, or transferee
thereof executes a joinder agreement to the Parent Stockholder Support Agreement and (ii) to vote in favor of the adoption of the Agreement
and the other proposals to be presented at the special meeting of stockholders at which the Agreement and related proposals are considered. 

The
foregoing description of the Parent Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and
conditions of the actual agreement, which was included as Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement and as 10.2 to a Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

16 

Additional
Agreements to be Executed prior to Closing 

Company
Lock-up Agreement 

The
Agreement provides that the Registrant, ECD and certain Company stockholders will enter into a lock-up agreement (the Company
Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which such Company stockholders will agree, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i)
sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of the Company s common stock they receive in the Merger (the Company Lock-Up Shares ), (ii) enter into a transaction that would have the same effect,
(iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of ECD Lock-Up Shares, (iv) publicly disclose the intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (iii), or (v) engage
in any short sales with respect to any security of the Company, until the date that is six months after the date on which the Effective
Time occurs. 

The
foregoing description of ECD Lock-Up Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the actual agreements, a form of which was included as Exhibit C to the Merger Agreement and as Exhibit 10.3 to a Current Report on
Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Sponsor
Lock-up Agreement 

The
Agreement provides that the Registrant, ECD and the Sponsor will enter into a sponsor lock-up agreement (the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Sponsor will not (i) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any
shares of the Company s common stock held by them at the Effective Time (such shares, together with any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for or representing the rights to receive shares of the Company s common stock as of the Effective Time, the Sponsor
Lock-Up Shares ), (ii) enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement
that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Sponsor Lock-up Shares, (iv) publicly disclose
the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, or
(v) engage in any short sales with respect to any security of the Company, until the date that is six months after the date on which
the Effective Time occurs. 

The
foregoing description of the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms
and conditions of the actual agreements, a form of which was included as Exhibit D to the Merger Agreement and as Exhibit 10. to a Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Restrictive
Covenant Agreement 

Prior
to Closing, the Company, ECD, and each of ECD Stockholders will enter into a restrictive covenant agreement (the Restrictive Covenant
Agreement ), pursuant to which ECD Stockholder acknowledges and agrees to certain non-compete and non-solicitation covenants for
the benefit of ECD and the surviving company after the Merger. A copy of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.5
hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
foregoing description of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of
Restrictive Covenant Agreement, the form of which was filed as Exhibit E to the Merger Agreement and Exhibit 10.5 to a Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

Prior
to Closing, the Company, ECD, certain holders of the Company s common stock, and the holders
of the private units of the Company will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Company will provide the above holders with certain
rights relating to the registration for resale of the Company s common stock that they will receive at Closing. 

The
foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, the form of which was filed as Exhibit F to the Merger Agreement
and Exhibit 10.6 to a Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at 24 Shipyard Drive, Suite 102, Hingham, MA 02043. The office space, utilities and
secretarial services are provided without cost by our sponsor, EF Hutton Partners, LLC. We consider our current office space, combined
with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol EFHTU on September 9, 2022. The common stock,
warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on December 8, 2022, under the symbols EFHT, 
 EFHTW and EFHTR , respectively. In January 2023, all of our units were mandatorily separated into common stock,
warrants and rights. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 14,632,500 of our shares of common stock outstanding held by 21 stockholders of record. The number of
record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
March 4, 2021, EF Hutton Partners, LLC Sponsor ), purchased an aggregate of 3,450,000 shares of our common stock (up to
450,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised) for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. These shares are collectively referred to herein as Founder Shares. 
Thereafter on March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company 575,000 founder shares for cancellation, leaving the Sponsor with
2,875,000 Founder Shares (up to 375,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to
which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). On March 8, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate total of 708,738
founder shares. Then on April 5, 2022, three of the initial stockholders transferred an aggregate amount of 141,624 founder shares back
to the Sponsor. On May 23, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate amount of 57,500 founder shares to the other three initial stockholders. 

The
registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on September 8, 2022. On September 13,
2022, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares
of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of
their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,500,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000, which is
described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 257,500 units (each, a Private Placement
Unit and, collectively, the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private
placement to the Sponsor, Kevin M. Bush (Chief Financial Officer), Paul Hodge Jr. (one of the directors) and SHR Ventures, LLC, generating
gross proceeds of 2,575,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs amounted to 4,950,750, consisting 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 925,750 of other offering costs. 

The
Company entered into agreements with anchor investors prior to the Initial Public Offering that committed each anchor investor to purchase
9.9 tranches of the Units or the actual Units allocated to it. Additionally, each of the ten 9.9 anchor investors purchased 75,000
founder shares from certain initial stockholders, for a total of 750,000 founder shares, at the original purchase price of founder shares
or 0.009 per share. Each anchor investor acquired from the initial founder share owners on a pro-rata basis, an indirect economic interest
in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial
Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares
were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

18 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 3, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting
a merger, stock capital exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more
businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target and the Company
has not, nor has anyone on the Company s behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business
Combination target. 

On
September 13, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the
shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,500,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 257,500 units (each, a Private Placement Unit 
and, collectively, the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement
to the Sponsor, Kevin M. Bush (Chief Financial Officer), Paul Hodge Jr. (one of the directors) and SHR Ventures, LLC, generating gross
proceeds of 2,575,000. 

Following
our initial public offering and the private placement, a total of 116,150,000 10.10 per Public Share) was placed in our trust account.
We incurred 4,950,750 in initial public offering related costs, including 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 925,750 of
other offering costs. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a business combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 3, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and identifying
a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business
combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in our trust account established
for the benefit of our public stockholders (the trust account ). We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence and other expenses in connection with
searching for, and completing, a business combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 577,440, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in
the trust account of 1,104,670, offset by the formation and operating costs of 258,337, stock-based compensation of 62,500 and provision
for income taxes of 206,393. 

19 

For
the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 490, which consists solely of formation and
operating costs. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 299,537. Net income of 577,440 was affected by the interest
income on marketable securities held in the trust account of 1,104,670 and stock-based compensation of 62,500. Changes in operating
assets and liabilities decreased as a result of 165,193 provided for operating activities. 

For
the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 0. Net loss of 490 was offset
by the change in operating assets and liabilities of 490. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the trust account of 117,254,670 (including 1,104,670 of interest income)
consisting primarily of U.S. Treasury securities. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes.
Through December 31, 2022, we have not withdrawn any interest earned from the trust account. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust
account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole
or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash held outside the trust account of 546,210. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the terms of which have not been determined
nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto, or in connection with additional deposits into the Trust Account
in order to extend the time available to us to consummate the initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds on a non-interest-bearing
basis as may be required. If the Company completes initial Business Combination, the Company will repay such loaned amounts out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
the Company s initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 5,475,000
of such loans may be convertible into private units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of
the Company s initial Business Combination. 

We
may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or
third parties. Our officers, directors and our Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly,
we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial
Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution, should we be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. We have until June 13, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination, or until March 13, 2024 if we extend the period of time to
consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by June 13, 2023 (or March 13, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination by the full amount of time), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after June 13, 2023 (or March 13,
2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). We intend to continue to search
for and seek to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. We are within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation
date as of the time of filing of this Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

20 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

The
underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 4,025,000,
upon the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

Craig-Hallum
Capital Group LLC Craig-Hallum acted as a qualified independent underwriter for the Initial Public Offering. We have
agreed to indemnify Craig-Hallum against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a qualified independent underwriter,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Craig-Hallum received a fee of 100,000 upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
for acting as qualified independent underwriter. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

We
evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives
in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for
as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting
date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including
whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative
liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of
the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

We
will account for the Rights as equity-classified instruments based on an assessment of the Rights specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considered whether the Rights were freestanding financial instruments pursuant
to ASC 480, met the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the Rights met all the requirements for equity classification
under ASC 815, including whether the Rights were indexed to the Company s own shares of common stock, among other conditions for
the equity classification. 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

Our
common stock sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of
such public shares in connection with our liquidation, or if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with our initial
Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, we classify public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity
as the redemption provisions are not solely within our control. The public shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants) and as such, the initial carrying value of public shares classified
as temporary equity are the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The public shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99
and are currently not redeemable as the redemption is contingent upon the occurrence of events mentioned above. According to ASC 480-
10- S99-15, no subsequent adjustment is needed if it is not probable that the instrument will become redeemable. 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares are affected by charges
against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Stock 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss) per common
stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. Accretion
associated with the redeemable shares of common stock is excluded from earnings (losses) per share as the redemption value approximates
fair value. 

21 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102 (b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective,
due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex
financial instruments and fair value instruments including fair value measurement. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed
necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly,
management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management
intends to implement remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting.
Specifically, we intend to expand and improve our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We have improved
this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding
complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing
accounting professionals. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of March 21, 2023. 

follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Benjamin
 Piggott 
 
 42 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Kevin
 M. Bush 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Joseph
 Rallo 
 
 37 
 
 Co-President
 and Director 

David
 Boral 
 
 39 
 
 Co-President
 and Director 

Paul
 Hodge Jr. 
 
 49 
 
 Director

Stanley
 Hutton Rumbough 
 
 75 
 
 Director

Thomas
 Wood 
 
 66 
 
 Director

Anne
 Lee 
 
 38 
 
 Director

Benjamin
Piggott has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since inception . Mr. Piggott has been a Managing Director at
EF Hutton since its inception in June 2020. Prior to joining EF Hutton, Mr. Piggott was Head of Corporate Development at Laird Superfood
(NYSE American: LSF), a plant-based, omni-channel natural food company based in Sisters, Oregon. Mr. Piggott had served as an investor
in the company and later joined as Head of Corporate Development, assisting in capital raising efforts, including the Company s
IPO on September 23, 2020. While at Laird Superfood, Mr. Piggott built a strong pipeline of acquisition candidates in the natural food
and beverage sector by vetting over 100 companies. Mr. Piggott also helped to successfully negotiate the sale of a minority equity stake
in the company to Danone S.A. Prior to Laird Superfood, Mr. Piggott spent fifteen years in the investment industry, ten of which were
with the Small Cap Team at Fidelity Management Research Company where he served as both a research analyst and sector portfolio
manager. Mr. Piggott also spent two years at Legg Masson Capital Management as a generalist covering small mid-cap companies. During
his time on the buy-side, Mr. Piggott has been active in analyzing a number of IPO opportunities. As a result of his fifteen years of
experience on the buy-side, Mr. Piggott has strong relationships with participants in the investment community that are active in SPAC
IPOs and private investment in PIPEs. During his tenure on the buy-side, Mr. Piggott covered various sectors, both domestically and internationally,
including consumer, technology, healthcare, energy, industrials and utilities. We plan to leverage Mr. Piggott s network and relationships
garnered from his experience in corporate development, investment management, and on the buy-side to develop a proprietary pipeline of
targets to complete a high quality merger. Mr. Piggott received his Bachelor of Science in Finance from Bentley University in 2002 and
graduated with honors. 

Kevin
M. Bush has served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception. Mr. Bush is the Chief Strategy Officer at Fresh Dining Concepts FDC as well as the Managing Partner of Green Shoot Partners GSP ), the majority shareholder of FDC. Mr.
Bush founded GSP as an investment firm focused on lower-middle-market private businesses with a concentration in franchising. Mr. Bush
also has strong relationships with several of the Limited Partners at GSP who are members of the buy-side community. In 2019, GSP completed
its inaugural transaction in the space, purchasing Fresh Dining Concepts. FDC is one of the largest Focus Brands franchisee groups. Through
the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, FDC s long track record of successful M A and development has only accelerated
under the ownership of GSP. Prior to founding GSP, Mr. Bush spent nine years at Fidelity Management and Research Company as a research
analyst covering numerous sectors including consumer, real estate, technology, media, telecom, industrials, aerospace and emerging markets. 

Joseph
Rallo has served as our Co-President and a director since inception. Mr. Rallo has been the Chief Executive Officer of EF Hutton
since 2020. Mr. Rallo has over sixteen years of investment banking and securities industry experience. He has completed a vast array
of transactions across different product types, which include IPOs, Secondaries/Follow-on Offerings, Registered Directs, SPACs, PIPEs,
Private Offerings, Fixed Income and Fairness Opinions. His public and private offering transactional experience spans a broad range of
industries, having completed over 300 equity and debt transactions representing over 60 billion in aggregate value. Mr. Rallo has also
completed diverse Merger Acquisitions assignments, including serving as strategic advisor to the Special Committees and Board of
Directors of many public companies. Prior to joining EF Hutton, Mr. Rallo was Co-Head of Investment Banking/Managing Director at Aegis
Capital from 2019 to 2020, a Director in the Investment Banking Group at Maxim Group from 2017 to 2019 and previously, served as Vice
President in the Financial Institutions Real Estate Investment Banking Group at JMP Securities LLC from 2007 to 2017. Mr. Rallo
received his BBA in Finance from the Mendoza College of Business at the University of Notre Dame. 

David
Boral has served as our Co-President and a director since inception. Mr. Boral has been the President of EF Hutton since 2020.
Mr. Boral has over sixteen years of investment banking and capital markets experience. Mr. Boral has led and participated in
transactions including IPOs, Secondaries/Follow-on Offerings, SPACs, PIPEs, Reverse Mergers, M A, Bankruptcy/Restructurings,
Cross Listings and other private and public offerings in the US and abroad representing over 10 billion in aggregate value. As a direct result of his transactional experience, Mr.
Boral has an extensive network of relationships with public company management teams, board of director members and private equity
investors. Prior to joining EF Hutton, Mr. Boral was with Aegis Capital Corp. as Co-Head of Investment Banking/Managing Director
from 2019 to 2020. Prior to that he was with Maxim Group as a Director in the Investment Banking Division 2017 to 2018. He also
served as a Director at Aeon Funds from 2015 to 2016 and served on the Board of Viatar CTC Solutions in 2016. Mr. Boral received a
BBA in Finance from the Lubin School of Business at Pace University. 

23 

Paul Hodge Jr. , is an independent director. Mr. Hodge is experienced as a life-long business
startup founder and operator, working across multiple industries and businesses over the last 30 years. Most recently Mr. Hodge co-founded
Laird Superfood and served as its President and CEO and a member of its board of directors from its founding in 2015 through January 2022.
Prior to founding the company, in 2015, Mr. Hodge founded GolfBoard Inc. In 2014, Mr. Hodge founded GB Leasing, a leasing company designed
to lease fleets of GolfBoards. Prior to that Mr. Hodge was the founder and operator of businesses in commercial/utility clean energy,
home technology, factory automation and computers. 

Stanley
Hutton Rumbough is an independent director. Mr. Rumbough is a private investor and philanthropist. Through his family office,
SHR Ventures, LLC, Mr. Rumbough pursues investments across a range of businesses spanning real estate and resort development,
minerals exploration, and financial technology, including most notably the Adirondack Club Resort (under development) and
HUTN, Inc. (formerly EF Hutton America, Inc.) which was engaged in developing a consumer-oriented digital finance and investment
platform. Mr. Rumbough is the grandson of Edward Francis Hutton, noted financier and co-founder of E.F. Hutton Co., one of the
largest and most influential financial firms of the 20 th century. The family legacy includes ownership and management of
some of mid-century America s best-known companies including General Foods, Birdseye, and Colgate-Palmolive, as well as E.F.
Hutton Co. Building on generations of investment expertise, his father founded and/or ran more than 40 companies, provided
initial investments into the Vail ski resort, and served on U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower s White House Staff. Mr.
Rumbough s deeply entrenched investment network should prove invaluable in both vetting and attracting potential targets and
partners. Mr. Rumbough served as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1970 to 1978. Mr. Rumbough holds a Bachelor s Degree
from the University of Denver and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University. 

Thomas
Wood is an independent director. Mr. Wood is a serial
entrepreneur, having started and taken multiple energy companies public over the course of his career. Since 2022, Mr. Wood has been the
Executive Chairman and founder of Advanced Mining Drilling Technologies LLC, which is a private company currently developing battery metals
extraction technology. He is also the Chairman and co-founder of XtremeX Mining Technology Corp which is a coil tubing patented mining
technology targeted at precious metals and battery metals discovery and testing. In 2017, Mr. Wood was a sponsor and the CFO of National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. (NASDAQ: NESR), a 200 million SPAC, that successfully completed a business acquisition with Gulf Energy
SAOC and National Petroleum Services on June 6, 2018. Mr. Wood was instrumental in the IPO raising of the SPAC and the search of merger
candidates and remains an active board member of the combined company, which has an enterprise value of approximately 1.7 billion as
of June 30, 2021. He has over 35 years of experience in establishing and growing public and private companies that provide or use oil
and gas contract drilling services. Since December 1990, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Round Up Resource Service Inc.,
a private investment company. Mr. Wood founded Xtreme Drilling Corp. (TSX: XDC), an onshore drilling and coil tubing technology company,
in May 2005 and served as its Executive Chairman until May 2011 and its Chief Executive Officer and Director from May 2011 through August
2016. He is the founder of Savanna Energy Services Corp. (TSE: SVY), a North American energy services provider, where he served as the
Chairman from 2001 to March 2005. He also served as Director at various companies engaged in the exploration and production of junior
oil and gas, including Wrangler West Energy Corp. from April 2001 to 2014; New Syrus Capital Corporation from 1998 to 2001 and Player
Petroleum Corporation from 1997 to 2001. In addition, Mr. Wood served as the President, Drilling and Wellbore Service, of Plains Energy
Services Ltd. from 1997 to 2000 and Wrangler Pressure Control from 1998 to 2001. He served as the President of Round-Up Well Servicing
Inc. from 1988 to 1997 and Vice President of Shelby Drilling from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Wood holds a BA in Economics from University of Calgary. 

Anne
Lee is an independent director. Ms. Lee joined Anheuser-Busch as the Director of Wholesale M A in October
2022. From 2018 to 2020, Ms. Lee was an investment banker in the Consumer Group at Nomura Securities and from 2010 to 2018 she was an
investment banker in the Consumer Group at Stephens Inc. Ms. Lee has over a decade of investment
banking experience and has executed numerous transactions focused on M A, debt equity raises, spin-offs, IPOs, and SPACs.
Ms. Lee has worked alongside CEOs and CFOs and has vast knowledge of private and public markets within the consumer sector. During
her investment banking career, Ms. Lee has spearheaded several transactions for Utz Brands, Inc. (NYSE: UTZ referred to herein as
 Utz including the minority capital raise from Metropoulos Co. and the acquisition of Inventure Foods, Inc.
(formerly Nasdaq: SNAK) through a going-private tender offer that were pivotal amongst other acquisitions for Utz to quickly scale
from a private company to a public company and to become the #3 brand platform in U.S. Salty Snacks and one of the fastest growing
salty snack platforms of scale. While at Nomura Securities, Ms. Lee advised Collier Creek Holdings on its 1.6 billion SPAC merger
with Utz in 2020. Recently, Ms. Lee also worked as an M A consultant for Utz Brands, Inc., from September 2020 to February 2021,
where she led the acquisition of Vitner s snack brand from Snak-King Corp. and helped with the acquisition of Truco
Enterprises, a leading seller of tortilla chips, salsa and queso under the ON THE BORDER brand from Insignia Capital Group and
the acquisition of the H.K. Anderson peanut butter-filled pretzel brand from Conagra Brands. Ms. Lee received her Master of Science
in Finance from Purdue University and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and a Bachelor of Science degree in Management
from the University of Utah. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our current officers or directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have seven (7) directors on our board of directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required
to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Our board consists of a majority
of independent directors. Our directors are appointed for one-year terms to hold office until the next annual meeting of the holders
of our common stock or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

24 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We expect that our board of directors will determine that Paul Hodge Jr., Anne Lee,
Stanley Hutton Rumbough and Thomas Wood are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our initial stockholders, officers
or directors or any affiliate of our initial stockholders, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However,
these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We may pay EF Hutton, or an affiliate of
our sponsor, cash compensation for acting as placement agent for a private placement or for services in connection with our initial business
combination, in amounts consistent with market standards for comparable services. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business
combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we
do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for
their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Paul Hodge Jr., Anne Lee and Thomas Wood serve as members of our audit
committee, and Ms. Lee chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Hodge and Wood and Ms. Lee meet the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Wood qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

25 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

A
copy of our audit committee charter is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Paul Hodge Jr., Anne Lee and Stanley Hutton Rumbough serve as members
of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members
of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Hodge and Rumbough and Ms. Lee are independent and Ms. Lee will
chair the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

A
copy of our compensation committee charter is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. However, we may pay EF Hutton, or an affiliate of our sponsor,
cash compensation for acting as placement agent for a private placement or for services in connection with our initial business combination,
in amounts consistent with market standards for comparable services. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

26 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Hodge, Rumbough and Wood
and Ms. Lee. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating
committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit
to this Form 10-K. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Subject
to pre-existing fiduciary or contractual duties as described below, our officers and directors have agreed to present any business opportunities
presented to them in their capacity as a director or officer of our company to us. Our officers and directors presently have fiduciary
or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is
suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us
to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
The determination of whether an opportunity has been expressly offered to a director or officer solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company will made based on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer
is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit
committee of our board of directors. 

Our
officers and directors may become officers or directors of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended
to be registered under the Exchange Act, even prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
 waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial
 business combination. In addition, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
 trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
 time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of
 the private units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the placement securities
 will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our initial stockholders
 until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our
 initial business combination, if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
 for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination. With certain limited exceptions, the private units,
 and the component securities underlying the private units, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by the private placement
 participants or their permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since the private
 placement participants and officers and directors and any Anchor investors holding founder shares may directly or indirectly own
 common stock, warrants and rights following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

27 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
 or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to
 our initial business combination. 

Our
 sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements
 as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 5,475,000 of such loans, together with certain other loans
 that may be made in connection with extending the time available to us to consummate our initial business combination, may be convertible
 into private units, at a price of 10.00 per private unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
 combination, provided that in no event will any loans provided by our sponsor before the effective date of this offering or during
 the 60 days after the effective date of this offering be convertible into our securities. The private units will be identical to
 the public units, except as described elsewhere in this this Form 10-K. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The determination of whether an opportunity
has been expressly offered to a director of officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company will made based
on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered
in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit committee of our board of directors. 

The
following table summarizes the current material pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

obligations: 

Individual (1) 
 
 Entity (2) 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Benjamin
 Piggott 
 
 EF
 Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC 
 
 Investment
 banking 
 
 Managing
 Director 
 
 Kevin
 M. Bush 
 
 Green
 Shoot Partners 
 
 Investment
 vehicle 
 
 Majority
 shareholder 

Fresh
 Dining Concepts 
 
 Food
 brand franchise group 
 
 Chief
 Strategy Officer 
 
 David
 Boral 
 
 EF
 Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC 
 
 Investment
 banking 
 
 President 
 
 Joseph
 Rallo 
 
 EF
 Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC 
 
 Investment
 banking 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Stanley
 Hutton Rumbough 
 
 SHR
 Ventures, LLC 
 
 Family
 office 
 
 Sole Member 

HUTN,
 Inc. 
 
 Finance
 and investment platform 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Anne
 Lee 
 
 Anheuser-Busch 
 
 Brewing company 
 
 Director of Wholesale M A 

Thomas
 Wood 
 
 Advanced Mining Drilling
Technologies LLC 
 
 Battery metals extraction
technology 
 
 Executive Chairman 

XtremeX Mining Technology
Corp . 
 
 Coil tubing patented
mining technology 
 
 Chairman 

National Energy Services Reunited Corp. 
 
 Oil Field Service Provider 
 
 Board Member 

(1) 
 Each
 person has a fiduciary duty with respect to the listed entities next to their respective names. 

(2) 
 Each
 of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference relative to our company with respect to the performance by each
 individual listed in this table of his or her obligations and the presentation by each such individual of business opportunities. 

28 

Accordingly,
if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of
the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects
the opportunity. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions,
that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our
sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares, private
shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, each of our Anchor Investors has
entered into an investment agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them offering in favor
of our initial business combination. Although the Anchor Investors are not contractually obligated to vote any public shares they own
in favor of our initial business combination, their ownership of founder shares may provide an incentive for them to do so. 

Legal
Proceedings 

Unless
otherwise indicated, no officer, director, or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved
in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, except Solar Nation, an entity for which Paul Hodge, Jr. was the CEO
 and founder until 2011, filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in February 2013; 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting their involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Having
 any government agency, administrative agency, or administrative court impose an administrative finding, order, decree, or sanction
 against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity; 

Being
 the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity;
 or 

Having
 any administrative proceeding threatened against them related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking
 activity. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent
authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary
duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally
violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper
personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

29 

We
will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of
any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit
such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers
and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations
to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

Except
as set forth below no executive officer or director has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Kevin M. Bush our
chief financial officer received as compensation 50,000 founder shares prior to the Company s IPO. Each of our independent directors,
Paul Hodge, Jr., Stanley Hutton Rumbough, Thomas Wood and Anne Lee, received as compensation 50,000 founder shares prior to the Company s
IPO. 

Our
officers and directors will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities
on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us provided, however, that to the extent such expenses
exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an
initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting
held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current
Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth as of March 3, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers
and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 3, 2023, we had 14,632,500 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, including shares of common stock underlying the units and rights. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the rights included
in the units or the private rights issued pursuant to the Company s initial public offering as these rights are not convertible
until consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

30 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 EF Hutton Partners, LLC (1)(2) 
 1,819,918 
 12.4 
 
 Joseph Rallo (1)(2) 
 1,819,918 
 12.4 
 
 David Boral (1)(2) 
 1,819,918 
 12.4 
 
 Kevin M. Bush (1) 
 78,864 

Stanley Hutton Rumbough (1) (3) 
 223,186 
 1.5 
 
 Paul Hodge Jr. (1) 
 107,729 

Thomas Wood (1) 
 50,000 

Anne Lee (1) 
 50,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 2,329,697 
 15.9 
 
 Five Percent Holders 

Oaktree Fund GP, LLC (4) 
 990,000 
 6.8 
 
 ATW SPAC Management LLC (5) 
 1,040,000 
 7.1 
 
 Mangrove Partners (3) 
 990,000 
 6.8 
 
 Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (7) 
 1,029,403 
 7.0 
 
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (8) 
 915,750 
 6.3 
 
 Taconic Capital Advisors, L.P. (9) 
 1,065,000 
 7.3 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (10) 
 990,000 
 6.8 
 
 Yakira Partners, L.P. (11) 
 990,000 
 6.8 

Less
 than 1 

(1) 
 The
 address for EF Hutton Partners, LLC and each of the Company s officers and directors shall be care of the Company at 24 Shipyard
 Drive, Suite 102, Hingham, MA 02043. 

(2) 
 Joseph
 Rallo and David Boral have investment and dispositive control over the shares held by EF Hutton Partners, LLC. 

(3) 
 Includes the shares held by SHR Ventures, LLC because Mr. Rumbough shares
investment and dispositive control over such shares, with the manager of SHR Ventures, LLC. 

(4) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) OCM Value SPAC Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership OCM Value SPAC ), in its capacity
 as the direct owner of 495,000 units of the Issuer; (ii) OCM Value SPAC Holdings II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
 OCM Value SPAC II ), in its capacity as the direct owner of 495,000 units of the Issuer; (iii) Oaktree Fund GP, LLC, a
 Delaware limited liability company Fund GP ), in its capacity as the general partner of each of OCM Value SPAC and OCM
 Value SPAC II; (iv) Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership GP I ), in its capacity as the managing
 member of Fund GP; (v) Oaktree Capital I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Capital I ), in its capacity as the
 general partner of GP I; (vi) OCM Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings I ), in its capacity
 as the general partner of Capital I; (vii) Oaktree Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), in
 its capacity as the managing member of Holdings I; (viii) Oaktree Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 OCG ), in its capacity as the managing member of Holdings; (ix) Oaktree Capital Group Holdings GP, LLC, a Delaware
 limited liability company OCGH GP ), in its capacity as the indirect owner of the class B units of OCG; (x) Brookfield
 Corporation (f/k/a Brookfield Asset Management Inc.), an Ontario corporation Brookfield ), in its capacity as the
 indirect owner of the class A units of OCG, in its capacity as such; and (xi) BAM Partners Trust, a trust established under the laws
 of Ontario (the BAM Partnership ), in its capacity as the sole owner of Class B Limited Voting Shares of Brookfield.
 The address of the principal business office of the foregoing parties is 333 S. Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071,
 except the address of the principal business office of Brookfield and of the BAM Partnership is Brookfield Place, Suite 300, 181 Bay
 Street, P.O. Box 762, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2T3. This information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties
 on February 14, 2023. 

(5) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) ATW SPAC Management LLC, (ii) Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez and (iii) Kerry Propper. The address of the principal business
 office of the foregoing parties is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, NY 10004. This information is based upon a Schedule 13G
 filed by the foregoing parties on February 14, 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Mangrove Partners, with a principal address at c/o Maples Corporate Services, Ltd., PO Box 309, Ugland House,
 South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands KY1-1104, (ii) Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd., with a principal
 address at c/o Maples Corporate Services, Ltd., PO Box 309, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman
 Islands KY1-1104 and (iii) Nathaniel August, with a principal address at 645 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
 This information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties on February 14, 2023. 

31 

(7) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC Lighthouse ), (ii) MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated
 portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 136 ), (iii) MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 214 and (iv) Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC Shaolin ). The address of the principal
 business office of the foregoing parties is 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410. This information is based
 upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties on February 14, 2023. 

(8) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Boothbay Fund Management, LLC and (ii) Ari Glass. The address of the principal business office of the foregoing
 parties is 140 East 45th Street, 14yh Floor, New York, NY 10017. This information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing
 parties on February 10, 2023. 

(9) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. (Taconic Advisors LP), (ii) Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP (Taconic Advisors
 UK), (iii) Taconic Associates LLC (Taconic Associates), (iv) Taconic Capital Partners LLC (Taconic Capital), (v) Taconic Capital
 Performance Partners LLC (Taconic Partners); and (vi) Frank P. Brosens (Mr. Brosens). The address of the principal business of office
 of each of Taconic Advisors LP, Taconic Associates, Taconic Partners, Taconic Capital and Mr. Brosens is c/o Taconic Capital Advisors
 L.P. 280 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The address of the principal business office of Taconic Advisors UK is 55 Grosvenor
 Street, 4th Floor, London, W1K 3HY, UK. This information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties on February
 10, 2023. 

(10) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. and (ii) Polar Multi Strategy Master Fund. The address of the principal
 business office of the foregoing parties is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada MSJ 0E6. This information is based upon
 a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties on February 9, 2023. 

(11) 
 Includes
 the shares held by (i) Yakira Partners, L.P., (ii) Yakira Enhanced Offshore Fund Ltd. and (iii) MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio. The
 address of the principal business office of the foregoing parties is 1555 Post Road East, Suite 202, Westport, CT 06880. This information
 is based upon a Schedule 13G filed by the foregoing parties on January 31, 2023. 

All
of the insider shares issued pursuant to our IPO are placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow
agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50 of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until
the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date the closing price of our
common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the
insider shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of
our initial business combination or earlier in either case if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

During
the escrow period, the holders of these insider shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) transfers among
the insiders, to our officers, directors, advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon
its liquidation, (3) transfers to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and
distribution upon death, (5) transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater
than the price at which the securities were originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation
of an initial business combination, in each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
and forfeiture, as the case may be, as well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares.
If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect
a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares. 

Our
insiders, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation
of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted
into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of
the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no other proceeds from our trust account would be
used for such repayment. 

ITEM
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Founder
Shares 

EF
Hutton Partners, LLC, our sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 3,450,000 shares of our common stock (up to 450,000 shares of which were
subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised)
for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. These shares are collectively referred to herein as founder shares. Thereafter
on March 7, 2022, our sponsor surrendered to the Company 575,000 founder shares for cancellation, leaving the sponsor with 2,875,000
founder shares (up to 375,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the
underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). On March 8, 2022, our sponsor transferred an aggregate total of 708,738 founder
shares. Then on April 5, 2022, three of our initial stockholders transferred an aggregate amount of 141,624 founder shares back to our
sponsor. On May 23, 2022, our sponsor transferred an aggregate amount of 57,500 founder shares to the other three initial stockholders. 

32 

As
of July 27, 2022, the founder shares are held by the following individuals and entities (who we refer to collectively as the
 initial stockholders throughout this this Form 10-K) as follows: the sponsor owns 2,250,386 founder shares (up to
322,198 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised), our Chief Financial Officer, Kevin M. Bush owns 91,624 founder shares (up to 5,867 shares of
which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised), our directors, Thomas Wood owns 50,000 founder shares, Stanley Hutton Rumbough owns 50,000 founder shares,
Anne Lee owns 50,000 founder shares, Paul Hodge Jr. owns 133,248 founder shares (up to 11,734 shares of which are subject to
forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised) and
SHR Ventures, LLC owns 249,742 founder shares (up to 35,201 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis,
depending upon the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). 

Prior
to the IPO, the Company entered into agreements with anchor investors that committed each anchor investor to purchase 9.9 tranches of
the Units or the actual Units allocated to it. Additionally, each of the ten 9.9 anchor investors purchased 75,000 founder shares from
certain initial stockholders, for a total of 750,000 founder shares, at the original purchase price of founder shares or 0.009 per share.
Each anchor investor acquired from the initial founder share owners on a pro-rata basis, an indirect economic interest in the founder
shares. 

The
Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect
to 50 of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on
which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
day period following the consummation of a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares, six months
after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right
to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital Loans would either be paid
upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the Working
Capital Loans may be converted into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The private units would be identical to the Private
Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
As of December 31, 2022, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Related
Party Extension Loans 

The
Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to nine times, each by an additional one-month period (for
a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on September 8, 2022, in order
to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 575,000 (since the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full), or 0.05 per share for each one-month extension, on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline, or up to an aggregate of 5,175,000, or 0.45 per share if we extend for the full nine months. Any such payments would be made
in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination,
or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Private Units at
a price of 10.00 per Private Unit. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend
the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, no such loans were outstanding. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 162,247 and 0, respectively. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

33 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent
registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there
were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth
above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

Item
15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID#688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

34 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated March 3, 2023, by and among the Company, Humble Imports Inc., d/b/a E.C.D. Auto Design, ECD Auto Design UK, Ltd., EFHAC Merger Sub, Inc. and Scott Wallace as Securityholder Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 6, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated September 8, 2022, by and between the Company and each of the Company s officers, directors and initial stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and among the Company and the initial stockholders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and among the Company and EF Hutton Partners, LLC, SHR Ventures, LLC , Paul Hodge, Jr., Kevin M. Bush (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated September 8 2022, by and between the Company and each of the Company s the directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Investment Agreement by and among EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I, EF Hutton Partners, LLC, SHR Ventures, LLC , Paul Hodge, Jr., Kevin M. Bush and certain 9.9 anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022) 
 
 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
Applicable. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EF
 Hutton Acquisition Corporation I 

Dated:
 March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Benjamin Piggott 

Name: 
 Benjamin
 Piggott 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Kevin M. Bush 

Name: 
 Kevin
 M. Bush 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Benjamin Piggott 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer), 
 and Chairman 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Benjamin
 Piggott 

/s/
 Joseph Rallo 
 
 Co-President
 and Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Rallo 

/s/
 David Boral 
 
 Co-President
 and Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 David
 Boral 

/s/
 Paul Hodge, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Paul
 Hodge. Jr. 

/s/
 Stanley Hutton Rumbough 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Stanley
 Hutton Rumbough 

/s/
 Thomas Wood 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Wood 

/s/
 Anne Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Anne
 Lee 

36 

EF
HUTTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 
 F-2

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 EF
Hutton Acquisition Corporation I 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has incurred significant costs and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations
and the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 . 

March
27, 2023 

PCAOB
ID# 688 

F- 2 

EF
HUTTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Short-term
 prepaid insurance 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Marketable securities
 held in Trust Account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note 
 related party 

Income
 taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting
 fee payable 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies
 (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption,
 shares at redemption value 

STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT)
 EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible
 redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

EF
HUTTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the Period from March 3, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation
 and operating costs 

Loss
 from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable
 securities held in Trust Account 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Total
 other income, net 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income
 taxes 

Net
 income (loss) 

Weighted average common
 stock outstanding, redeemable common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable common stock 

Weighted average common
 stock outstanding, non-redeemable common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

EF
HUTTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 3, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance March 3, 2021 (inception) 

Common stock issued to initial
 stockholders 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of private placement units 

Relative fair value of public warrants at issuance 

Relative fair value of anchor investor shares 

Relative fair value of rights included in public
 units 

Allocated value of transaction costs to common
 stock 

Accretion for common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December
 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

EF
HUTTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended 
 For
 the Period from March
 3, 2021 
 (inception) through 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating
 Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable
 securities held in Trust Account 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Prepaid insurance, short-term 

Prepaid insurance, long-term 

Accrued expenses 

Income
 taxes payable 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing
 Activities: 

Investment of cash into
 Trust Account 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing
 Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting
 discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from promissory note related
 party 

Payment of offering
 costs 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of
 period 

Non-Cash investing and financing
 activities: 

Offering costs included
 in accrued offering costs 

Accretion of Class A
 common stock to redemption value 

Deferred underwriting
 fee payable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

shares of our common stock (up to
 shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised) for an aggregate purchase price of . These shares are collectively referred to herein as Founder Shares. 
Thereafter on March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company founder shares for cancellation, leaving the Sponsor with
 Founder Shares (up to shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to
which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). On March 8, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate total of 
founder shares. Then on April 5, 2022, three of the initial stockholders transferred an aggregate amount of founder shares back
to the Sponsor. On May 23, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate amount of founder shares to the other three initial stockholders. 

The
registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on September 8, 2022. On September 13,
2022, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares
of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of
their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is
described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (each, a Private Placement
Unit and, collectively, the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private
placement to the Sponsor, Kevin M. Bush (Chief Financial Officer), Paul Hodge Jr. (one of the directors) and SHR Ventures, LLC, generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

The
Company entered into agreements with anchor investors prior to the Initial Public Offering that committed each anchor investor to purchase
9.9 tranches of the Units or the actual Units allocated to it. Additionally, each of the ten 9.9 anchor investors purchased 
founder shares from certain initial stockholders, for a total of founder shares, at the original purchase price of founder shares
or per share. Each anchor investor acquired from the initial founder share owners on a pro-rata basis, an indirect economic interest
in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial
Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares
were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of
net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and the taxes payable on the
interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company will complete the initial Business Combination only if the post-Business Combination company in which its public
stockholder s own shares will own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or is otherwise not
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act (the Investment Company Act ). There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 13, 2022, an amount of per Public Share) from the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account to be invested only in U.S.
government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government
treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years.
Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve
has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, the public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus
any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination,
 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption
amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. 

The
Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of the Company s common
stock upon the completion of the initial Business Combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account described below as of two business days prior to the vote on the initial Business Combination, subject
to the limitations described herein. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 9 months from the closing
of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination
by the full amount of time), the Company will redeem of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable, and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
subject to applicable law and certain conditions as further described herein. 

The
stockholders will be entitled to redeem their stock at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, divided by
the number of then outstanding public stock. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per public share,
regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise any portion of their option to purchase additional units. 

The
shares of common stock subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding stock voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. 

Pursuant
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company will have until 9 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering to consummate the initial Business Combination. However, if it anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
its initial business combination within 9 months, it may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times,
each by an additional one-month period (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for it to consummate its initial business combination, the Sponsor
or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account ,
or per share for each one-month extension, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, or up to an aggregate of ,
or per share if the Company extends for the full nine months. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans
will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of an initial business combination. If the Company completes its initial
business combination, it would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it. If the Company does
not complete a business combination, it will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the initial stockholders contains
a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the Trust
Account in the event that the Company does not complete a business combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination. Stockholders will not be able
to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. If the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
number of then outstanding public stock, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in the case to the Company s obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. 

The
initial stockholders and the Company s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which they have
agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the
completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares
held by them in connection with a stockholders vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial
Business Combination or certain amendments to the Company s charter prior thereto or to redeem of the public shares if the
Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 9 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from
the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if the Company fails
to complete the initial Business Combination within 9 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of
this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that they will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or
products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters
of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the
Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the initial stockholders only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company officers or directors
will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

On
December 8, 2022, the holders of the Units of the Company were able to elect to break up the Units and separately trade the shares of
Common Stock, the Rights, and the Warrants included in the Units. The Company intended that any Units not separated would continue to
trade on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol EFHU , and the Common Stock, Rights and Warrants
would separately trade on Nasdaq under the symbols EFHT, EFHTR, and EFHTW, respectively. However,
due to a miscommunication by the Company, Nasdaq moved to delist the Company s Units from Nasdaq and on January 6, 2023, Nasdaq
filed a Form 25 with the SEC delisting the Company s Units. As a result, the Company determined to and did effect a mandatory separation
of the Company s Units effective on January 18, 2023, which separated each outstanding Unit into one share of Common Stock, one
Right and one Warrant. After January 18, 2023 no Units were outstanding. 

Going
Concern 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial
Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company currently lacks the
liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be at least one year from the date that
the financial statements are issued as it expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition
plans. In addition, the Company has until June 13, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination, or until March 13, 2024 if the Company
extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time. It is uncertain that the Company will be
able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by June 13, 2023 (or March 13, 2024
if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time), there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur,
and an extension not approved by the stockholders of the Company, and potential subsequent dissolution and the liquidity issue raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date these financial statements
are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate
after June 13, 2023 (or March 13, 2024 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount
of time). The Company intends to continue to search for and seek to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation
date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further
the impact of this actions and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this financial statement
and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as
of the date of this financial statement. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii)
the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued
not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the
redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction
in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

and in cash, and no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

funds deposited in the Trust Account. 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 3, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December
31, 2022, primarily due to compensation expense and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure and transition. 

The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized
tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of
any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

The
Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. 

The
provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial
for the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public
 Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public
 Rights 

Common Stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying
 value to redemption value 

Common
 stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and for the period
from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings (losses) of the Company. As a result, diluted
net income (loss) per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted
 weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income
 (loss) per share of common stock 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their overallotment
option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, one
redeemable warrant and one right to receive 1/8 of one share of common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share
of common stock at a price of per share. 

private placement units at a price of per unit (the private units ).
Each private unit consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant and one right to received 1/8 of one share of common
stock upon the consummation of the initial business combination. The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of private units for a purchase
price of , Mr. Bush purchased private units for a purchase price of , Mr. Hodge purchased private units
for a purchase price of and SHR Ventures, LLC purchased private units for a purchase price of . The private units
are identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

The
warrants (the Private Placement Warrants underlying the private units (including the common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants) are not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the private placement participants or
their permitted transferees. Except for certain restrictions on transferability, the Private Placement Warrants have the same terms and
conditions as the warrants included in the units sold in the Initial Public Offering (Note 7). 

shares of the Company s common stock (up
to shares of which were subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised) for an aggregate purchase price of . These shares are collectively referred to herein as founder
shares. Thereafter on March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company founder shares for cancellation, leaving the
Sponsor with founder shares (up to shares of which are subject to forfeiture, on a pro rata basis, depending upon the
extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). On March 8, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate total
of founder shares to several individuals and one entity. Then on April 5, 2022, three of the initial stockholders transferred
an aggregate amount of founder shares back to the Sponsor. On May 23, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate amount of 
founder shares to the other three initial stockholders. 

The
founder shares are held by the following individuals and entities (referred to collectively as the initial stockholders as follows: the Sponsor owns founder shares, the Chief Financial Officer, Kevin M. Bush owns founder shares, the Company s
directors, Thomas Wood owns founder shares, Stanley Hutton Rumbough owns founder shares, Anne Lee owns founder shares,
Paul Hodge Jr. owns founder shares, SHR Ventures, LLC owns founder shares and anchor investors (as described below) collectively
own founder shares. 

The
transfer of the founder shares to the Company s management is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon
the grant date. The fair value of the shares transferred to the Company s management on March 8, 2022 and May 23, 2022
and that were not transferred back to the Sponsor as of September 13, 2022 was . This set of founder shares were granted subject
to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to this set of founder shares
is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based
compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered
probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of founder shares times the grant date
fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the founder shares. Additionally,
another set of founder shares were gifted to the Company s directors on March 8, 2022 and under ASC 718, on March 8, 2022
had a fair value of , which has been recorded as stock-based compensation. The founder shares granted as gifts are not subject
to a performance condition and as such stock-based compensation of was recorded on the statement of operations. 

The
Company entered into agreements with each anchor investor prior to the Initial Public Offering that committed each anchor investor to
purchase 9.9 tranches of the Units or the actual Units allocated to it. Additionally, each of the ten 9.9 anchor investors purchased
 founder shares from certain initial stockholders, for a total of founder shares, at the original purchase price of founder
shares or per share. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the founders shares attributable to the anchor
investors to be or per share. Each anchor investor acquired from the initial founder share owners on a pro-rata basis,
an indirect economic interest in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost were allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering
costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
initial stockholders, have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, that the founder shares are not transferable or saleable until the
earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and (B) subsequent to the initial Business
Combination if the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public
stockholders having the right to exchange their public shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals
or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

The
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan
was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had borrowed and , respectively, under the promissory note. The outstanding balance on the note as of December 31, 2022 is
due on demand and was paid subsequent to year end. Borrowings under the promissory note are no longer available. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the terms of which have not been determined
nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto, or in connection with additional deposits into the Trust Account
in order to extend the time available to us to consummate the initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds on a non-interest-bearing
basis as may be required. If the Company completes initial Business Combination, the Company will repay such loaned amounts out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
the Company s initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 
of such loans may be convertible into private units, at a price of per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of
the Company s initial Business Combination. The private units are identical to the public units sold in this offering. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, working capital loans were outstanding. 

Units to cover
over-allotments. On September 13, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully
exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The
underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or ,
upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

Craig-Hallum
Capital Group LLC Craig-Hallum acted as a qualified independent underwriter for the Initial Public Offering. The Company
has agreed to indemnify Craig-Hallum against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a qualified independent underwriter,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Craig-Hallum received a fee of upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
for acting as qualified independent underwriter. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per
share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board
of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common
Stock The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized to issue a total of 
shares of common stock with a par value of per share. On March 4, 2021, the Sponsor, purchased an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . On March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company
 founder shares for cancellation, leaving the Sponsor with founder shares. On March 8, 2022, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate total of founder shares. Then on April 5, 2022, three of the initial stockholders transferred an aggregate amount
of founder shares back to the Sponsor. On May 23, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate amount of founder shares
to the other three initial stockholders. The Company has and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding
 and shares subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Holders
of common stock will vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified
in the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies
Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s common stock that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by its stockholders. 

Warrants
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and warrants were outstanding, respectively. Each warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of the initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders
or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Prices. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of one year from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering or days after the completion of its initial Business Combination and will expire after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business
Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under
the Securities Act, of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those common stock until the warrants expire or
are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that, if the Company s common stock are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so
elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially
reasonably efforts to register or qualify the stock under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a
registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 90th day after the closing
of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during
any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially
reasonably efforts to register or qualify the stock under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of public and private warrants. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable to each warrant holder 
 and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
 dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once
 the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Rights
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and Rights were outstanding, respectively. Each holder of a Right will
receive one-eighth (1/8) of a share of common stock upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. In the event the Company will
not be the survivor upon completion of the initial Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert
his, her or its Rights in order to receive the one-eighth (1/8) share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration)
upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required
time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Rights will not receive any of such funds for
their Rights, and the Rights will expire worthless. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of any Rights. 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Income
 tax provision 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income.
The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any of
state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with
respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the period from March 3, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Valuation allowance 

Income
 tax provision 

The
Company s effective tax rates for the periods presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to permanent book to tax
differenced related to change in fair value of warrants and full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The
Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

F- 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Benjamin Piggott, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of EF
 Hutton Acquisition Corporation I; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Benjamin Piggott 

Benjamin
 Piggott 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kevin M. Bush, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of EF
 Hutton Acquisition Corporation I; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin M. Bush 

Kevin
 M. Bush 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I (the Company on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Benjamin Piggott, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March , 2023 
 /s/
 Benjamin Piggott 

Name: 
 Benjamin
 Piggott 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EF Hutton Acquisition Corporation I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Kevin M. Bush, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March ,
 2023 
 /s/
 Kevin M. Bush 

Name: 
 Kevin
 M. Bush 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 efhtu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 efhtu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 efhtu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 efhtu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

