<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230203_10-K_edgar_data_830616_0001558370-23-000808.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5792827</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140579</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>999877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2007178</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1086131</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1429578</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-000808.hdr.sgml : 20230203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230203080042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-000808
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCI Engineered Materials, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000830616
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		IRS NUMBER:				311210318
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31641
		FILM NUMBER:		23583753

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2839 CHARTER STREET
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43228
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144860261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2839 CHARTER STREET
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERCONDUCTIVE COMPONENTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-000808.txt : 20230203

10-K
 1
 scia-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For The Fiscal Year Ended Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, without par value (Title of Class) OTCQB (Name of each exchange on which registered) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately on June 30, 2022 . For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by persons who hold more than 10 of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of executive officer or affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. There were shares of the Registrant s Common Stock outstanding on February 2, 2023. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTCQB 

Table of Contents 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. 

Table of Contents Page Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 15 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 15 Item 6. Reserved 16 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 16 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 20 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 20 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 20 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 20 Item 9B. Other Information 21 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 21 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 21 Item 11. Executive Compensation 21 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 22 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 22 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 22 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 23 Signatures 24 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 26A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The words anticipate, believe, expect, estimate, and project and similar words and expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Investors are cautioned that such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results due to many factors, including, but not limited to, the factors discussed in Risk Factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. SCI , we or the Company ), an Ohio corporation, was incorporated in 1987. We operate in one segment as a global supplier and manufacturer of advanced materials for Physical Vapor Deposition PVD thin film applications. We are focused on markets within the PVD industry including Aerospace, Automotive, Defense , Glass, Optical Coatings, and Solar. Substantially all revenues are generated from customers with multi-national operations. The Company develops innovative customized solutions enabling commercial success through collaboration with end users and Original Equipment Manufacturers. History of the Company The late Dr. Edward Funk, Sc.D., and his late wife Ingeborg founded SCI in 1987. Dr. Funk, formerly a Professor of Metallurgy at The Ohio State University and a successful entrepreneur, envisioned significant market potential for the then newly discovered High Temperature Superconductivity HTS material YBCO (T c of 90 o K). Our first product was a 99.999 pure, co-precipitated YBCO 1-2-3 powder. Over the years we expanded our product line by adding other High T c Powders, sintered shapes, single crystal substrates, and non-superconducting sputtering targets. At this time, we are not pursuing this market, but these early years of development are the foundation on which our material science experience is built. We opened a subdivision, Target Materials Inc. TMI ), in 1991 to supply the increasing worldwide demand for sputtering and laser ablation targets. We became a full-service manufacturer of high-performance thin film materials, providing a wide selection of metals, ceramics, and alloys for sputtering targets, evaporation sources, and other PVD applications. We served the Research and Development market as well as the Industrial and Decorative Coating markets. During this time, we began to manufacture targets for the photovoltaic, flat panel display, and semiconductor industries. SCI and TMI were merged in 2002. We continued to manufacture complex ceramic, metal, and alloy products for the photonic, photovoltaic, media storage, flat panel display, and semiconductor industries. The Company s name was changed to SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. from Superconductive Components, Inc. in 2007 to reflect its expanded market focus. In January 2017, we received ISO 9001:2015 registration, an internationally recognized quality standard. We received ISO 9001:2008 registration in April 2010 and prior to that time we were ISO 9001:2000 registered. For more than three decades we have been developing considerable expertise in the development and manufacturing ramp-up of innovative materials, such as Transparent Conductive Oxides (TCO)s. The Company is committed to finding further growth and is pursuing opportunities that can benefit from this expertise. Today, we serve a diverse base of domestic and multi-national corporations, universities, and leading research institutions. We actively seek to partner with organizations to provide solutions for difficult material challenges. Business We are a supplier of materials to the PVD industry. Customers need our materials to produce nano layers of metals and oxides for advanced material systems. Applications for PVD coatings range from everyday items to complex computer processors. Every day applications include automotive, transparent anti-scratch coatings on eyeglasses, coatings on kitchen faucets, as well as low emissivity glass for household windows and commercial buildings. More technically advanced applications for our products include semiconductors, thin film solar, flat panel displays, defense, aerospace, and photonics. We continue to pursue niche opportunities where our core competencies give us an advantage and complement our manufacturing capabilities allowing us to enter new markets with minimal capital investment. This disciplined approach enables us to focus on those opportunities that are the best fit for our capabilities and offer the greatest long-term return. Considerations include our core strengths, resource requirements, and time-to-market. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 The Photonics industry includes a number of diverse markets which represents the best fit for our applications. We and our customers are continually identifying new materials that improve the utility of optical coatings. This includes improvements in their ability to focus, filter or reflect light, all of which increase the potential demand for the types and volume of products we sell in this market. Photonic applications continue to expand as new methods are found to manipulate light waves to enhance the various applications. In 2018, we began to supply target materials to the roll-to-roll coating industry. Roll-to-roll PVD coating is an emerging market in which intermediate manufacturers use our advanced materials to coat flexible substrates for a wide range of applications. In a roll-to-roll coating system, multiple layers of varied materials can be deposited over large areas on flexible substrates without costly down time associated with disrupting the vacuum manufacturing process. These coated substrates can be used as standalone products in high volume consumer goods or can be laminated into electronic and optical components such as solar panels, architectural glass and displays. Our rotatable bonding technology, compounded with our material development capabilities, position us well in this emerging market for potential growth. We continue to invest in developing new products for SCI s chosen markets with emphasis on accelerating time to market. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total revenue of 23,467,030 compared to 13,448,021 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Higher pricing, primarily attributable to increased raw material costs, higher volume and product mix were key factors that contributed to the increase. Our largest customer represented approximately 73 of total revenues in 2022 and 63 in 2021. This year-over-year increase was attributable to the factors noted above including additional products. Marketing and Sales Europe and Asia, as well as the Americas, have high demand for sputtering targets. We continue to seek ways to expand our global marketing reach. We use various distribution channels for specific end markets through direct sales by our employees and manufacturers representatives for international markets. We have manufacturer s representatives in the Chinese, Korean and Taiwanese markets. Also, the internet provides tremendous opportunities for us to reach new customers with compatible product needs. Our corporate website is www.sciengineeredmaterials.com. The website is designed to serve customers, suppliers, and investors with additional information in an easy-to-use format and includes expanded mobile access. There are also social media components, including LinkedIn , Facebook , and Twitter to enhance the Company s visibility and communication with customers and shareholders. For customers and suppliers, there is also expanded information about our product focus as well as a library of detailed product data sheets that continues to be updated. Investors can access current and archived information about the Company utilizing multiple electronic platforms. Ceramics We are capable of producing ceramic powders via several different processing techniques including solid state and precipitation. Ceramic targets can also be produced in a variety of ways depending on the end user applications. Production techniques include sintering, cold isostatic pressing and hot pressing. Most of our products are manufactured from component chemicals and metal oxides supplied by various vendors. We have also identified several suppliers that are capable of minimizing potential disruption in our business. Metals In addition to the ceramic targets previously mentioned, we produce metal sputtering targets and backing plates. The targets are often bonded to the backing plates for applications in the PVD industry. These targets can be produced by casting, hot pressing and machining of metals and metal alloys depending on the application. Applications for metal targets are highly varied ranging from applying decorative coatings for end uses such as sink faucets to the production of various electronic, photonic and semiconductor products. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 We purchase various metals of reasonable high purity (often above 99.9 for our applications. We are not dependent on a sole source for these metals and do not believe losing a vendor would materially affect our business. We have continually added production processes and testing equipment to enable us to manufacture and qualify many product compositions that can be used as PVD applications by end users and Original Equipment Manufacturers. Competition We have several domestic and international competitors in the ceramic and metal fields, including Vacuum Engineering Materials, Process Materials, Inc., and Materion, who also supply targets. Suppliers Principal suppliers in 2022 were Johnson Matthey, Rhenium Alloys, and Six Nine Metals. In every case, we have established alternate vendors that can be used to ensure availability of required materials. As volume grows, we may enter into alliances or purchasing contracts with these or other vendors. Research and Development We continue to invest in developing new applications for our markets including electrically conductive Zinc Tin Oxide for Solar, Architectural Glass, and Thin-Film Transistors. Specialty materials are being researched for use in niche markets such as additive manufacturing. Our development efforts utilize a disciplined innovation approach focused on accelerating time to market for these applications and involve ongoing research and development expense. We are developing sputtering targets for transparent electronic applications, which could be used to produce transparent thin film transistors via PVD processing. We may seek funded research opportunities within our core competencies that maintain and expand technical understanding within our company. We have certain proprietary knowledge and trade secrets related to the manufacture of metal and metal oxide PVD materials. This includes specific patents directly related to our products and market focus (see Intellectual Property section below). New Product Initiatives We are committed to increasing our core competencies in growth areas through development of innovative applications, continuing to pursue stronger customer relationships, and entry into compatible niche markets. Building on more than three decades of materials science expertise, we have developed several new applications for select markets. For example, we recently achieved commercial success with an electrically conductive Molybdenum Oxide material that led to initial development of a commercially feasible rotary target with similar properties. Molybdenum Oxide is used in photovoltaic and optoelectronic markets which value rotary target geometry in their commercial processes. We have a patent pending on our high-power density bond process which has been initially well received by customers in the aerospace industry. Utilizing our expertise in Vacuum Hot Pressing we are exploring additional defense applications for domestically manufactured Boron Carbide Armor. This same formulation also has potential use in controlling fuel rods in nuclear reactors as well as radiation protection. We are also exploring material applications, such as tungsten and molybdenum, in multiple manufacturing areas that can capitalize on our expertise and industry relationships. Consistent with our growth strategy, we have also identified niche markets that can benefit from our expertise in custom powder solutions, such as near infrared doped phosphors and short-wave infrared applications. These applications enable extended life of phosphors for specific nighttime identification needs of defense personnel and first responders. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Our research and development team includes a Ph.D. with a degree in Material Science. This knowledge base benefits our achievement of innovative product solutions and new applications through collaboration with customers, which requires a deeper understanding beyond material properties. Our team provides knowledge in the areas of optical and electrical properties for these applications. Intellectual Property Our patent titled Process for the Removal of Contaminants from Sputtering Target Substrates (US Patent No. 10,138,545 B2) was issued on November 27, 2018. This provides a process for the removal of contaminants on a spent sputtering target used in Plasma Vapor Deposition. We have the rights to multiple patents for technology related to the application of Zinc Oxide based Transparent Conductive Oxide in Displays. Our patent titled Display Having a Transparent Conductive Oxide Layer Comprising Metal Doped Zinc Oxide Applied by Sputtering (US patent No. 9,927,667) was issued on March 27, 2018; a related patent having the same title was issued on April 7, 2020 (US Patent No. 10,613,397), and we have a corresponding patent issued in Sweden. The transparent conductive oxides (TCOs) we developed in these patents have excellent electro-optical performance, high transmittance, high conductivity, and good chemical resistance. These patents have various applications that include LCDs, micro-LED, OLED, smart windows and mirrors, AR/VR goggles, e-papers, and wearable electronics. Our clients, in relevant applications, are entitled to use the patent number when referring to the devices covered by the patent and benefit from it. We believe the TCOs claimed and protected in these patents have wide and innovative applications which can put SCI in a unique position in the market as well as bring us additional business opportunities. We also have an additional patent application pending in the US Patent and Trademark Office relating to specific technology that protects our processes used in achieving superior bonding in planar and rotatable targets which we intend to prosecute to issuance. During 2016 we were granted a federal trademark registration for SCI Engineered Materials . We have additional rights in common law trademarks and services marks, as well as in our branding properties, including our blue logo. We rely on a combination of patent and trademark law, license agreements, internal procedures, and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property; however, it should be noted that these measures may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our products may be produced or sold may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. In the future, we may submit additional patent applications covering various inventions which have been developed by us. Although we cannot be guaranteed that these submissions will result in the issuance of patent. For example, the publication of U.S. patent applications can be delayed for up to one year, and tend to lag actual discoveries, and so that we may not be the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications for such inventions. Additionally, other parties may independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our technologies or, if patents are issued to us or rights licensed by us, they may design around the patented aspects of any technologies we have developed or licensed. Employees We had 21 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. One of these employees holds a PhD in Material Science. We have never experienced a work stoppage and consider our relations with employees to be good. The employees do not have a bargaining unit. We are committed to continuing to provide an open and accountable workplace where employees feel empowered to speak up and raise issues. With this in mind, we provide multiple channels to communicate, ask for guidance, and report concerns. We also provide employees with paid time off to volunteer in local communities. We are committed to creating value for our communities including volunteerism and advocacy, and by operating our business in a socially and environmentally responsible way . 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Environmental Matters We handle all materials according to federal, state, and local environmental regulations and include Safety Data Sheets (SDS) with all shipments to customers. We maintain a collection of SDS sheets for all raw materials used in the manufacture of products and maintenance of equipment and ensure that all personnel follow the handling instructions contained in the SDS for each material. We contract with a reputable, fully permitted hazardous waste disposal company to dispose of the small amount of hazardous waste generated. Collections and Write-offs We collected receivables in an average of 38 days in 2022. We have occasionally written-off negligible amounts of accounts receivable as uncollectible and there were none in 2022 and 2021. We consider credit management critical to our success. Seasonal Trends We have not experienced and do not expect to experience seasonal trends in future business operations. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. We desire to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following factors have affected or could affect actual results and could cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made. Investors should consider the following risks and speculative factors inherent in and affecting the business of SCI and an investment in our common stock. Risks Relating to the Company We have had operating losses in the past and may incur losses in the future. Prior to 2017, the Company frequently reported annual net losses. Our results for 2022 reflect the sixth consecutive year of net income; however, while assurances cannot be provided that we will be able to operate profitably in the future, management continuously monitors business conditions and responds through proactive actions. We continue to invest in developing new products for all our markets. These efforts include accelerating time to market for those products and involve ongoing research and development expense. During 2022 we reduced our accumulated deficit by 1,957,024 to 4,104,593 at December 31, 2022. Management s plans include continuing to grow our business in current and additional niche markets, developing new products, and increasing our revenue and presence in those markets. Management believes the actions that began during the last several years and continue today provide the opportunity for maintaining and improving liquidity and profitability. However, no assurances are made that such actions will result in sustained profitability. A substantial portion of our sales has been dependent upon certain principal customers, the loss of whom could materially negatively affect the Company s total sales. Revenue attributable to these customers includes the sale of multiple applications. Our top two customers accounted for approximately 89 of our net sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Although they have been major customers of the Company for nearly twenty years, we do not have written agreements with these customers that require any minimum purchase obligations, and the customers could stop buying the Company s products at any time and for any reason. A reduction, delay, or cancellation of orders from these customers or the loss of these customers could significantly reduce our future revenues and profits. We cannot provide assurance that these customers or any of our other current customers will continue to place orders, that orders by existing customers will continue at current or historical levels or that we will be able to obtain orders from new customers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 We have limited marketing and sales capabilities outside North America. We continue to develop our marketing and sales capabilities through targeted marketing, sales, technical, customer service and distribution capabilities. This includes increased participation in industry specific trade shows which attract representatives from domestic and international companies. We may enter into agreements with third parties to also provide these services to successfully market our products outside North America. Our success depends on our ability to retain key management personnel. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management, administrative, manufacturing, sales, and research and development personnel. Due to the specialized nature of our business, it may be difficult to locate and hire qualified personnel. The loss of services of one of our executive officers or other key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other executive officers or key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Jeremy Young was named president and chief executive officer in 2019 and has an employment agreement with the Company that contains non-competition provisions as well as severance payments. Mr. Young has been with the Company for more than seventeen years. All other key management personnel have entered into non-competition agreements with the Company. Although we have been successful in planning for and retaining highly capable and qualified successor management in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. Competition for employees is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the qualified and skilled employees needed to support our business. We believe a key portion of future success depends on the efforts and talent of our employees, including technical and skilled mechanical personnel. This will be dependent on continuing to attract, develop, motivate, and retain qualified and skilled employees. Competition for highly skilled technical, risk management and financial personnel is expected to remain intense. We may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel at compensation levels consistent with our compensation and salary structure. Some of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees may have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. We invest considerable time and expense in training our employees and we continue to implement new employee retention strategies. If we fail to retain our employees, we could incur significant expenses in hiring and training new employees, and the quality of our services and our ability to serve our customers could decline, resulting in a material adverse effect to our business. Changes in the strategies of key trade customers may adversely affect our business. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace which continues to experience increased concentration. We may be negatively affected by changes in the strategies of our trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking, delisting of our products, and other conditions. Changes in global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. The Company continues to actively monitor and respond to changes in national and global economic conditions, which include, but are not limited to, inflation, supply chain disruptions, and a global semiconductor chip shortage. Changes in these conditions could impact implementation of our growth plans and access to capital markets. Customer demand and supply-related issues could result in increased operating, transportation and shipping, material, wages, and labor costs. An economic recession (of whatever scale) has the potential to change customer purchasing patterns which could negatively impact our revenue and profitability. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Global conflicts could have impact on raw materials which could negatively impact our business. Political uncertainties could affect global markets and thus could have a negative effect on our business. We currently have no customers or vendors in Russia or Ukraine; however, we are actively monitoring the situation as some raw materials for the PVD industry are sourced from Russia. We continue to actively monitor this situation through ongoing contact with current suppliers and customers, and adding alternate suppliers that can be used to ensure availability of required materials. In addition, supply chain disruptions continue to adversely impact customers in certain markets we serve. Thus far, we have not experienced material adverse effects regarding product shipments; however, late deliveries and sourcing of certain materials could have a negative impact on our business. Our property is subject to risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes and severe weather, and other potential risks associated with the effects of climate change. Our manufacturing facility may suffer harm as a result of natural or man-made disasters such as storms, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, fires, and other extreme weather conditions. Such events could disrupt our operations, harm our employees, or severely damage or destroy manufacturing equipment. Any combination of these factors could adversely impact our business, reputation, and financial performance in ways that cannot currently be predicted. Public health epidemics or outbreaks could adversely impact our business. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged in China. While initially the outbreak was largely concentrated in China and caused significant disruptions to its economy, it spread to other countries and infections were reported globally. The extent to which the coronavirus and subsequent strains impact our operations will continue to depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Since we are a manufacturer, it is not possible for our production facility to operate with some of our employees not in the facility. As a result, any prolonged stay at home order or similar restriction could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than us. The market for PVD materials is substantial with significant competition in both ceramic and metal materials. While we believe that our products enjoy certain competitive advantages in design, function, quality, and availability, considerable competition exists from well-established firms such as Vacuum Engineering Materials, Process Materials, Inc., and Materion, all of which may have more financial resources than us. We cannot provide assurance that developments by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or less competitive. Additional development of our products may be necessary due to uncertainty regarding development of markets. Some of our products are in the early stages of commercialization and we believe it will be several years before these products have significant commercial end-use applications, and significant development work may be necessary to improve the commercial feasibility and acceptance of these products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to commercialize any of the products currently under development. Our failure to comply with our debt covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our debt agreements contain certain covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the applicable agreement. In the past our lenders have granted us a waiver or amendment when we sought relief from covenants. If a default were to occur, we would likely seek a waiver of that default, attempt to reset the covenant, or refinance the instrument and accompanying obligations. If we were unable to obtain this relief, the default could result in the acceleration of the total due related to that debt obligation. If a default were to occur, we may not be able to pay our debts or borrow sufficient funds to refinance them. Any of these events, if they occur, could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 A lack of credit and/or limited financing availability to the Company, its vendors, or end users could adversely affect our business. The Company has a line of credit with Fifth Third Bank for 1 million which expires on August 29, 2023. However, our liquidity and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected if our ability to borrow money from new or existing lenders to finance our operations is reduced or eliminated. Similar adverse effects may also result if we realize reduced credit availability from trade creditors. Additionally, many of our customers require availability of financing to facilitate the purchase of our products. As a result, a continuing period of reduced credit availability in the marketplace could have adverse effects on our business. Our business requires us to make capital expenditures to maintain and improve our facilities. Our facilities sometimes require capital expenditures to address ongoing required maintenance and upgrade our capabilities. In addition, we often are required to make significant capital expenditures to satisfy customer requirements and produce newly developed products. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions. We face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks; employee threats; threats to the safety of our directors, officers, and employees; threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure; and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression. Our customers and vendors face similar threats. Although we utilize internal and external independent controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, including periodic Information Technology training for all employees, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, or otherwise. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or our user s or customer s data. These threats could lead to losses of sensitive information or capabilities, harm to personnel, infrastructure, or products, and/or damage to our reputation as well as our vendor s ability to perform on our contracts. Cyber threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, ransomware, malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disruption or denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential, personal, or otherwise protected information (ours or that of our employees, customers, or vendors), and corruption of data, networks, or systems. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, regulatory actions, and potential liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our patents and proprietary rights may not be enforceable. We rely on a combination of patent and trademark law, license agreements, internal procedures, and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. These may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our products may be produced or sold may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to protect our patent and proprietary information could adversely affect us. Rights we have to trademarks, patents and pending patent applications may be challenged. We have a portfolio of intellectual property that includes common law and state rights, as well of federally and internationally recognized trademark and patent rights. In addition, we take active precautions to protect our trade secret rights through various contractual means. However, we recognize that third parties may challenge these rights, including through unauthorized use or misappropriation or theft, or by legal challenge in administrative or challenge in state or district court. Such challenges include the risks of long and costly litigation, as well as the potential loss of property rights and the assessment of damages against a losing party. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Risks relating to Intellectual Property. Because U.S. patent applications are maintained in secret until patents are issued, and publications of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tend to lag actual discoveries by several months, we may not be the first creator of inventions covered by issued patents or pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications for such inventions. Moreover, other parties may independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our technologies or, if patents are issued to us or rights licensed by us, design around the patented aspects of any technologies we developed or licensed. We may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to determine the priority of inventions, which could result in substantial costs. Litigation may also be necessary to enforce any patents held by or issued to us or to determine the scope and validity of others proprietary rights, which could result in substantial costs. We may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. To protect our proprietary and licensed technology and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, manufacturers, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. The rapid technological changes of our industry may adversely affect us if we do not keep pace with advancing technology. The PVD market is characterized by rapidly advancing technology coupled with long and uncertain paths to large market acceptance. Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with advancing technology and processes and industry standards. We have focused our development efforts on sputtering targets. We intend to continue to develop innovative materials and integrate those advances to the thin film coatings industry and other potential industries. However, our development efforts may be rendered obsolete by research efforts and technological advances made by others or by the failure of anticipated markets to emerge, and materials other than those we currently use may prove more advantageous. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue additional shares of stock. The Company is authorized to issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock, which may be approved by our Board of Directors for such consideration, as they may consider sufficient without seeking shareholder approval. As of December 31, 2022, we had 4,519,524 shares outstanding and 34,361 shares underlying options that are currently exercisable resulting in 10,446,115 shares of common stock available for issue. The issuance of additional shares of common stock in the future may reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of current shareholders. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue up to 260,000 shares of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock in the future could create additional securities which would have dividend and liquidation preferences prior to the outstanding shares of common stock. These provisions could also impede a non-negotiated change in control. The Board of Directors voted in November 2021 to authorize full redemption of 24,152 shares of the Company s Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Series B effective December 31, 2021. This involved cash payments of 248,766 10.30 per Series B share, which included a 3 premium to the stated value of 10 per share), plus unpaid annual dividends of 265,672 11.00 per Series B share). We have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our shares of common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to use future earnings for the growth of our business. As a result, investors must rely on sales of the common stock after price appreciation, which may not occur, as the best way to realize future gains on their investments. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations provide for indemnification of officers and directors which could require us to divert funds away from our business and operations. Our Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors. We may be required to advance costs incurred by an officer or director to pay judgments, fines and expenses incurred by an officer or director, including reasonable attorneys fees, as a result of actions or proceedings in which our officers and directors are involved by reason being or having been an officer or director of our company. Funds paid in satisfaction of judgments, fines, and expenses may be funds we need for operation and growth of our business. Takeover defense provisions in Ohio law and our corporate governance documents may delay or prevent takeover attempts preventing our shareholders from realizing a premium on their stock. Various provisions of Ohio corporation laws as well as our corporate governance documents may inhibit changes in control not approved by our Board of Directors and may have the effect of depriving our investors of an opportunity to receive a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock in the event of an attempted hostile takeover. In addition, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions include: A requirement that a special meeting of the shareholders must be called by our Board of Directors, Chairperson, the President, or the holders of shares with voting powers of at least fifty percent (50 ). Advanced notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations. The availability of blank check preferred stock. 
 Our Board of Directors can use these and other provisions to prevent, delay or discourage a change in control of the company or a change in our management. Any such delay or prevention of a change in control of management could deter potential acquirers or prevent the completion of a takeover transaction to which our shareholders could receive a substantial premium over the current market price of our common stock, which may in turn limit the price investors might be willing to pay for our common stock. The market for our common stock is limited, and as such our shareholders may have difficulty reselling their shares when desired or at attractive market prices. Our stock price, trading volume, and market listing may make it more difficult for our shareholders to resell shares when desired or at attractive prices. In 2001, our stock began trading on The Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, now known as the OTC Markets. Our common stock trades in low volumes and at low prices. Some investors view low-priced stocks as unduly speculative and therefore not appropriate candidates for investment. Many institutional investors have internal policies prohibiting the purchase or maintenance of positions in low-priced stocks. This has the effect of limiting the pool of potential purchases of our common stock at present price levels. Shareholders may find greater percentage spreads between bid and asked prices, and more difficulty in completing transactions and higher transaction costs when buying or selling our common stock than they would if our stock were listed on a major stock exchange. Our common stock has been subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s penny stock regulations, which may limit the liquidity of common stock held by our shareholders. Our common stock currently trades on the OTC Markets OTCQB market under the symbol SCIA . Based on a trading price below 5 per share, our common stock is considered a penny stock for purposes of federal securities laws, and therefore has been subject to regulations, which affected the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities. Broker-dealers who recommend a penny stock to persons (other than established customers and accredited investors) must make a special written suitability determination and receive the purchaser s written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 If penny stock regulations apply to our common stock, it may be difficult to trade the stock because compliance with the regulations can delay and/or preclude certain trading transactions. Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in common stock because of the sales practice and disclosure requirements for penny stock. This could adversely affect the liquidity and/or price of our common stock and impede the sale of the common stock in the secondary market. Risks Related to Government Regulation We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we may operate, including anti-corruption laws of China and the Federal Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to the FCPA, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits, along with various other anticorruption laws. Although we continue to monitor policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees, distributors and other intermediaries comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws to which we are subject, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by our employees, distributors and other intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws), we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anticorruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our facility may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations with respect to our operations. These laws and regulations address various matters, including asbestos, fuel oil management, wastewater discharges, air emissions, and hazardous wastes. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations and the penalties for non-compliance can be substantial. For example, with respect to leased property, we may be held liable for costs relating to the investigation and cleanup of our leased property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other properties affected by the release. In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property s value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including, without limitation, governmental fines, and injuries to persons, property, or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. While we are not aware of any potential environmental problems, no assurances are made that such problems and costs associated with them will not arise in the future. If any of our properties were found to violate environmental laws, we may be required to expend significant amounts of time and money to rehabilitate the property, and we may be subject to significant liability. Any environmental compliance costs and liabilities incurred may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The increasing costs of being a public company may strain our resources and impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a public company, we are subject to reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes Oxley Act and the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The Dodd-Frank Act requires us to audit our supply chain and report conflict minerals usage. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources in the future and may require us to hire additional accounting and financial staff with the appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. In addition, the failure to maintain such internal controls could result in us being unable to provide timely and reliable financial information which could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission or events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Although we have taken steps to maintain our internal control structure as required by the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we cannot provide any assurances that control deficiencies will not occur in the future. Regulation from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act could adversely affect our business or financial results. Changes in regulatory requirements, such as the reporting requirements relating to conflict minerals originating in the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries included in the Dodd-Frank Act, or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements, may result in increased compliance cost, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. We conducted an analysis of our products and found that the above SEC defined conflict minerals , which are tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold (3TG), can be found in our products. Therefore, the products that we manufacture are subject to the reporting obligations of Rule 13p-1. Despite having conducted a good faith reasonable country of origin inquiry, we concluded that our supply chain remains DRC conflict undeterminable . We have reached this conclusion because we have been unable to determine the origin of the 3TG used. We will continue to work with our suppliers. Should the regulations or our analysis change, it could impact the sourcing of materials that we use to manufacture our products. If significant tariffs or other restrictions are placed on imports or any related countermeasures are taken by other countries, our revenue and results of operations may be materially harmed. Import tariffs and/or other mandates imposed by sovereign governments could potentially lead to a trade war with other foreign governments and could significantly increase the prices on raw materials that are critical to our business. We could be forced to increase prices to our customers or, if unable to do so, result in lowering our gross margin on products sold. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Our office and manufacturing facilities are located at 2839 Charter Street, Columbus, Ohio, where we occupy approximately 32,000 square feet. We moved our operations into this facility in 2004. The lease on the property expires on November 30, 2024. We are current on all operating lease liabilities. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market for Common Stock Our common stock currently trades on the OTC Markets OTCQB market under the symbol SCIA . Based on its trading price, our common stock is considered a penny stock for purposes of federal securities laws, and therefore has been subject to certain regulations. See Risk Factors for specific disclosures concerning the market for the Company s common stock. Holders of Record As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 220 registered holders of record of our common stock and 4,519,524 shares issued and outstanding. Dividends We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to use our future earnings for the growth of the business. The Board of Directors voted in November 2021 to authorize full redemption of 24,152 shares of the Company s Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Series B effective December 31, 2021. This involved cash payments of 248,766 10.30 per share, which included a 3 premium to the stated value of 10 per share), plus unpaid annual dividends of 265,672 11.00 per share). 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth additional information as of December 31, 2022, concerning shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options and rights under our existing equity compensation plans and arrangements approved by our shareholders which include our 2011 Stock Option Plan and 2006 Stock Option Plan. The information includes the number of shares covered by and the weighted average exercise price of, outstanding options and other rights, and the number of shares remaining available for future grants (excluding the shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and other rights). 

Number of securities remaining available for Number of Securities to issuance under equity be issued upon exercise Weighted-average exercise compensation plans of outstanding options price of outstanding options (excluding securities and rights and rights reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) Equity compensation plans 41,304 1.05 215,285 ITEM 6. RESERVED. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Executive Summary For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total revenue of 23,467,030 compared to 13,448,021 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Higher pricing, primarily attributable to raw material costs, higher volume and product mix were key factors that contributed to the increase. Gross profit was 4,786,955 for 2022 compared to 3,529,255 for 2021. The increase was attributable to higher revenue as well as favorable product mix and improved manufacturing efficiency. The year ended December 31, 2021 included a reduction of costs of approximately 323,000 related to the Employee Retention Credit ERC enacted in 2020. Operating expenses were 2,306,737 and 1,751,349 for 2022, and 2021, respectively. The year ended December 31, 2021 included a reduction of expenses of approximately 238,000 related to the ERC. Income from operations was 2,480,218 and 1,777,906 for 2022 and 2021, respectively Consistent with our growth strategy, we have identified niche markets that can benefit from our expertise in custom powder solutions, such as near-infrared doped phosphors and short-wave infrared applications. These applications enable extended life of phosphors for specific nighttime identification needs of defense personnel and first responders. New initiatives are also being pursued that utilize our vacuum hot press, cold isostatic press, and kilns for increased production and development projects, including diffusion bonding. We recently manufactured and sold conductive metal oxides for direct current sputtering of Tungsten Oxide and Molybdenum Oxide materials. We continue to invest in developing new products for all our markets including specialty bonding processes for Aerospace customers. Those products involve research and development expense to accelerate time to market. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Several issues continue to affect national and global market conditions. First, inflation remains at historically high levels, impacting labor, raw material costs and transportation expenses. We have generally been able to pass on these increases to customers but are unable to predict how future or sustained inflationary pressure may impact our results. Second, supply chain disruptions are adversely impacting customers in certain markets. Thus far, we have not experienced material adverse effects regarding product shipments; however, timely deliveries and sourcing of certain materials is of increased concern. Third, published articles and corporate announcements continue to address the global semiconductor chip shortage, which is anticipated to continue into 2023. This shortage is affecting some of our customers which could impact the Company s revenue, volume, and profitability. Fourth, there are increased political uncertainties affecting global markets. Although we currently have no customers or vendors in Russia or Ukraine, we continue to monitor the situation as some raw material comes from Russia for the PVD industry. We continue to actively monitor these developments, including ongoing contact with our suppliers and customers, including identifying additional suppliers and adapting to our customers specific circumstances and forecasts. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. Since then, most federal, state, and local executive orders have been lifted. Based on ongoing conversations with customers, we do not expect to experience any material impairments or changes in accounting judgements related to COVID-19. We continue to follow practical safety procedures as needed. During 2022, we resumed in-person meetings, participated onsite in industry trade shows, and continue to maintain regular contact, via phone and other electronic means, with all customers and suppliers. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year 2022 compared to Year 2021 Revenue For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total revenue of 23,467,030, compared to 13,448,021 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was an increase of 10,019,009. Higher raw material pricing was the most significant factor for the increase in revenue. In addition, higher volume and product mix contributed to the increase. Gross profit Gross profit was 4,786,955 for 2022 compared to 3,529,255 for 2021. The increase was attributable to higher revenue as well as improved manufacturing efficiency. The year ended December 31, 2021 included a reduction of costs of approximately 323,000 related to the Employee Retention Credit ERC ). Gross profit as a percentage of revenue (gross margin) was 20.4 and 26.2 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lower gross margin in 2022 compared to a year ago was due to higher raw material costs and product mix during 2022 as well as the ERC recognized in 2021. General and administrative expense General and administrative expense for 2022 and 2021, was 1,549,696 and 1,280,579, respectively, an increase of 21.0 . During 2022 there was an increase in compensation of 151,771, which included an increase in staff. Business liability insurance (due to higher revenue) increased 48,892. The year 2021 also benefited from the ERC of approximately 78,000. Included in general and administrative expense was 260,826 and 270,609 for professional fees during 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses were primarily related to SEC compliance costs for legal, accounting and stockholder relations fees. Research and development expense Research and development expense for 2022 was 375,728, compared to 235,679 for 2021, an increase of 59.4 . The ERC of approximately 89,000 was included in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Additional research supplies also contributed to the increase in expenses in 2022. Specialty materials are being researched for use in niche markets which include custom applications and additive manufacturing. Our development efforts utilize a disciplined innovation approach focused on accelerating time to market for these applications and involve ongoing research and development expense. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Marketing and sales expense Marketing and sales expense was 381,313, and 235,091 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. This was an increase of 146,222, or 62.2 . During 2022 there was an increase in compensation of 45,632 which was partially offset by a reduction in outside consulting expenses of 23,500. Travel expenses increased 43,474 as we resumed in-person meetings with some customers and participated onsite in additional industry trade shows. The ERC of approximately 71,000 reduced expenses in 2021. Stock compensation expense Included in total expenses were non-cash stock-based compensation costs of 49,321 and 47,903 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The non-employee board members received compensation of 8,755 and 9,165 shares of common stock of the Company during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The stock had an aggregate value of 29,967 and 29,963 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and was recorded as non-cash stock compensation expense in the financial statements. Beginning January 1, 2023, non-employee board members will receive their entire compensation in cash. Compensation expense for all stock-based awards is based on the grant date fair value and recognized over the required service (vesting) period. Unrecognized non-cash stock-based compensation expense was 1,576 as of December 31, 2022, and will be recognized through April 2023 Interest Interest income was 19,201 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and interest expense was 32,140 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement was due to our investment into marketable securities and the overall increase in interest rates during the second half of 2022 and the final payments of multiple finance leases during 2021. Income taxes Income tax expense was 542,395 and 392,242 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the deferred tax asset was 663,820. As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. Accordingly, management determined that no valuation allowance was necessary, and the deferred tax asset was 151,164 at December 31, 2022. Income applicable to common stock Income applicable to common stock for 2022 and 2021 was 1,957,024 and 1,654,672, respectively. The increase was primarily the result of higher revenue and gross profit. Included in the year 2021 was the ERC which reduced overall expenses by approximately 561,000 and the forgiveness of our Payroll Protection Plan loan of 325,300. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash As of December 31, 2022, cash on hand was 3,947,966 compared to 4,140,942 at December 31, 2021. We purchased marketable securities of 1,989,265 and production equipment of 536,313 during 2022 which slightly reduced our year-end cash balance. Working capital At December 31, 2022, working capital was 5,211,625 compared to 3,907,135 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,304,490 or 33.4 . The increase was primarily due to the increase in inventory and investment in marketable securities noted above. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Cash from operations Net cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was 2,398,155 and 2,610,548 during 2021. In addition to the net income generated, this included depreciation and amortization of 519,031 and 516,579, and noncash stock-based compensation costs of 49,321 and 47,903 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The decrease in prepaid expenses was related to inventory paid for in December 2021 and received in January 2022. Inventories and accounts payable increased due to orders received during the fourth quarter and throughout 2022. Customer orders remain strong, and deposits increased slightly as customers have monitored inventory more closely with continued emphasis on intra-quarter shipments. Cash from investing activities Cash of 536,313 and 706,242 was used in investing activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for the acquisition of production equipment. This included a vacuum hot press that enables production of higher temperature materials with increased capacity. It was purchased and installed for approximately 500,000. A deposit of 220,075 was paid in the first quarter of 2021 for this vacuum hot press and the remaining amount was paid in cash during the third quarter of 2022. As previously mentioned, we purchased marketable securities of 1,989,265 during 2022. Cash from financing activities Cash of 96,702 and 160,416 was used in financing activities for principal payments to third parties for finance lease obligations during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was due to final payments of multiple finance leases during 2021. On December 31, 2021, we redeemed all 24,152 shares of our Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B. The redemption included cash payments of 248,766 plus unpaid annual dividends of 265,672. An annual dividend payment of 24,152 was previously made to owners of this stock during the second quarter of 2021. Debt outstanding Total debt outstanding decreased to 146,516 at December 31, 2022, from 243,218 at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 40 . As previously mentioned, cash of 96,702 was used for principal payments for finance lease obligations during 2022. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Financial Statements and accompanying notes . Note 2 to the Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Financial Statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the accounting for the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory allowances, property and equipment depreciable lives, patents and license useful lives, revenue recognition, income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, realization of deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation and assessing changes in which impairment of certain long-lived assets may occur. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the Financial Statements. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the expected collectability of specific customer accounts and the aging of the accounts receivable. If there is a deterioration of a major customer s credit worthiness or actual defaults are higher than our expected losses, our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be adversely affected. Inventory purchases and commitments are based upon future demand forecasts. If there is a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products or there is a higher risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements, we may be required to increase our inventory allowances and our gross profit could be adversely affected. The tax valuation allowance is based on our consideration of new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect our view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. If we were to determine we would not be able to realize all or part of the deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be necessary which would reduce our net income for that period. Depreciable and useful lives estimated for property and equipment, licenses and patents are based on initial expectations of the period of time these assets and intangibles will provide benefit. Changes in circumstances related to a change in our business, change in technology or other factors could result in these assets becoming impaired, which could adversely affect the value of these assets. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation While there was not a significant impact from inflation on our operations during the past three fiscal years, we experienced increased costs during 2022 that are expected to continue into 2023. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Not applicable ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Our balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon appear beginning on Page F-1. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and implemented, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management is responsible for the consistency, integrity, and presentation of information. We fulfill our responsibility by maintaining systems of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, and transactions are executed in accordance with established procedures. The concept of reasonable assurance is based upon recognition that the cost of the controls should not exceed the benefit derived. We believe our systems of internal control provide this reasonable assurance. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The Board of Directors exercises its oversight role with respect to our systems of internal control primarily through its Audit Committee, which is comprised of independent directors. The Committee oversees our financial reporting, quarterly reviews, and audits to assess whether their quality, integrity, and objectivity are sufficient to protect shareholders investments. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). We performed a review of our related procedures and controls and strengthened cross approval of various functions, including financial reporting and disclosure review controls by the Chief Financial Officer, to include the Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee Chairperson where appropriate. We continue to report to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at least monthly (and more often as necessary). This reporting includes balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of cash flows, and other detail supporting these statements. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-13(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information required by this item is included under the captions, Election of Directors , Executive Officers and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on June 8, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. We have a Business Conduct Policy applicable to all employees of the Company. Additionally, the Chief Executive Officer CEO and all senior financial officers, including the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer or controller, or any person performing a similar function (collectively, the Senior Financial Officers are bound by the provisions of our code of ethics relating to ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, and compliance with the law. The code of ethics is posted on our website at http://www.sciengineeredmaterials.com/corporate-governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, waiver of, any provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this item is included under the caption Executive Compensation in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on June 8, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this item is included under the captions Ownership of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers and Ownership of Common Stock by Principal Shareholders in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on June 8, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this item is included under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on June 8, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this item is included under the caption Fees of the Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on June 8, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3(a) Certificate of Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Superconductive Components, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s initial Form 10-SB, filed on September 28, 2000). 3(b) Restated Code of Regulations of Superconductive Components, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to the Company s initial Form 10-SB, filed on September 28, 2000) 3(c) Amendment to Articles of Incorporation recording the change of the corporate name to SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed November 7, 2007). 4(a) SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 10, 2011, filed April 28, 2011). 4(b) Superconductive Components, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 9, 2006, filed May 1, 2006). 4(c) Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Superconductive Components, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 19, 2006, filed June 23, 2006). 4(d) Description of Securities of the Company. 14(a) SCI Engineered Materials Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report via the Company s website at www.sciengineeredmaterials.com). 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 24 Power of Attorney. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 99.1 Press Release dated February 3, 2023, entitled SCI Engineered Materials, Inc., Reports 2022 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results . 101 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (ii) Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, (iii) Statement of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 2021, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (v) Notes to Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. Date: February 3, 2023 By: /s/ Jeremiah R. Young Jeremiah R. Young, Director, and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 3 rd day of February 2023. 

Signature Title /s/ Jeremiah R. Young Director and Chief Executive Officer Jeremiah R. Young (principal executive officer) /s/ Gerald S. Blaskie Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gerald S. Blaskie (principal financial and accounting officer) Laura F. Shunk Chairperson of the Board of Directors Laura F. Shunk Edward W. Ungar Director Edward W. Ungar John P. Gilliam Director John P. Gilliam Emily Lu Director Emily Lu Charles Wickersham Director Charles Wickersham By: /s/ Jeremiah R. Young Jeremiah R. Young, Attorney-in-Fact 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-6 Statements of Shareholders Equity F-7 Statements of Cash Flows F-8 Notes to Financial Statements F-9 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Realizability of Deferred Tax Assets Description of the Matter As described further in Note 10 to the financial statements, the Company assesses the realizability of deferred income tax assets, which represent the tax benefits of future tax deductions, based on available positive and negative evidence and by considering the adequacy of future taxable income from all sources, including prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The Company assesses the need for a valuation allowance by evaluating both positive and negative evidence that may exist. We identified the realizability of deferred tax assets and the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination that the realizability of deferred tax assets is a critical audit matter is that the forecast of future taxable income is an accounting estimate subject to a high level of estimation uncertainty. There is inherent uncertainty and 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 subjectivity related to management s judgments and assumptions regarding the Company s future taxable income, which are complex in nature and require significant auditor judgment. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process to assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets and measurement of the valuation allowances, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. To test the realizability of the deferred tax assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used, the significant assumptions for each type of evidence discussed above, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We involved income tax specialists and evaluated the nature of each of the deferred tax assets, including their expiration dates and their projected utilization when compared to projections of future taxable income. Additionally, we assessed the reasonableness of the methods, assumptions, and judgments used by management to assess available positive and negative evidence and determine whether a valuation allowance was necessary. Next, we considered management s ability to accurately estimate projected future taxable income by comparing actual results to management s historical estimates and evaluating whether there have been any changes that would affect management s ability to accurately estimate future taxable income and performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in realizability of deferred tax assets that would result from changes in the assumptions. Lastly, we reviewed the Company s income tax disclosures related to the matters described above. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. February 3, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 ASSETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Current Assets Cash Investments - marketable securities, short term Accounts receivable Trade, less allowance for doubtful accounts of Tax - Employee Retention Credit Other Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Total current assets Property and Equipment, at cost Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Other Assets Investment - marketable securities, long term Right of use asset, net Deferred tax asset Other assets Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (continued) DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Current Liabilities Finance lease obligations, current portion Operating lease obligations, current portion Accounts payable Customer deposits Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other Total current liabilities Finance lease obligations, net of current portion Operating lease obligations, net of current portion Total liabilities Shareholders Equity Common stock, par value, authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit General and administrative expense Research and development expense Marketing and sales expense Income from operations Gain on extinguishment of debt Interest (income) expense ) Income before provision for income taxes Income tax expense Net income Dividends on preferred stock INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK Earnings per share - basic and diluted (Note 8) Income per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Convertible Additional Preferred Stock, Common Paid-In Accumulated Series B Stock Capital Deficit Total Balance 12/31/2020 ) Accretion of cumulative dividends ) Stock based compensation expense (Note 2J) Payment of dividend redemption (Note 8) ) ) Payment of cumulative dividends (Note 8) ) ) Common stock issued (Note 8) Net income Balance 12/31/2021 ) Stock based compensation expense (Note 2J) Common stock issued (Note 8) Net income Balance 12/31/2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and accretion Amortization of right of use asset Amortization of patents Stock based compensation Gain on disposal of equipment ) ) Deferred tax asset Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Inventory reserve ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses ) Other assets Accounts payable Operating lease obligations ) ) Accrued expenses and customer deposits Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds on sale of equipment Purchases of marketable securities ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments of dividend redemption on preferred stock ) Payments of cumulative dividends on preferred stock ) Principal payments on finance lease obligations and notes payable ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH ) CASH - Beginning of year CASH - End of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Increase in asset retirement obligation The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 segment as a global supplier and manufacturer of advanced materials for Physical Vapor Deposition PVD thin film applications. The Company is focused on markets within the PVD industry including Aerospace, Automotive, Defense, Glass, Optical Coatings, and Solar. Substantially, all revenues are generated from customers with multi-national operations. The Company develops innovative customized solutions enabling commercial success through collaboration with end users and Original Equipment Manufacturers. and of total revenue in 2022. These two customers represented of the accounts receivable trade balance at December 31, 2022. The Company expects to collect all outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, from these customers. The Company s two largest customers accounted for and of total revenue in 2021. These two customers represented of the accounts receivable trade balance at December 31, 2021. The Company subsequently collected all outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021, from these customers. as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. This estimate is based upon management s assessment of the expected collectability of specific customer accounts and the aging of the accounts receivable. Specific accounts are charged directly to the reserve or bad debt expense when management obtains evidence of a customer s 
 F-9 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 bad debt expense during 2022 and 2021. and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. on computer equipment to on certain equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the term of the lease. Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the difference. During 2022, various assets totaling with a net book value of were considered impaired . During 2021, various assets totaling with a net book value of were considered impaired . This impairment is offset against gain on disposal of equipment in the Statement of Operations. intangible assets considered impaired during 2022 or 2021. Costs incurred to secure patents have been capitalized and amortized over the life of the patents. Cost and accumulated amortization of the patents at December 31, 2022, was and respectively, and cost and accumulated amortization of the patents at December 31, 2021, was and , respectively. Amortization expense related to patents was for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Amortization expense is expected to be at least for each of the next . 
 F-10 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 of total revenue. The balance of the revenue was from the solar and thin film battery markets. The top two customers represented and of total revenue during 2022 and 2021, respectively. International shipments resulted in and of total revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Non cash stock-based compensation expense includes and for stock grants awarded to the non-employee board members during 2022 and 2021. Unrecognized compensation expense was as of December 31, 2022, and will be recognized through April 2023. There was no tax benefit recorded for this compensation cost as the expense primarily relates to incentive stock options that do not qualify for a tax deduction until, and only if, a qualifying disposition occurs. and , respectively. Consistent with our growth strategy, we have identified niche markets that can benefit from our expertise in custom powder solutions, such as near-infrared doped phosphors and short-wave infrared applications. These applications enable extended life of phosphors for specific nighttime identification needs of defense personnel and first responders. New initiatives are also being pursued that utilize our vacuum hot presses, cold isostatic press, and kilns for increased production and development projects, including diffusion bonding. We recently manufactured and sold conductive metal oxides for direct current sputtering of Tungsten Oxide and Molybdenum Oxide materials. We continue to invest in developing new products for all our markets including specialty bonding processes for Aerospace customers. Those products continue to require research and development expense to accelerate time to market. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 for the first quarter of 2021, for the second quarter of 2021, and for the third quarter of 2021. The purpose of the ERC was to encourage employers to keep employees on the payroll, even if they are not working during the covered period because of the coronavirus outbreak. This credit was recorded in the Statement of Operations as an offset to payroll costs in their respective expense lines. A balance of and appears as a tax receivable on the balance sheets at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 At December 31, 2022, the length of time until maturity of the bonds currently owned ranged from to . Work-in-process Finished goods Inventory reserve ) ) . Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients were eligible to apply for, and be granted, forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted. Such forgiveness was subject to limitations and ongoing rulemaking by the SBA, based on the use of loan proceeds for payroll costs and mortgage interest, rent or utility costs and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. The Company applied for forgiveness of the entire amount of the loan during the fourth quarter of 2020, and the SBA approved the Forgiveness Application in full during the first quarter of 2021. This amount is included in the Statement of Operations as gain on extinguishment of debt in 2021. The Company commenced a line of credit with Fifth Third Bank for million during August of 2021 and renewed in August 2022. The line of credit bears interest equal to the rate of interest per annum established by Fifth Third Bank as its Prime Rate. This line of credit has a maturity date of August 29, 2023. amounts were drawn on this line of credit during 2021 or 2022. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 to with an expiration date of November 30, 2024. The Company has the option to extend the lease period for an additional beyond the expiration date. There are no restrictions or covenants associated with the lease. The lease costs were approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 2024 Total minimum lease payments Less debt discount Total operating lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases years Weighted average discount rate operating leases 2024 Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest Present value of minimum lease payments Less current portion Finance lease obligations, net of current portion Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net book value These assets are amortized over a period of using the straight-line method and amortization is included in depreciation expense. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 and shares of common stock of the Company during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The stock had an aggregate value of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and was recorded as non-cash stock compensation expense in the financial statements. Employees received compensation of and aggregate shares of common stock of the Company during 2022 and 2021, respectively, which had an aggregate value of and , respectively, and was recorded as noncash stock-based compensation expense in the financial statements. In addition, during 2021, a total of stock options were exercised by management. Preferred Stock Voting Preferred Stock Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (a) 

 (a) shares of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Convertible Series B Preferred Stock authorized for issuance. 
 In January 1996, the Company completed an offering of shares of stated value 1995 Series B cumulative non-voting convertible preferred stock (a total of shares were offered and were sold). The shares were convertible to common shares at the rate of per share. A dividend payment of was made to preferred shareholders of record during the second quarter of 2021. The Board of Directors voted in November 2021 to authorize full redemption of shares of the Company s Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Series B effective December 31, 2021. This involved cash payments of per share, which included a premium to the stated value of per share), plus unpaid annual dividends of per share). Earnings Per Share Basic income per share is calculated as income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated as diluted income available to common shareholders divided by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted weighted average number of common shares gives effect to all dilutive 
 F-15 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilution - stock options Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted shares of the Company s common stock may be granted, subject to the execution of stock option agreements. Incentive stock options may be granted to key employees of the Company and non-statutory options may be granted to directors who are not employees and to consultants and advisors who render services to the Company. Options may be exercised for periods up to from the date of grant at prices not less than of fair market value on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were stock options outstanding from the 2011 Plan which expire in May 2028. On June 9, 2006, shareholders approved the Superconductive Components, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan ). The Company adopted the 2006 Plan as incentive to key employees, directors, and consultants under which options to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock may be granted, subject to the execution of stock option agreements. Incentive stock options may be granted to key employees of the Company and non-statutory options may be granted to directors who are not employees and to consultants and advisors who render services to the Company. Options may be exercised for periods up to from the date of grant at prices not less than of fair market value on the date of grant. The 2006 Plan expired in 2016 and no additional stock options may be granted. As of December 31, 2022, there were stock options outstanding from the 2006 Plan which expire in November 2024. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2021 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested ) Nonvested options at December 31, 2022 Exercise prices for options outstanding ranged from to and the weighted average option price was at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual life was years and years at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. General business credits carryforwards Stock based compensation Allowance for doubtful accounts Reserve for obsolete inventories Reserve for asset retirement Property and equipment ) ) Total 
 F-17 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 has been recorded against the realizability of the net deferred tax asset of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, management determined that there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that deferred taxes of are realizable in part because we achieved six consecutive years of pretax income, expect profits to continue for the foreseeable future and implemented new efficiencies in the Company s manufacturing process. Accordingly, we determined that valuation allowance was necessary at December 31, 2022. The Company had net operating loss carryforwards available for federal and state tax purposes of approximately and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which expire in varying amounts through . The deferred tax asset of is expected to be realized within the next three years. State/city tax Non-deductible expense PPP tax exempt income ) Valuation allowance ) ) Effective rate Deferred: NOL utilization/expiration General business credits ) Other temporary differences Total The Company follows guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 740 with respect to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more-likely-than-not test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has unrecognized tax benefits under guidance related to tax uncertainties. The Company does not anticipate the unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months. Any tax penalties or interest expense will be recognized in income tax expense. interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were accrued at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 to , which approximates current fair market rates. Increase in present value of the obligation (accretion expense in the corresponding amount charged against earnings) Balance at December 31, 2021 Increase in present value of the obligation (accretion expense in the corresponding amount charged against earnings) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 F-19 

<EX-4.D>
 2
 scia-20221231xex4dd.htm
 EX-4.D

Exhibit 4(d) Description of the Company s Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 The following summary of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. s common stock is based on and qualified by the Company s Restated Code of Regulations Regulations and Second Amended Articles of Incorporation (the Amended Articles of Incorporation ). The Company s Amended Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 10,000 shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, 125,000 shares of Voting Preferred Stock, and 125,000 shares of Non-Voting Preferred Stock, all of which are without par value. There are no shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock and Voting Preferred Stock currently outstanding. The holders of Common Stock, Cumulative Preferred Stock and Voting Preferred Stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of Non-Voting Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote. The Company s Board of Directors (the Board is not classified, and each member is elected annually. The Company s Regulations provide for candidates receiving the greatest number of votes to be elected. The holders of Cumulative Preferred Stock, Voting Preferred Stock and Non-Voting Preferred Stock have the right to receive dividends prior to the payment of dividends on the Common Stock. The Board has the power to determine certain terms relative to any Preferred Stock to be issued, such as the power to establish different series and to set dividend rates, the dates of payment of dividends, the cumulative dividend rights and dates, redemption rights and prices, sinking fund requirements, restrictions on the issuance of such shares or any series thereof, preference, if any, in the event of liquidation. Also, the Board may fix such other express terms as may be permitted or required by law. In the event of any liquidation or dissolution, the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive as a class, pro rata, the residue of the assets after payment of the liquidation price to the holders of Preferred Stock. In January 1996, the Company completed an offering of 24,152 shares of 10 stated value 1995 Series B 10 cumulative non-voting convertible preferred stock (a total of 70,000 shares were offered and 24,152 were sold). The shares were convertible to common shares at the rate of 5.00 per share. A dividend payment of 24,152 was made to preferred shareholders of record during the second quarter of 2021. The Board of Directors voted in November 2021 to authorize full redemption of 24,152 shares of the Company s Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Series B effective December 31, 2021. This involved cash payments of 248,766 10.30 per share, which included a 3 premium to the stated value of 10 per share), plus unpaid annual dividends of 265,672 11.00 per share). The common stock is traded on OTC Markets OTCQB market under the trading symbol SCIA . 

</EX-4.D>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 scia-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No.333-97583, No. 333-67212 and No. 333-136694 on Forms S-8 of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. of our report dated February 3, 2023, relating to the financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. GBQ Partners LLC Columbus, Ohio February 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 4
 scia-20221231xex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY Each of the undersigned officers and/or directors of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), hereby appoints Jeremiah R. Young and Michael A. Smith as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, or any of them individually with power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, in his or her name and on his or her behalf, and in any and all capacities stated below, to sign and to cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, hereby granting unto said attorneys, and to each of them, full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all such capacities, every act and thing whatsoever necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully as each of the undersigned could or might do in person, hereby granting to each such attorney full power of substitution and revocation, and hereby ratifying all that any such attorney or his substitute may do by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Power of Attorney in counterparts, if necessary, effective as of February 3, 2023. 

Signature Title /s/ Jeremiah R. Young President and Chief Executive Officer Jeremiah R. Young (principal executive officer) /s/ Gerald S. Blaskie Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gerald S. Blaskie (principal financial and accounting officer) /s/ Laura F. Shunk Chairperson of the Board of Directors Laura F. Shunk /s/ John P. Gilliam Director John P. Gilliam /s/ Emily Lu Director Emily Lu /s/ Edward W. Ungar Director Edward W. Ungar /s/ Charles Wickersham Director Charles Wickersham 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 scia-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeremiah R. Young, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 3, 2023 /s/ Jeremiah R. Young Jeremiah R. Young President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 scia-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Gerald S. Blaskie certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 3 

Date: February 3, 2023 /s/ Gerald S. Blaskie Gerald S. Blaskie Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 scia-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeremiah R. Young, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 3 

/s/ Jeremiah R. Young Jeremiah R. Young President and Chief Executive Officer of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. February 3, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 scia-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gerald S. Blaskie, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Gerald S. Blaskie Gerald S. Blaskie Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. February 3, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 scia-20221231xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 Contact: Robert Lentz (614) 439-6006 SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. Reports 2022 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results COLUMBUS, Ohio (February 3, 2023) SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. SCI (SCIA: OTCQB), today reported financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022. SCI is a global supplier and manufacturer of advanced materials for physical vapor deposition thin film applications who works closely with end users and OEMs to develop innovative, customized solutions. Jeremy Young, President, and Chief Executive Officer, stated, 2022 was an exceptional year for SCI, which included record total revenue, gross profit, and earnings per share. We increased sales volume through our growing portfolio of products and services, benefited from further manufacturing efficiencies, and added customers through focused marketing plans. Our growth strategy also includes research and development investments directed toward the introduction of innovative applications for specific niche markets including aerospace and defense. These initiatives represent positive steps toward achievement of our long-term growth goals. Mr. Young continued, We increased our financial strength throughout 2022. Resources were allocated to specific areas of our business to enhance current and future performance. During the past year these actions included the cash purchase of more than 530,000 of manufacturing equipment, approximately 2.0 million of investments in income producing securities, and a 40 reduction in total debt outstanding to less than 150,000 at 2022 year-end. Our plans for 2023 include increased sales volume and achievement of additional operating efficiencies. These efforts will benefit our commitment to continuously enhance 
 1 

SCI s performance through those things we can control, while we remain cautiously optimistic regarding issues influencing the global economy. Total Revenue Total revenue increased 75 to 23,467,030 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, from 13,448,021 the prior year. The Company s 2022 fourth quarter total revenue was 5,818,755 or 79 above the same period a year ago. The most significant factor contributing to the increases for both periods in 2022 was higher pricing due to raw material costs, followed by positive volume comparisons and favorable product mix. Order backlog was approximately 4.1 million on December 31, 2022, compared to 3.3 million on the same date in 2021. Orders remained solid entering 2023 as customers continue to prefer shorter lead times and intra-quarter shipments. ERC Tax Credit During the first nine months of 2021 the Company recorded an Employee Retention Credit (ERC) which totaled 560,921. Recognition of these items contributed to lower cost of revenue of 323,038 and lower operating expenses of 237,883. There was no ERC recorded during the fourth quarter of 2021 and year 2022. Gross profit Gross profit for the year 2022 increased 36 to 4,786,955 compared to 3,529,255 the prior year, while gross profit for the 2022 fourth quarter increased 44 to 1,243,603 from 861,297 for the same period a year ago. The positive comparisons for both periods in 2022 benefited from higher total revenue, favorable product mix and improved manufacturing efficiencies. Operating expenses Operating expenses (general and administrative, research and development, and marketing and sales) were 2,306,737 for the year 2022 versus 1,751,349 the prior year. 
 2 

The 2021 operating expenses included 238,000 of ERC recorded during the first nine months of the year which reduced the reported amounts. General and administrative expense was higher than a year ago primarily due to increased staff, and additional business liability insurance reflecting the increase in total revenue. Research and development expense for the year 2022 increased due to additional research supplies including specialty materials for custom applications, and related initiatives. The increase in marketing and sales expense for the year 2022 versus 2021 was principally due to travel related to resumption of in-person meetings with customers and participation in additional industry trade shows. For the 2022 fourth quarter, operating expenses increased approximately 3 to 578,836 from 563,996 for the same period a year ago. EBITDA EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization) increased 15 to 2,894,704 for the full-year 2022 from 2,515,199 for 2021. EBITDA for the 2022 fourth quarter nearly doubled to 782,530 compared to 396,884 a year ago. The increases for the year 2022 and fourth quarter compared to the prior year were attributable to higher pretax income. Provision for Income Tax Expense The Company s provision for income tax expense was 542,395 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 392,242 in 2021. For the 2022 fourth quarter, the provision for income tax expense increased to 230,820 from 53,960 for the same period in 2021. The differences between for both periods in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the significant increase in total revenue versus the same periods in 2021. The deferred tax asset decreased from 663,820 at December 31, 2021 to 151,164 at December 31, 2022 primarily due to the utilization of tax net operating loss carryforwards in 2022. 
 3 

Income Applicable to Common Stock Income applicable to common stock was a record 1,957,024 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,654,672 in 2021. This 18 increase was primarily due to higher revenue and gross profit. The year 2021 results benefited from the ERC of approximately 561,000 recorded during the first nine months of 2021 plus a 325,300 gain on extinguishment of the Company s Payroll Protection Plan loan in the first quarter of 2021. Earnings per common share increased 16 to a record 0.43 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.37 for the year 2021. The 2022 fourth quarter income applicable to common stock increased 102 to 465,047, or 0.10 per share, compared to 229,971, or 0.05 per share the prior year. Increased total revenue and gross profit for the 2022 fourth quarter contributed to the increase. Cash and Total Debt Outstanding Cash on hand on December 31, 2022, was 3,947,966 compared to 4,140,942 on the same date a year ago. During the fourth quarter of 2022 the Company purchased 1,989,265 of marketable securities which contributed to interest income of 31,100 for the period. The Company completed the purchase of a new vacuum hot press and other equipment during the second half of 2022 for approximately 536,000 in cash. Total debt outstanding was 146,516 on December 31, 2022, a decrease of 40 compared to 243,218 on that same date the prior year. During the year 2022 the Company made principal payments of 96,702 related to finance lease obligations. A reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measure of EBITDA, as used in this release, with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the financial schedules that are a part of this release. This non-GAAP financial measure is intended to supplement and should be read together with our financial results. It should not be considered an alternative or substitute for, and should not be considered superior to, our reported financial results. Accordingly, users of this financial information should not place undue reliance on this non-GAAP financial measure. About SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. SCI Engineered Materials is a global supplier and manufacturer of advanced materials for PVD thin film applications who works closely with end user and OEMs to develop 
 4 

innovative, customized solutions. Additional information is available at www.sciengineeredmaterials.com or follow SCI Engineered Materials, Inc. at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sci-engineered-materials.-inc https://www.facebook.com/sciengineeredmaterials/ https://www.twitter.com/SciMaterials This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Those statements include, but are not limited to, all statements regarding intent, beliefs, expectations, projections, customer guidance, forecasts, plans of the Company and its management. These forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. One or more of these factors have affected and could affect the Company s projections in the future. Therefore, there can be no assurances that the forward-looking statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. Due to the significant uncertainties in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company, or any other persons, that the objectives and plans of the company will be achieved. All forward-looking statements made in this press release are based on information presently available to the management of the Company. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 5 

SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash 3,947,966 4,140,942 Investments - marketable securities, short term 989,265 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 895,839 531,577 Inventories 2,177,917 1,073,218 Prepaid expenses 136,134 678,357 Total current assets 8,147,121 6,424,094 Property and Equipment, at cost 9,363,206 8,966,488 Less accumulated depreciation (7,101,573) (6,809,850) Property and Equipment, net 2,261,633 2,156,638 Investments - marketable securities, long term 1,000,000 Right of use asset, net 185,072 274,298 Deferred tax asset 151,164 663,820 Other assets 85,138 89,552 Total other assets 1,421,374 1,027,670 TOTAL ASSETS 11,830,128 9,608,402 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Short term debt 97,367 96,702 Operating lease, short term 105,789 97,292 Accounts payable 514,512 250,383 Customer deposits 1,825,595 1,724,556 Accrued expenses 392,233 348,026 Total current liabilities 2,935,496 2,516,959 Long term debt 49,149 146,516 Operating lease, long term 99,834 205,623 Total liabilities 3,084,479 2,869,098 Total Shareholders Equity 8,745,649 6,739,304 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 11,830,128 9,608,402 
 
 6 

SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

THREE MONTHS ENDED DEC. 31, TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DEC. 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue 5,818,755 3,242,493 23,467,030 13,448,021 Cost of revenue 4,575,152 2,381,196 18,680,075 9,918,766 Gross profit 1,243,603 861,297 4,786,955 3,529,255 General and administrative expense 378,914 401,993 1,549,696 1,280,579 Research and development expense 103,531 86,471 375,728 235,679 Marketing and sales expense 96,391 75,532 381,313 235,091 Income from operations 664,767 297,301 2,480,218 1,777,906 Gain on extinguishment of debt (325,300) Interest (income) expense (31,100) 7,332 (19,201) 32,140 Income before provision for income taxes 695,867 289,969 2,499,419 2,071,066 Provision for income tax expense 230,820 53,960 542,395 392,242 Net income 465,047 236,009 1,957,024 1,678,824 Dividends on preferred stock 6,038 24,152 INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 465,047 229,971 1,957,024 1,654,672 Earnings per share - basic and diluted Income per common share Basic 0.10 0.05 0.43 0.37 Diluted 0.10 0.05 0.43 0.37 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 4,518,613 4,504,407 4,515,002 4,495,678 Diluted 4,546,787 4,535,704 4,542,891 4,523,690 
 
 7 

SCI ENGINEERED MATERIALS, INC. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 2022 2021 CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN): Operating activities 2,398,155 2,610,548 Investing activities (2,494,429) (688,151) Financing activities (96,702) (699,006) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH (192,976) 1,223,391 CASH - Beginning of period 4,140,942 2,917,551 CASH - End of period 3,947,966 4,140,942 
 RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP MEASURES FOR THE THREE AND TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Three months ended Dec. 31, Twelve months ended Dec. 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net income 465,047 236,009 1,957,024 1,678,824 Interest (34,351) 2,539 (34,520) 10,653 Income taxes 230,820 53,960 542,395 392,242 Depreciation and amortization 121,014 104,376 429,805 433,480 EBITDA 782,530 396,884 2,894,704 2,515,199 Stock based compensation 8,679 8,670 49,321 47,903 Adjusted EBITDA 791,209 405,554 2,944,025 2,563,102 
 
 8 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 scia-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 scia-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 scia-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 scia-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 scia-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

