<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1128189_0001079973-23-000353.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4054321</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216637</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>743056</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1276514</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>838430</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>873764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-000353.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317170400
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-000353
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ProtoKinetix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001128189
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943355026
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32917
		FILM NUMBER:		23743618

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		109 W. MAIN ST.
		CITY:			DALTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-445-4971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		109 W. MAIN ST.
		CITY:			DALTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RJV NETWORK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-000353.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 pktx_10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

U. S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Name of small business issuer as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices,
 including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

 .0000053 par value common stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act: 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by the check mark whether the registration has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling refl ect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive offi cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes 

Auditor PCAOB ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
 based upon the closing price of our common stock which was 0.035 as of June
30, 2022, the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Shares of common stock held
by each officer and director and by each person or group who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock amounting to shares have
been excluded in that such persons or groups may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily
a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were shares
of our common stock that were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 _________________________ 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

Part 1 

Page 

Item 1. 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

10 

Item 2 
 Properties 

10 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 

10 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

10 

Part II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

11 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 

14 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

14 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

16 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

17 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

17 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 

17 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 

18 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

18 

Part III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

19 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 

21 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

23 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

24 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

25 

Part IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

26 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 

27 

Signatures 

28 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

ProtoKinetix, Incorporated ProtoKinetix, 
 we, us, our, or the Company is a research and development stage bio-technology
company focused on scientific medical research of AFGPs (Anti-Freeze Glycoproteins) or anti-aging glycoproteins, trademarked as AAGPs . 
The Company has recently been in the process of directing major efforts to the practical side of commercial validation. The commercial
applications for AAGPs in large markets such as targeted health care solutions are numerous, and ProtoKinetix is currently
working with researchers, business leaders and advisors and commercial entities to bring AAGP to market. 

 ProtoKinetix was incorporated as RJV Network,
Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23, 1999 for the primary purpose of developing an internet-based listing site that
would provide detailed commercial real estate property listings and related data. In July 2003, the Company entered into an assignment
of license agreement with BioKinetix Research, Incorporated for the assignment of rights relating to proprietary technologies of BioKinetix
Research, Incorporated for the creation and commercialization of superantibodies. On July 8, 2003, the Company changed
its name to ProtoKinetix, Incorporated. 

 The Company s executive (or corporate)
offices are located at 109 W Main St, Dalton, Ohio 44618. Our telephone number is (330) 445-4971 and our website is www.protokinetix.com
.. 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

 The information discussed in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as well as some statements in press releases and some oral statements of the
Company s officers during presentations about the Company include forward looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included herein and therein concerning,
among other things, planned capital expenditures, future cash flows and borrowings, pursuit of potential acquisition opportunities, our
financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations, are forward looking statements. These forward
looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as may, expect, estimate, 
 project, plan, believe, intend, achievable, anticipate, 
 will, continue, potential, should, could, and similar terms and
phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve
certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties and are not (and should not considered to be) guarantees of future performance. Our results
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, among others: 

Our capital requirements and the uncertainty of being able to obtain additional funding on terms acceptable to us; 

Our plans to develop and commercialize products from the AAGP molecule; 

Ongoing testing of the AAGP molecule; 

Our intellectual property position; 

Our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

Our ability to retain key members of our senior management and key scientific consultants; 

The effects of competition; 

Our potential tax liabilities resulting from conducting business in the United States and Canada; 

The effect of further sales or issuances of our common stock and the price and volume volatility of our common stock; and 

Our common stock s limited trading history. 

3 

Finally, our future results will depend upon
various other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in the section entitled Risk Factors 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report. All forward looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Other than
as required under securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or otherwise. 

Recent
Developments 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared
coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued to spread, and any related adverse public
health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, potentially leading to an economic
downturn. 

As of the date of this filing, the Company
has regained a significant portion of its operational capacity and we continue to move forward with our research goals. Our supply of
the patented AAGP molecule has been manufactured and stored in the United States and we have adequate inventory to carry out the
projects currently underway. The Company engages contract research organizations (CROs) located in both the United States and Canada.
The CROs contracted by the Company for research projects have been able to meet milestone goals without disruption due to the pandemic.
In January of 2020, Protokinetix signed a master supply agreement with University of Alberta that clears the way for testing of additional
patients in the Phase I clinical trials. The global pandemic halted all work on clinical trials and research testing for most of 2020.
Phase I trials were able restart mid-year 2021 but new strains of covid continue to plague the US and Canada. We cannot accurately predict
a completion date of Phase I trials. 

 We continue to monitor the status of the pandemic
and will adjust our strategy accordingly in order to mitigate the impact on our research projects. The Company survived the adverse
effects of the 2020 Covid-19 outbreak and as at December 31, 2022 continues to carry out operations including raising funds for ongoing
research and product development. 

 On February 11, 2022, the Company held its
first annual stockholder meeting. The meeting was held solely by means of remote communication due to COVID-19 concerns. At the meeting,
the Company: (i) elected Clarence Smith and Ed McDonough as directors of the Company; (ii) approved the amendment and restatement of the
Company s Articles of Incorporation to, among other things, increase the number of authorized shares of common stock to 500,000,000;
(iii) voted, in an advisory vote, to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; (iv) voted, in an advisory
vote, to conduct an advisory vote on compensation of the Company s named executive officers every three years; and (v) approved
the appointment of Davidson Company LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, as the Company s independent accounting firm
for the 2022 fiscal year. 

 During the year 2022 the Company developed an ophthalmic
formulation and completed efficacy testing in a dry eye formulation and various dosages. Phase I clinical trials conducted by Dr. James
Shapiro were reactivated but access to qualified patients has been slow and progress minimal since global pandemic. The Company is making
a concerted effort to find strategic partners and is the impressive accumulation of research data to attract potential partners or buyers
of the Company. Industry leaders in biochemistry and pharmaceuticals, both domestic and international, are potential partners. 

Research and Development 

Our business depends on our ability to sponsor research
and development activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred total research and development expenses of
 435,872. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred total research and development expenses of 448,873. 
In order to reach the Company s goals of developing a marketable product, we will need to increase the funding of our research and
development activities which at this time is limited by our ability to raise money to fund the Company. 

4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The Company s securities are highly speculative
and involve a high degree of risk, including among other items the risk factors described below. The below risk factors are intended
to generally describe certain risks that could materially affect the Company and its current business operations and activities. 

You should carefully consider the risks described
below and elsewhere herein in connection with any decision whether to acquire, hold or sell the Company s securities. If any
of the contingencies discussed in the following paragraphs or other materially adverse events actually occur, the business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock
could decline, and you could lose all or a significant part of your investment. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company's current and projected business operations
and its financial condition and results of operations. 

 Actual events involving reduced or limited
liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or other companies in the financial
services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds, have in the past
and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, was closed by the
California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as receiver.
Although we did not have any cash or cash equivalent balances on deposit with Silicon Valley Bank, investor concerns regarding the U.S.
or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs
and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more
difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity
resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our
other obligations, or result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts
resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts
on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 

We
continue to face significant business disruption and related risks resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

 The ongoing and developing COVID-19 pandemic has caused
a broad impact globally. While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess
or predict, any resulting recession or economic slowdown will have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

As
of the date of this filing, the Company has regained a significant portion of its operational capacity and we continue to move forward
with our research goals. Our supply of the patented AAGP molecule has been manufactured and stored in the United States and we
have adequate inventory to carry out the projects currently underway. The Company engages contract research organizations (CROs) located
in both the United States and Canada. The CROs contracted by the Company for research projects have been able to meet milestone goals
without disruption due to the pandemic. Clinical trials in Edmonton, Canada, under the supervision of Dr. Shapiro, were stalled in 2020
due to COVID-19. Phase I trials were continued starting mid-year 2021 and continue in 2022. New strains of Covid continue to plague Canada
and the US and we cannot predict the completion of Phase I trials. We continue to monitor the status of the pandemic and will adjust
our strategy accordingly in order to mitigate the impact on our research projects. 

In addition, any significant disruption of global
financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, could negatively affect our liquidity and ability to continue operations. The
exact impact is and will remain unknown and largely dependent upon future developments, including but not limited to information on the
duration and spread of COVID-19, changes in customer demand, additional mitigation strategies proposed by governmental authorities (including
federal, state, or local stay at home or similar orders), restrictions on the activities of our domestic and international suppliers and
shipment of goods. 

War in the Ukraine may
impact the business of the Company and the financial markets in which the Company needs to raise capital. 

Political and military events
in Ukraine, including the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, as well as ongoing warfare between Russia and Ukraine may have an adverse
impact on our ability to grow our business. 

For so long as the hostilities
continue and perhaps even thereafter as the situation in Europe unfolds, we may see increased volatility in financial markets and a flight
to safety by investors, which may make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional capital at the time when it needs to do so,
or for financing to be available upon acceptable terms. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown,
instability or recovery. 

Moreover, retaliatory acts
by Russia in response to economic sanctions or other measures taken by the international community against could include an increased
number or severity of cyber-attacks from Russia or its allies. We are dependent on information technology systems, and any interruption,
breach, or security lapse of those systems could adversely affect our results of operations. For example, the loss of data from any clinical
trials could result in delays in research and development, and the loss, corruption, or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets,
patents, or other proprietary information could compromise the commercial viability of our products. We may also incur additional costs
in the future related to the implementation of additional security measures to protect against new or enhanced data security and privacy
threats, or to comply with state, federal and international laws that may be enacted to address those threats. 

All or any of these risks
separately, or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

We may be adversely affected by the
effects of inflation. 

 Inflation has the potential to adversely
affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure. The existence
of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages,
increased costs of labor, components, manufacturing and shipping, as well as weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a
result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the
effects of inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could
be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial
actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 

5 

Our Company has a lack of operating history
and lack of revenues from operations. Our Company has no revenues and very limited operating history. As of the date
of this Annual Report, our most significant assets are cash and our intellectual property. Our ability to successfully generate
revenues from our intellectual property is dependent on a number of factors, including availability of funds to complete development efforts,
to adequately test and refine our products, and to commercialize our products. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter
setbacks with our products, or that funding will be sufficient to bring our products to the point of commercialization. 

We may have difficulty raising any needed additional
capital. We may have difficulty raising needed capital in the future as a result of, among other factors, our lack of revenues
from operations, as well as the inherent business risks associated with our Company and present and future market conditions. Our
business currently generates no revenue from operations. We will likely require additional funds to conduct research and development,
establish and conduct non-clinical and clinical trials, secure clinical and commercial-scale manufacturing arrangements and provide for
marketing and distribution. If adequate funds are unavailable, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one
or more of our research, development or commercialization programs, product launches or marketing efforts, any of which may materially
harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are dependent on our key personnel, and the
loss of such personnel could adversely affect our business. We depend on the continued performance of the members of our
management team and our Business and Scientific Advisory Board who have contributed to the expertise of our team and the position of our
business. If we lose the services of members of our management teams, and are unable to locate a suitable replacement in a timely
manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not expect to obtain key man life insurance for any members
of management in the foreseeable future. 

We may experience difficulty implementing our
business plan. Our business plan is to continue with the development of the Company s intellectual property and to
develop a product for sale commercially. We may require additional capital in order to develop our products for sale commercially. 
There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain additional capital on reasonable terms, or at all. 

We have been and expect to be significantly
dependent on our collaborative agreements for the research, development and testing of AAGP , which exposes us to the risk
of reliance on the performance of third parties. In conducting our research and development activities, we currently rely,
and expect to continue to rely, on numerous collaborative agreements with third parties such as contract research organizations, commercial
partners, universities, governmental agencies and not-for-profit organizations for both strategic and financial resources. The loss
of, or failure to perform by us or our partners (who are subject to regulatory, competitive and other risks) under any applicable agreements
or arrangements, or our failure to secure additional agreements for our product candidates, would substantially disrupt or delay our research
and development and commercialization activities. Any such loss would likely increase our expenses and materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We are a research and product development stage
company that has not yet developed or sold any products. To date, we have not yet developed nor marketed
a product. Ongoing testing of the AAGP molecule with three amino acids joined to a monosaccharide by a gemdiflouride
bond continues to show that there is significant promise in the field of medicine of preserving cells, tissue and organs from various
stresses. Tests have confirmed that the AAGP molecule improves the harvest of cells from cryopreservation by 30 
to 120 . We believe there is a market for AAGP to preserve cells, particularly various stem cells, and we will continue
testing with potential customers. At the same time, we are taking steps to improve the manufacturing process to reduce costs and improve
purity and biochemical activity. 

Even if we develop product candidates which
obtain regulatory approval they may never achieve market acceptance or commercial success. Even if we develop products
and obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals, our products may not achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients and third party
payors and, ultimately, may not be commercially successful. Market acceptance of our product candidates for which we receive approval
depends on a number of factors. Any failure by our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval to achieve market acceptance
or commercial success would adversely affect our financial results. 

The potential widespread acceptance of therapies that
are alternatives to ours may limit market acceptance of our formulations or products, even if commercialized. Many of our targeted
diseases and conditions can also be treated by other medication or technologies. These treatments may be widely accepted in medical
communities and have a longer history of use. The established use of these competitive drugs may limit the potential for our technologies,
formulations and products to receive widespread acceptance if commercialized. 

6 

The market for our product candidates is rapidly
changing and competitive, and new technologies treatments which may be developed by others could impair our ability to maintain and grow
our business and remain competitive. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are subject to rapid and substantial
technological change. Developments by others may render our technologies and our product candidates noncompetitive or obsolete,
or we may be unable to keep pace with technological developments or other market factors. Technological competition from pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities and others now existing or diversifying into the field is intense and
is expected to increase. Many of these entities have significantly greater research and development capabilities, human resources
and budgets than we do, as well as substantially more marketing, manufacturing, financial and managerial resources. These entities represent
significant competition for us. 

Risks Related to Product Development and Regulation 

Our ability to generate revenues will be dependent
on our ability to develop a product that complies with legal requirements. Although the laws and regulations of the various
jurisdictions in which we may operate vary in their technical requirements and are subject to amendment from time to time, virtually all
of these jurisdictions require licenses, permits, and other forms of approval. We will have to apply for, and obtain, all requisite
government licenses, registrations, findings of suitability, permits and approvals necessary for us to do business in these new markets. 
We cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to obtain all necessary licenses, registrations, findings of suitability, permits,
or approvals. 

Our failure to obtain costly government approvals,
including required FDA approvals, or to comply with ongoing governmental regulations relating to our technologies and product candidates
could delay or limit introduction of our products and result in failure to achieve revenues or maintain our ongoing business. 
 Our research and development activities and the manufacture and marketing of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation
for safety, efficacy and quality by numerous government authorities in the United States and abroad. Before receiving FDA or foreign
regulatory clearance to market our proposed formulations and products, we will have to demonstrate that our formulations and products
are safe and effective in the population. Clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing of drugs are subject to the rigorous testing
and approval process of the FDA and equivalent foreign regulatory authorities. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
federal, state and foreign statutes and regulations govern and influence the testing, manufacture, labeling, advertising, distribution
and promotion of drugs and medical devices. As a result, regulatory approvals can take a number of years or longer to accomplish
and require the expenditure of substantial financial, managerial and other resources. 

Conducting and completing the clinical trials
necessary for FDA and/or Health Canada approval is costly and subject to intense regulatory scrutiny as well as the risk of failing to
meet the primary endpoint of such trials. We will not be able to commercialize and sell our proposed products and formulations
without completing such trials. In order to conduct clinical trials that are necessary to obtain approval by the FDA and/or Health
Canada to market a formulation or product, it is necessary to receive clearance from the FDA and/or Health Canada to conduct such clinical
trials. The FDA and/or Health Canada can halt clinical trials at any time for safety reasons or because we or our clinical investigators
did not follow the FDA s and/or Health Canada requirements for conducting clinical trials. If we are unable to receive clearance
to conduct clinical trials or the trials are permanently halted by the FDA and/or Health Canada, we would not be able to achieve any revenue
from such product as it is illegal to sell any drug or medical device for human consumption or use without FDA and/or Health Canada approval. 

We could be exposed to significant drug product
liability claims which could be time consuming and costly to defend, divert management attention and adversely impact our ability to obtain
and maintain insurance coverage. The testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of our proposed products involve an inherent
risk that product liability claims will be asserted against us. Product liability insurance may prove inadequate to cover claims
and/or litigation costs. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products, regardless of their outcome, could require
us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant settlement amounts or judgments. Any successful product
liability or other claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable
terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and product candidates. A product liability claim
could also significantly harm our reputation and delay market acceptance of our proposed formulations and products. 

7 

Risk Factors Related to Intellectual Property and
Obsolescence 

We rely on patents and other intellectual property
to protect our business interests. We have attempted to protect our products and will attempt to protect other products through
a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality agreements, patents and other contractual provisions. Patents only provide a limited
protection against infringement, and patent infringement suits are complex, expensive, and not always successful. Although the Company
believes its patents will provide significant protection, there can be no assurance that they will be issued and if they are, that they
will provide enough protection. 

Because it is difficult and costly to protect
our proprietary rights, we may not be able to ensure their protection. Our commercial success will depend in part on maintaining
patent protection and trade secret protection for our products, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges.
We will only be able to protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents
or trade secrets cover them. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved.
No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical or biotechnology patents has emerged to date in the United
States. The patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations
of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict
the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. 

Our competitive position could be harmed if
we are unable to enforce confidentiality agreements. Our proprietary information is critically important to our competitive
position and is a significant aspect of our business plan. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with most of our employees
and consultants, and control access to, and distribution of, our documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
precautions, we cannot assure you that these strategies will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. 
Therefore, we could be required to expend significant amounts to defend our rights to proprietary information in the future if a breach
were to occur. 

General Corporate Risk Factors 

 Insiders continue to have substantial
control over the Company. As of March 17, 2023, the Company s directors and executive officers hold the current right
to vote approximately 32.2 of the Company s outstanding voting stock; of which 25.9 is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly
by the Company CEO, Clarence Smith. In addition, the Company s directors and executive officers have the right to acquire additional
shares which could increase their voting percentage significantly. As a result, Mr. Smith acting alone, and/or many of these individuals
acting together, may have the ability to exert significant control over the Company s decisions and control the management and affairs
of the Company, and also to determine the outcome of matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election and removal
of a director, the removal of any officer and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets.
Accordingly, this concentration of ownership may harm a future market price of the Company s common stock by: 

Delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company; 

Impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving the Company; or 

Discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 
 The Company may not be able to continue
as a going concern. Our independent public accountants noted that our recurring losses from operations 1,907,309 and
 2,329,310 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) and negative net operating cash flow 804,669 and 889,891 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This
may hinder our future ability to obtain financing or may force us to obtain financing on less favorable terms than would otherwise be
available. 

8 

The Company is dependent upon additional
financing which it may not be able to secure in the future. As it has in the past, the Company will likely continue to require
financing to address its working capital needs, continue its development efforts, support business operations, fund possible continuing
operating losses, and respond to unanticipated capital requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing or capital
will be available and, if available, upon acceptable terms and conditions. To the extent that any required additional financing
is not available on acceptable terms, the Company s ability to continue in business may be jeopardized and the Company may need
to curtail its operations and implement a plan to extend payables and reduce overhead until sufficient additional capital is raised to
support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. Such a plan could have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately the Company could be forced to discontinue
its operations, liquidate and/or seek reorganization in bankruptcy. 

 The Company has been delinquent in filing
certain income tax and information reporting returns. The Company was delinquent in filing certain income tax returns with
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and reports disclosing its interest in foreign bank accounts on form TDF 90-22.1, Report of Foreign
Bank and Financial Accounts FBARs ). In September 2015, the Company filed the delinquent income tax returns and has
sought waivers of any penalties under the IRS Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program for late filing of the returns and FBARs. Under
the program, the IRS has indicated that it will not impose a penalty for the failure to file delinquent income tax returns if there are
no underreported tax liabilities. On November 30, 2017, the Company received a letter from the IRS concluding their review of the
Company s tax returns under the program and accepting the returns as filed. No penalties have been assessed by the IRS to
date, and management does not believe that the Company will incur any penalties relating to the tax years submitted under the program. 

 Our management is relatively inexperienced
with running a public company and could create a risk of non-compliance. Management s inexperience may cause us to
fall out of compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, which could lead to enforcement action against us and a negative impact
on our stock price. 

 Compliance with changing regulation of
corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses and could create a risk of non-compliance. 
Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure have created uncertainty for public companies
and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the public markets and public reporting. These corporate governance
standards are the product of many sources, including, without limitation, public market perception, stock exchange regulations and SEC
disclosure requirements. Our management team expects to invest significant management time and financial resources to comply with both
existing and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. Management s inexperience may cause
us to fall out of compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, which could lead to enforcement action against us and a negative
impact on our stock price. 

 As a company with a class of securities
registered pursuant to the Exchange Act the Company has significant obligations under the Exchange Act. Having a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act is a time consuming and expensive process and subjects the Company to increased regulatory scrutiny
and extensive and complex regulation. Complying with these regulations is expensive and requires a significant amount of management s
time. For example, public companies are obligated to institute and maintain financial accounting controls and for the accuracy
and completeness of their books and records. These requirements could necessitate additional corporate spending on procedures
and personnel requiring us to reallocate funds from other business objectives. 

Risk Factors Related to Our Common Stock 

 The Company will face significant regulation
by the SEC and state securities administrators. The holders of shares of the Company s common stock and preferred
stock may not offer or sell the shares in private transactions or (should a public market develop, of which there can be no assurance)
public transactions without compliance with regulations imposed by the SEC and various state securities administrators. To the extent
that any holder desires to offer or sell any such shares, the holder must prove to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company that he
has complied with all applicable securities regulations, and the Company may require an opinion of the holder s legal counsel to
that effect. Thus, there can be no assurance that the holder will be able to resell the shares or any interest therein when the holder
desires to do so. 

 Our existing stockholders could experience
further dilution if we elect to raise equity capital to meet our liquidity needs or finance a strategic transaction. As
part of our growth strategy we may desire to raise capital and or utilize our common stock to effect strategic business transactions. 
Either such action will likely require that we issue equity (or debt) securities which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 
Although we will attempt to minimize the dilutive impact of any future capital-raising activities or business transactions, we cannot
offer any assurance that we will be able to do so. If we are successful in raising additional working capital, we may have to issue
additional shares of our common stock at prices at a discount from the then-current market price of our common stock. 

9 

Because we have no plans to pay dividends on
our common stock, investors must look solely to stock appreciation for a return on their investment in us. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future earnings to fund
the development and growth of our business. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and
contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that the board of directors deems relevant. 
Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return
on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

As our stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange, trading in our shares will be subject to rules governing penny stocks, which will impair trading activity in our
shares. Our stock is not on a national securities exchange. Therefore, our stock is subject to rules adopted by the SEC
regulating broker dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Those disclosure rules applicable to
 penny stocks require a broker dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the
rules, to deliver a standardized list disclosure document prepared by the SEC. That disclosure document advises an investor that investment
in penny stocks can be very risky and that the investor s salesperson or broker is not an impartial advisor but rather
paid to sell the shares. The disclosure contains further warnings for the investor to exercise caution in connection with an investment
in penny stocks, to independently investigate the security, as well as the salesperson with whom the investor is working
and to understand the risky nature of an investment in this security. The broker dealer must also provide the customer with certain other
information and must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Further, the rules require that, following the proposed transaction,
the broker provide the customer with monthly account statements containing market information about the prices of the securities. 

The over-the-counter market for stock such as
ours is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the public sale
price. The securities of companies such as ours have historically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations during certain periods.
These broad market fluctuations and other factors, such as new product developments and trends in the industry and in the investment markets
generally, as well as economic conditions and quarterly variations in our operational results, may have a negative effect on the market
price of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s principal executive office, for
all operations during the year 2022 was at 412 Mulberry, Marietta, Oh 45750. 

 In January of 2023 the Company moved its executive
office to109 W. Main St, Dalton, Ohio 44618. The Company does not have a lease for its principal executive office but rents month
to month. A lease on the space is held by the CFO s company, The Guzzetta Company LLC. The Company paid 1050 per month for
the office 1,050 in 2021). ProtoKinetix does not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company and its management are not aware of any
regulatory or legal proceedings or investigations pending involving the Company, any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any of their
respective officers, directors or employees. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY MATTERS 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is currently quoted on OTCQB tier
of the OTC Markets under the symbol PKTX . The table below sets forth the high and low bid prices of the Company s
common stock during the periods indicated as reported on OTC Markets Inc. (www.otcmarkets.com). The quotations are inter-dealer
prices without retail markups, markdowns or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

2022 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.040 
 0.060 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.023 
 0.049 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.026 
 0.041 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.022 
 0.027 

2021 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.081 
 0.225 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.115 
 0.270 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.092 
 0.160 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.055 
 0.140 

Holders 

As of March 17, 2023, there were approximately 115
stockholders of record of the Company s common stock. This does not include an indeterminate number of persons who hold our
Common Stock in brokerage accounts and otherwise in street name. 

Dividends 

We have never paid cash dividends and have no plans
to do so in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy will be determined by our board of directors and will depend upon
a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, our cash needs and expansion plans, income tax consequences, and
the restrictions that applicable laws, our current preferred stock instruments, and our future credit arrangements may then impose. 

Adoption and Amendment of the 2017 Stock Option
and Stock Bonus Plan 

On December 30, 2016, the Board of Directors
of the Company the Board adopted the 2017 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The Board
adopted the 2017 Plan as it anticipates utilizing equity compensation as part of its ongoing standard corporate operations and in connection
with its contemplated activities going forward. 

On November 9, 2018, the Board amended
the 2017 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan to increase the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2017 Plan from 30,000,000
to 50,000,000 shares subject to adjustment as provided therein to continue to incentivize contractors and future employees (if any) of
the Company (the amended 2017 Plan is hereinafter referred to as the Amended 2017 Plan ). On July 15, 2019, the Board
again amended the Amended 2017 Plan to increase the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2017 Plan from 50,000,000
to 89,700,000 shares. On April 6, 2020, the Board approved an amendment to the 2017 Plan to reduce the number of shares of common stock
of the Company available for issuance pursuant to the 2017 Plan from 89,700,000 shares to 85,700,000 shares. On February 16, 2022, the
Board approved an amendment to the 2017 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock of the Company available for issuance pursuant
to the 2017 Plan from 85,700,000 shares to 97,700,000 shares. 

11 

The Amended 2017 Plan also provides for
the ability of the Board to extend the exercise period of an option and provides for flexibility in the event of a change in control of
the Company or consolidation or merger. 

The Amended 2017 Plan is administered by the Board,
or a committee appointed by the Board. In addition to determining who will be granted options or bonuses, the committee has the
authority and discretion to determine when options and bonuses will be granted and the number of options and bonuses to be granted. 
The committee also may determine a vesting and/or forfeiture schedule for bonuses and/or options granted, the time or times when each
option becomes exercisable, the duration of the exercise period for options and the form or forms of the agreements, certificates or other
instruments evidencing grants made under the Amended 2017 Plan. The committee may determine the purchase price of the shares of
common stock covered by each option and determine the fair market value per share. The committee also may impose additional conditions
or restrictions not inconsistent with the provisions of the Amended 2017 Plan. The committee may adopt, amend and rescind such rules
and regulations as in its opinion may be advisable for the administration of the Amended 2017 Plan. 

The committee also has the power to interpret the
Amended 2017 Plan, and the provisions in the instruments evidencing grants made under it, and is empowered to make all other determinations
deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of it. 

Participants in the Amended 2017 Plan may be selected
by the committee from employees, officers, consultants and advisors (including board members) of ProtoKinetix. The committee may
take into account the duties of persons selected, their present and potential contributions to the success of ProtoKinetix and such other
considerations as the committee deems relevant to the purposes of the Amended 2017 Plan. 

In the event of a change, such as a stock split, is
made in the Company s capitalization which results in an exchange or other adjustment of each share of common stock for or into
a greater or lesser number of shares, appropriate adjustments will be made to unvested bonuses and in the exercise price and in the number
of shares subject to each outstanding option. The committee also may make provisions for adjusting the number of bonuses or underlying
outstanding options in the event the Company effects one or more reorganizations, recapitalizations, rights offerings, or other increases
or reductions of shares of its outstanding common stock. Options and bonuses may provide that in the event of the dissolution or
liquidation of ProtoKinetix, a corporate separation or division or the merger or consolidation of ProtoKinetix, the holder may exercise
the option on such terms as it may have been exercised immediately prior to such dissolution, corporate separation or division or merger
or consolidation; or in the alternative, the committee may provide that each option granted under the 2017 Plan shall terminate as of
a date fixed by the committee. 

The exercise price of any option granted under the
Amended 2017 Plan must be no less than 100 of the fair market value of ProtoKinetix s common stock on the date of
grant. Any incentive stock option granted under the Amended 2017 Plan to a person owning more than 10 of the total combined voting
power of the common stock must be at a price of no less than 110 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

The exercise price of an option may be paid in cash,
in shares of ProtoKinetix common stock or other property having a fair market value equal to the exercise price of the option, or in a
combination of cash, shares, other securities and property. The committee determines whether or not property other than cash or
common stock may be used to purchase the shares underlying an option and shall determine the value of the property received. 

As of both December 31, 2022 and March 4, 2023,
97,700,000 options remain as granted under the Amended 2017 Plan. 

12 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under
equity compensation plans, including but not limited to the Amended 2017 Plan and individual compensation arrangements as of December
31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 107,590,000 
 0.06 
 0 
 
 Total 
 107,590,000 
 0.06 
 0 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants
to purchase 13,300,000 shares of common stock of the Company were outstanding (see Note 6 of the notes to the financial statements). 
As of the year ended December 31, 2022, there were warrants and options outstanding representing a total of 13,300,000 and 94,290,000
shares of common stock respectively to be issued upon exercise, of which: (i) options to purchase 94,290,000 shares of common stock were
outstanding under the Amended 2017 Plan; and (ii) warrants outstanding to purchase 13,300,000 shares of common stock not pursuant to any
plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Between January 3, 2022 and February 8, 2022,
the Company issued 2,136,666 shares at a price of 0.06 per share to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of
 128,200. No solicitation was used in the offering. The Company relied on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2)
of the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving
any public offering. No commissions were paid in connection with these issuances of securities. The Company filed a Form D
with the SEC on December 28, 2021, and an Amended Form D was filed on January 12, 2022 and February 25, 2022. 

 Between March 18, 2022 and May 11, 2022, the Company
issued 7,300,000 units to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of 365,000, of which Clarence Smith purchased
1,600,000 units. Each unit consists of one common share and one warrant immediately exercisable to purchase one common share at an exercise
price of 0.05 expiring March 14, 2024. No solicitation was used in the offering. The Company relied on the exemption from registration
available under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions
by an issuer not involving any public offering. No commissions were paid in connection with these issuances of securities. 
The Company filed a Form D with the SEC on April 1, 2022 and an amended Form D on May 18, 2022. 

Between July 11, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the
Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of 225,000, of which
Clarence Smith purchased 6,000,000 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock had a purchase price of 0.03. No solicitation was
used in the offering. The Company relied on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. No commissions
were paid in connection with these issuances of securities. The Company filed a Form D with the SEC on July 26, 2022 and an amended
Form D on October 14, 2022. 

Between December 8, 2022 and December 27, 2022, the
Company issued 3,100,000 shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of 77,500, of which
Clarence Smith purchased 2,520,000 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock had a purchase price of 0.025. No solicitation
was used in the offering. The Company relied on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule
506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. 
No commissions were paid in connection with these issuances of securities. The Company filed a Form D with the SEC on December 23,
2022. 

On December 30, 2022 the Company issued 5,450,000
shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of 109,000, of which Clarence Smith purchased
1,850,000 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock had a purchase price of 0.02. No solicitation was used in the offering.
The Company relied on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D
promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. No commissions were
paid in connection with these issuances of securities. The Company filed a Form D with the SEC on January 6, 2023. 

13 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion provides information regarding
the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our financial condition, liquidity and capital resources
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The financial statements and the notes thereto contain detailed information that should be referred
to in conjunction with this discussion. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read
in conjunction with and our historical financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, as well as the Risk Factors and the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included above. 

Results of Operations 

For
 the Years Ended 

2022 
 2021 

Operating Expenses 

Amortization 
 58,450 
 3,000 
 
 General and Administrative 
 162,749 
 316,995 
 
 Professional Fees 
 166,254 
 160,388 
 
 Research and Development 
 448,873 
 435,872 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 1,070,983 
 1,413,055 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,907,309 
 2,329,310 
 
 Loss from Operations 
 (1,907,309 
 (2,329,310 

Net Loss 
 (1,907,309 
 (2,329,310 

Revenues 

We had no revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Gross profit and expenses 

The Company s net loss was 1,907,309 for the
year ending December 31, 2022 compared to 2,329,310 for the year ending December 31, 2021. These expenses were primarily incurred
for professional fees, share-based compensation related to the operations of the Company s business, research and development and
other general and administrative expenses. Significant changes from the prior year include: 

Professional fees decreased by 5,866, year over year going to 166,254 from 160,388 as legal and auditing fees each contributed to a small increase , while accounting activity remained unchanged over prior year totals. 

Share-based compensation decreased by 342,072 from 1,413,055 to 1,070,983 primarily because of a the revaluation of existing options granted. In 2020 the Company adopted a change in accounting based on new FASB guidance for valuation of share-based payments to non-employees. 

Research and development increased slightly by 13,001 from 435,872 to 448,873 as the Company finished existing test projects and moves toward leveraging the positive study findings. Any new projects will be targeted investments expanding the development of the AAGP molecule through institutional collaborations and industry partnerships. 

General and administrative expenses decreased throughout the year by 154,246 from 316,995 to 162,749 due to the significant decrease in spending on marketing, press releases and social media exposure. Majority of new information is currently released through updates to Company website. 

Our expenses in 2022 were 1,907,309 which included
 166,254 in professional fees. We operate the Company by hiring outside consultants to assist us with management, strategic planning,
organization and daily operations. This resulted in 1,070,983 in share-based compensation recognized based on the fair value of
equity instruments granted as compensation. These professional consulting services are related to marketing, accounting, merger
opportunities as well as research development services. The Company also incurred total research and development expenses of 448,873
and general and administrative costs of 162,749 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

14 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As at 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash 
 25,550 
 57,568 

Working Capital 
 (14,930 
 (9,705 

At December 31, 2022, we had 25,550 in cash and 26,600
in total current assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital equity deficit position of 14,930. Although as
of the date of this Annual Report we believe we have sufficient capital to meet cash flow projections and carry forward our business objectives
in the short-term, the Company needs additional working capital to continue its medical research or to be successful in any future business
activities and continue to pay its liabilities. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to raise capital from
outside sources in sufficient amounts to fund our business. 

The failure to secure adequate outside funding would
have an adverse effect on our plan of operation and results therefrom and a corresponding negative impact on stockholder liquidity. 

Sources and Uses of Cash for the Years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities decreased 85,222 from 889,891 to 804,669 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
This decrease was predominantly due to the overall decreased spending on web marketing, news releases, and social media. Informative updates
have been posted on the Company website, reducing the need news releases. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in investing activities increased by 41,064 primarily from the increase in patent application spending due to expansion of patent
family. Net cash from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 90,985. Net cash used for investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 132,049. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
provided by financing activities increased by 59,700 from 845,000 to 904,700 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 respectively.
This increase was predominantly due to an increase in private placements completed. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern. The history of losses and the potential inability for the Company to make a profit from selling
a good or service has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In spite of the fact that the current
cash obligations of the Company are relatively minimal, given the cash position of the Company, we have very little cash to operate. We
intend to fund the Company and attempt to meet corporate obligations by selling common stock. However, the Company s common
stock is at a low price and trading is not consistent. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

15 

Contractual Obligations 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by paragraph (a)(5) of this Item. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make a variety of estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and (ii) the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods covered by the financial statements. 

Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates
about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions affecting the future resolution
of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. Although we believe that our estimates and assumptions
are reasonable, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates and assumptions based upon actual results
may have a material impact on our results of operation and/or financial condition. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in
Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

While all of the significant accounting policies are
important to the Company s financial statements, the following accounting policies and the estimates derived there from have been
identified as being critical. 

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company has granted warrants and options to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock to various parties for consulting services. The fair values of the warrants and options
issued have been estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. 

The Company accounts for stock compensation with persons
classified as employees for accounting purposes in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which
recognizes awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period for awards expected to vest. Cliff
Vesting is used and awards vest on the last day of the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model. The fair value of common shares issued for services is determined based on the Company s stock price on the
date of issuance. 

Share-based compensation for non-employees in exchange
for goods and services used or consumed in an entity s own operations are also recorded at fair value on the measurement date and
accounted for in accordance with ASC 718. The measurement of share-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying
instruments vest. The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and the compensation charges
are amortized over the vesting period. 

Intangible Assets Patent and Patent Application
Costs 

The Company owns intangible assets consisting of certain
patents and patent applications. Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Subsequent
expenditures are capitalized only when they increase the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they relate.
The Company capitalizes its patent application costs. All other expenditures are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. 

As at December 31, 2022, the Company does not hold
any intangible assets with indefinite lives. 

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized
over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
amortization method and amortization period of an intangible asset with a finite life is reviewed at least annually. 

Changes in the expected useful life or the expected
pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortization period or method,
as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. 

Amortization is recognized in profit or loss on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the Company s patents, whereas no amortization has been recognized on the
patent application costs as at December 31, 2022. 

Sales and Marketing 

The Company is currently not selling or marketing any products. 

Inflation 

Although management expects that our operations will
be influenced by general economic conditions, we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during
the year ending December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

16 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The information required by this Item begins on page F-1 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated into this part by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the 1934
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, under the direction of our Chief Executive
Officer (who is our principal executive officer), and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal accounting officer) has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by 1934 Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of December 31, 2022 (the end of
the period covered by this report). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal accounting officer concluded
that these disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are not effective
to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
by the SEC s rules and forms. 

The Company, including its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that its internal controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and all fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

In accordance with Item 308 of SEC Regulation S-K,
management is required to provide an annual report regarding internal controls over our financial reporting. This report, which includes
management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, is found below. Inasmuch as the
Company is neither an accelerated filer nor a large accelerated filer, the Company is not obligated to provide an attestation report on
the Company s internal control over financial reporting by the Company s registered public accounting firm. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is also responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the 1934 Act. Our ICFR are intended to be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our ICFR are expected to include those
policies and procedures that management believes are necessary that: 

(1) 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

(2) 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with proper authorizations of management and our directors; and 

(3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

17 

Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect of financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at
a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance
with our established policies and procedures. 

As of December 31, 2022, management (with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s ICFR
based on the framework set forth in Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments by smaller reporting companies and non-accelerated filers.
Based on that assessment, management (with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer) concluded
that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021. 

Material Weaknesses Identified 

In connection with the preparation of our financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, certain significant deficiencies in internal control became evident to management that,
in the aggregate, represent material weaknesses, which include the following: 

Insufficient segregation of duties in our finance
and accounting functions due to limited personnel. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used outside services to perform
all aspects of our financial reporting process, including, but not limited to, access to the underlying accounting records and systems,
the ability to post and record journal entries and responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements. This creates
a lack of review over the financial reporting process that would likely result in a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets, calculations,
or assumptions used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. These control deficiencies
could result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

Insufficient corporate governance policies. 
Although we have a code of ethics which provides broad guidelines for corporate governance, our corporate governance activities and processes
are not always formally documented. Specifically, decisions made by our Board of Directors to be carried out by management should
be documented and communicated on a timely basis to reduce the likelihood of any misunderstandings regarding key decisions affecting our
operations and management. 

Plan for Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

We intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps
to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies provided that we have the resources to implement them. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report is
not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm. 

There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On February 11, 2022, the Company held its
first annual stockholder meeting. The meeting was held solely by means of remote communication due to COVID-19 concerns. At the meeting,
the Company: (i) elected Clarence Smith and Ed McDonough as directors of the Company; (ii) approved the amendment and restatement of the
Company s Articles of Incorporation to, among other things, increase the number of authorized shares of common stock to 500,000,000;
(iii) voted, in an advisory vote, to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; (iv) voted, in an advisory
vote, to conduct an advisory vote on compensation of the Company s named executive officers every three years; and (v) approved
the appointment of Davidson Company LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, as the Company s independent accounting firm
for the 2022 fiscal year. 

 Between January 20, 2023 and February 11,
2023, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for gross proceeds of 80,000,
of which Clarence Smith purchased 2,000,000 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock had a purchase price of 0.02. No solicitation
was used in the offering. The Company relied on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule
506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. 
No commissions were paid in connection with these issuances of securities. The Company filed a Form D with the SEC on January 6,
2023 and filed an amended Form D on February 7, 2023. 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT
PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

As of March 17, 2023, the Company s current officers and directors
consist of the following persons: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Year Appointed 
 
 Clarence E. Smith 

59 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President 
 
 February 2015 

Director 
 
 June 2014 

Michael R Guzzetta 

65 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 2017 

Edward P. McDonough 

70 
 
 Director 
 
 July 2015 

Clarence E. Smith was appointed President and
Chief Executive Officer for the Company on February 19, 2015 and was previously appointed a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
on June 1, 2014. Prior to joining the Company as President and CEO, Mr. Smith served and continues to serve as managing member of
Tombstone Resources and Smith Equipment, LLC, a privately held company that holds operating oil and gas wells and Smith Equipment Company,
a privately held company that leases out construction equipment. In 1981, Mr. Smith started Arvilla Well Service in West Virginia
which provided construction services to oil and gas companies in the Appalachian Basin. After merging Arvilla Well Service into
Arvilla Pipeline Construction Co., Inc., Mr. Smith sold the company in 2008. Mr. Smith also purchased Arrow Oilfield Services in
2004, which was renamed Arvilla Oilfield Services, LLC and subsequently merged with Trans Energy, a publicly traded company in 2004. 
Mr. Smith served as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Trans Energy, Inc. from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Smith graduated from St. Marys High
School in West Virginia in 1981. 

Michael R. Guzzetta was appointed Chief Financial
Officer of the Company on November 14, 2017. Mr. Guzzetta is a Certified Public Accountant with a practice located in Central 
Northeast Ohio providing services including business and individual taxation, non-profit accounting, corporate policy and procedure development,
business organization and consulting. Prior to opening his practice, he spent 20 years in corporate management in the communications
and energy industries. Between 2014 and 2015, Mr. Guzzetta served as Treasurer and principal financial officer of Trans Energy Inc.,
a publicly traded energy company, where his responsibilities included corporate banking, risk management, maintaining fiscal control,
budgeting, taxation and SEC reporting. His prior positions include Midwest Region Business Manager for a Fortune 100 company and
Controller for an energy marketing company. Mr. Guzzetta also served as an Adjunct Professor at Stark State College and taught courses
in accounting, finance, business management, and economics. He is a graduate of Walsh University where he graduated Magna Cum Laude
with a BA in Accounting. He earned his MBA from Capital University in Columbus, Ohio. Mr. Guzzetta has been a past member
of both the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has served
on the boards of the Canton Ballet, the ALS CARE Project and the Finance Committee of Stark County Board of Developmental Disabilities. 

Edward P. McDonough was appointed as a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company on July 1, 2015. In addition to serving as a director of the Company, Mr. McDonough is
a managing shareholder and President of McDonough, Eddy, Parsons Baylous, A.C., a certified public accountant firm in Parkersburg,
West Virginia since 1985. The firm originated in the early 1950s, employs 15 professional certified public accountants and accountants,
and serves as certified public accountants for approximately 400 private corporations, firms, and individuals in various commercial, business,
professional, and industrial fields. Mr. McDonough became a Certified Public Accountant in 1978, a Certified Valuation Analyst in
1996, and a Chartered Global Management Accountant in 2012. Since 1986, Mr. McDonough has served as a Director and Chairman of the
Board of Community Bank of Parkersburg, held by Community Bankshares, Inc. He is also a Member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (AICPA), has served as a Past President and Member of the West Virginia Board of Accountancy, is a Life Member, Past
Director and Past President of the West Virginia Society of Certified Public Accountants and is a Member and Past President of the Parkersburg
Chapter of the West Virginia Society of CPAs. Mr. McDonough acquired his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a Major
in Accounting at West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia in 1973. 

19 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our
executive officers and directors. 

Term of Office 

Each director shall hold office until the next annual
meeting of stockholders or until his successor shall have been elected and qualified, or until there is a decrease in the number of directors. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

See Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

Corporate Governance 

Code of Ethics 

On July 8, 2019, the Board adopted a new Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy Code of Ethics which replaced in its entirety the Company s prior code
of ethics. The Code of Ethics applies to all directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company and amends and restates the
Company s prior code of ethics to update certain provisions for business and regulatory developments and to provide additional guidance
and greater detail on certain issues such as conflicts of interest, reporting illegal or unethical behavior, confidentiality and use of
the Company s assets, and hedging of Company securities. The Board also approved an insider trading policy, related party transactions
policy, and policy on trading blackout periods, benefit plans and SEC reporting. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The Company does not currently have a separately designated
audit committee. Instead, the Board of Directors as a whole acts as the Company s audit committee. Consequently,
the Company does not currently have a designated audit committee financial expert. 

The Company also does not have a separately designated
compensation committee. To date, the Company has not retained an independent compensation advisor to assist the Company review and analyze
the structure and terms of the Company s executive officers. 

Independent Directors 

The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. McDonough
is the only independent member of the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to SEC Rule 10A-3(b)(1). 

Business and Scientific Advisory Board 

Our Business and Scientific Advisory Board exists
to assist the Board of Directors with understanding both the regulatory and business aspects of the biopharmaceutical industry are particularly
valuable for the expansion and commercialization of AAGP applications. The members on the board are: 

Dr. Julia Levy, PhD, Chairman, Business and Scientific Advisory Board. Dr. Levy is a founder, former President and former Chief Scientific Officer of QLT, Inc., where she and her colleagues developed the first medical treatment for macular degeneration, a leading cause of blindness among the elderly. She has received numerous awards and honorary degrees. In her honor the Julia Levy B.C. Leadership Chair in Macular Research at the University of British Columbia was established. 

Mr. Peter Jensen, former director of the Company. 

20 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires the Company s directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10 of
the Company s common stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of copies of
Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments thereto filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and stockholder reports from our transfer
agent and written representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 our officers, directors
and 10 or more stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them except that: Mr. Smith filed four
Forms 4 late representing eight transactions not reported on a timely basis. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table summarizes the annual compensation paid to ProtoKinetix s
named executive officers for the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Summary Compensation Table for Executive Officers 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards(1) 
 ) 
 
 Non-equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Clarence E. Smith 

President CEO 

2022 
 
 - 

- 

- 

1,037,384 

- 

- 

- 

1,037,384 

2021 
 
 - 

- 

- 

131,494 

- 

- 

- 

131,494 
 
 Michael R. Guzzetta 

Chief Financial Officer 

2022 
 
 60,000 

- 

- 

405,974 

- 

- 

- 

465,974 

2021 
 
 60,000 

- 

- 

13,149 

- 

- 

- 

73,149 

(1) Represents the grant date full fair value of compensation costs of stock options granted during the respective year for financial statement reporting purposes, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Refer to the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End schedule regarding option details on an award-by-award basis. 

Consulting Agreements 

We have entered into consulting
agreements with certain Company officers as set forth below. 

Clarence E. Smith 
 Mr. Smith is Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. He entered into a consulting agreement with the Company
dated December 30, 2016 (effective January 1, 2017) (the 2017 Smith Agreement ). 

The 2017 Smith Agreement provides for a one-year term
through December 31, 2017 and for an annual salary of 1.00. Mr. Smith is entitled to receive a bonus payment equal to 2.5 of the
aggregate value of any application sale or license of any patent rights or products effected during the term of the 2017 Smith Agreement. 

Mr. Smith is also entitled to a termination fee if
the agreement is terminated for the following two reasons: 

A termination without cause: If Mr. Smith is terminated without cause he will be entitled to a termination fee of 100,000 per year of service (including the pro-rata amount for partial years of service); 

A termination upon a change of control event: Following a change of control event he will be entitled to a termination fee equal to 100,000 per year of service (including the pro-rata amount for partial years of service) plus 2.5 of the aggregate transaction value of the change of control. 

On September 1, 2017, Mr. Smith and the Company entered
into an amendment to the 2017 Smith Agreement (the September Amendment ), whereby the term of the agreement was extended
from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 and automatically renews for one-year increments under the same terms and conditions of the
2017 Smith Agreement, unless either party gives written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the end of such calendar year. 

On December 7, 2022, in connection with Mr. Smith s
continued service to the Company, the Company cancelled, and concurrently replaced 32,350,000 stock options previously issued
to Mr. Smith pursuant to the Company s Amended 2017 Plan between 2021 to 2022 at exercise prices between 0.06 and 0.11 per share.
The replacement options are fully vested and have a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.028 per share, expiring
on December 6, 2028. 

Please refer to Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End for a description of the option grants issued to Mr. Smith during 2022. 

21 

Michael R. Guzzetta Mr. Guzzetta
is Chief Financial Officer of the Company. He entered into a consulting agreement with the Company dated November 14, 2017. The
consulting agreement term is from November 14, 2017 to December 1, 2018, with automatic renewal in one-year increments with both parties
having a right to terminate by giving either party notice 30 days prior to the end of the term. It also provides for a monthly consulting
fee of 5,000. In 2022, the Company paid Mr. Guzzetta 60,000 in consulting fees, and reimbursed The Guzzetta Company LLC 11,025 in office
rent. In 2021, he received 60,000 in consulting fees and The Guzzetta Company LLC was reimbursed 12,600 for office rent of 1,050 monthly. 

On December 7, 2022, in connection with Mr. Guzzetta s
continued service to the Company, the Company cancelled, and concurrently replaced 13,260,000 stock options previously issued
to Mr. Guzzetta pursuant to the Company s Amended 2017 Plan between 2018 to 2021 at various exercise prices between 0.06 and 0.11
per share. The replacement options are fully vested and have a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.028 per share,
expiring on December 6, 2028. 

Please refer to Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End for a description of the option grants issued to Mr. Guzzetta during 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides information as to option
awards held by each of the named executive officers of ProtoKinetix 

 as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 

Clarence E. Smith 
 32,350,000 (1) 
 
 0.028 
 12/06/2028 

Michael R. Guzzetta 
 13,260,000 (2) 
 
 0.028 
 12/06/2028 

(1) 
 Represents options cancelled, and subsequently regranted pursuant to the Amended 2017 Plan on December 7, 2022 at 0.028 per share, fully vested. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents options cancelled, and subsequently regranted pursuant to the Amended 2017 Plan on December 7, 2022 at 0.028 per share, fully vested. 

Director Compensation 

 The following table sets forth a summary of the compensation earned
by each non-employee director who served on the Board during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Director Compensation 

Fees Earned
 or Paid in Cash 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards
 (1) 
 Option Awards
 (2) 
 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Edward P. McDonough 

682,091 

682,091 

(1) 
 The aggregate grant date fair value of these stock awards was computed in accordance with ASC 718. 

(2) 
 
 Represents the grant date full fair value
 of compensation costs of stock options granted during the respective year for financial statement reporting purposes, using the Black-Scholes
 Option Pricing Model. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in the Company s audited financial statements. 

(3) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. McDonough held
 options to acquire 7,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, all of which were vested and exercisable and expire on December
 6, 2028. 

On or about December 30, 2016, the Company entered
into a new consulting agreement with Mr. McDonough, effective January 1, 2017 (the 2017 McDonough Agreement ). 

On September 1, 2017, the Company entered into an
amendment to the 2017 McDonough Agreement, effective immediately. This new agreement is effective through December 31, 2018, but shall
automatically renew for one-year increments under the same terms and conditions of the 2017 McDonough Agreement unless by stockholder
vote or 30 days prior to the end of such calendar year written notice is given by either party to the other notifying them of a desire
to terminate. 

On December 7, 2022, in connection with Mr. McDonough s
continued service to the Company, the Company cancelled, and concurrently replaced 7,500,000 stock options previously issued
to Mr. McDonough pursuant to the Company s Amended 2017 Plan between 2018 to 2020 at various exercise prices between 0.06 and 0.11
per share. The replacement options are fully vested and have a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.028 per share,
expiring on December 6, 2028 

22 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 17, 2023, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers
and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (a) over which such person, directly or indirectly,
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (b) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options, warrants or convertible debt. Shares underlying such options, warrants, and
convertible promissory notes, however, are only considered outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person
and are not considered outstanding when computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and
investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial
owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

Name
 Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature
 of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Percentage 
 as of 
 March
 17, 2023 (1) 
 
 More than 5 Stockholders 

Grant Young (2) 

52,301,250 

14.2 

Alexandra Smith (3) 

27,700,776 

8.5 

John Edith Smith(4) 

21,458,709 

6.6 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Clarence E. Smith(5) 

93,337,092 

25.9 

Michael R. Guzzetta(6) 

13,976,369 

4.1 

Edward P. McDonough(7) 

7,500,000 

2.2 

All directors and executive officers as a group: 

114,813,461 

32.22 

(1) 
 Based on 326,880,151 shares of common stock outstanding on March 17, 2023, and, with respect to each individual holder, rights to acquire common stock exercisable within 60 days of March 17, 2023. 

(2) 
 Consists of 10,021,250 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Young directly; the right to acquire 6,000,000 shares of common stock upon warrant exercise; the right to acquire 36,280,000 shares of common stock upon option exercise. 

(3) 
 Consists of 27,700,776 shares of common stock owned by Alexandra Smith directly. 

(4) 
 Consists of 21,458,709 shares of common stock owned by John and Edith Smith JTWROS. 

(5) 
 Consists of 43,964,443 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Smith directly, 13,572,649 held by Mr. Smith s trusts, 1,850,000 held by Mr. Smith s retirement account, the right to acquire 32,350,000 shares of common stock upon option exercise, and the right to acquire 1,600,000 shares upon warrant exercise. 

(6) 
 Consists of 716,369 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Guzzetta directly, and 13,260,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(7) 
 Consists of 7,500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

23 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The following is a description of transactions
during the last fiscal year in which the transaction involved a material dollar amount and in which any of the Company s directors,
executive officers or holders of more than 5 of the Company s common stock had or will have a direct or indirect material interest,
other than compensation which is described under Executive Compensation. Management believes the terms obtained or consideration
that was paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arms length transactions: 

Pursuant to a consulting agreement with an effective
date of November 14, 2017, a total of 60,000 (2020 - 60,000) was paid or accrued to the Company s CFO. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company reimbursed a company controlled by the CFO a total of 11,025 (2021 - 12,600) in office rent. 

 On December 7, 2022, the Company cancelled
and concurrently replaced 32,350,000 stock options previously issued to the Company s CEO and a Director of the Company
from 2021 to 2022. The modification incremental fair value of 80,105 was recognized in the current period. The 32,350,000 replacement
options and a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.28 per share, expiring on December 6, 2028. 

 On December 7, 2022, the Company cancelled
and concurrently replaced 13,260,000 stock options previously issued to the Company s CFO and a Director of the Company
from 2018 to 2022. The modification incremental fair value of 82,398 was recognized in the current period. The 13,260,000 replacement
options granted have a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.028 per share, expiring on December 6, 2028. 

On December 7, 2022, the Company cancelled
and concurrently replaced 7,500,000 stock options previously issued to a director of the Company from 2018 to 2022. The modification incremental
fair value of 24,524 was recognized in the current period The 7,500,000 replacement options granted are fully vested and have a term
of 6 years, exercisable at a price of 0.028 per share, expiring on December 6, 2028. 

On December 7, 2022, in connection with
a consultant s continued service to the Company, the Company cancelled, and concurrently replaced 36,280,000 stock options
previously issued to the consultant pursuant to the Company s Amended 2017 Plan between 2018 to 2021 at various exercise prices
between 0.06 and 0.11 per share. The replacement options are fully vested and have a term of 6 years, exercisable at a price
of 0.028 per share, expiring on December 6, 2028. 

Please refer to Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities and Use of Proceeds for a description of the securities purchased by Mr. Smith during 2022. 

Please refer to Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End for a description of the option grants issued to Mr. Smith and Mr. Guzzetta during 2022. 

24 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Davidson
 Company LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants Davidson the Company s principal accountants billed the Company
 28,847 and 28,500, respectively for fees for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements. All amounts are in
U.S. dollars. 

Audit-Related Fees 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Davidson
did not provide the Company with any assurances or related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the
Company s financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Davidson
billed 3,500 in 2022 and 3,500 in 2021 for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Davidson
did not bill the Company for fees associated with the preparation and filing of the Company s registration statements, the creation
of pro forma financial statements and other related matters. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Davidson
billed the Company 25,293 and 23,837 for fees for the review of the Company s quarterly financial statements. All amounts
are in U.S. dollars. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The Company currently does not have a formal audit
committee. The Company s Board of Directors currently approves in advance all audit and non-audit related services performed
by the Company s principal accountants and appointed Ed McDonough as the responsible director to review all financial information
of the Company and correspond with the independent auditors regarding the same. 

25 

PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SCHEDULE 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 The following documents are being filed with
the Commission as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation as filed on February 16, 2022(1). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company as approved on December 20, 2021(2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Amended 2017 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan(3) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended 2017 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan as approved on July 15, 2019(6) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Amendment to Amended 2017 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan as approved on April 6, 2020(10) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Consultant Warrant 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of our Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Royalty Agreement between the Company and The Governors of the University of Alberta, dated April 8, 2015(4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Collaborative Research Agreement between the Company and the University of British Columbia, dated May 31, 2016(5) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Clarence E. Smith, dated December 30, 2016(7) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Director Consulting Agreement between the Company and Edward P. McDonough, dated December 30, 2016(7) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Grant Young, dated December 30, 2016(8) 
 
 10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Clarence E. Smith and the Company dated September 1, 2017(9) 
 
 10.7 
 
 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Grant Young and the Company dated September 1, 2017(9) 
 
 10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Edward P. McDonough and the Company dated September 1, 2017(9) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Consulting Agreement between ProtoKinetix Incorporated and Michael Guzzetta, dated November 14, 2017(11) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

26 

1. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 with the SEC. 

2. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 with the SEC. 

3. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2018 with the SEC. 

4. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2015 with the SEC. 

5. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2016 with the SEC. 

6. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2019 with the SEC. 

7. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2017 with the SEC. 

8. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2017 with the SEC. 

9. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s amended Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2017 with the SEC. 

10. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2020 with the SEC. 

11. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2017 with the SEC. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished, not filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

 This Item is optional and the registrant is not
required to furnish this information. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

Dated: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Clarence E. Smith 

Clarence E. Smith 

Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael R. Guzzetta 

Michael R. Guzzetta 

Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Dated: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Clarence E. Smith 

Clarence E. Smith 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 Chairman of the Board 

Dated: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward P. McDonough 

Edward P. McDonough 

Director 

28 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 
 (A Development Stage Company) 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 
 (Stated in US Dollars) 

C O N T E N T S 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID #731) DAVIDSON COMPANY LLP, VANCOUVER, BC, CANADA 
 F-2 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-4 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 F-5 
 
 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 F-6 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F-8 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-9 

F- 1 

Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Directors of 

 Protokinetix,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Protokinetix, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations, requires additional working capital and has a net accumulated deficit all which raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Fair value of intangible assets 

As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements,
the Company held intangible assets of 436,270 relating to patent and patent application rights. 

We identified the estimation of the fair value of
intangible assets as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate management s estimates and assumptions
used to determine the fair value of the intangible assets, including the economic useful life over which the patent rights are being amortized
and whether indicators of impairment were present. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We obtained management s impairment analysis of intangible assets and assessment of impairment
triggers. We assessed the consistency and reasonableness of the assumptions used by management in performing the impairment test and whether
there were any changes in the expected useful life as compared to prior years. We discussed with management the plans and intent for the
patents and patent applications. We reviewed the Company s ability to fund future activities, and reviewed any available budgets
for future periods. We confirmed title to ensure patent rights and patent application rights remain in good standing. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2008. 

/s/ DAVIDSON COMPANY LLP 

Vancouver, Canada Chartered Professional Accountants 

March 17, 2023 

F- 3 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 As of December 31, 2022 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and deposits (Note 3) 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets (Note 4) 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value; common shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding for 2022 and 2021 respectively (Note 7) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Basis of Presentation Going
Concern Uncertainties (Note 1) 

 Commitments and Contingency (Note
9) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 4 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

EXPENSES 

Amortization intangible assets (Note 4) 

General and administrative 

Professional fees (Note 8) 

Research and development 

Share-based compensation (Notes 5 and 8) 

Operating Income (Expenses) 

Net loss for the year 

Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 5 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Fair value of share-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to private placement offering 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to warrant exercise 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to cashless option exercise 

Extension of the terms of warrants 

Net loss for the year 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 6 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Fair value of share-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to private placement offering 

Net loss for the year 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 7 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization intangible assets 

Fair value of compensatory options granted 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplementary information non-cash transactions: 

There were no non-cash financing or investing activities. 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 8 

PROTOKINETIX, INC. 

 (A Development Stage Company) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

(25,000 Euros), as
well as additional patent applications for cash consideration of and share purchase warrants with a fair value of 
(Note 4). 

The Company's financial statements are prepared consistent
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applicable to a going concern. 

The Company has not developed a commercially viable
product, has not generated any significant revenue to date, and has incurred losses since inception, resulting in a net accumulated deficit
at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

. 

 The Company needs additional working capital
to continue its medical research or to be successful in any future business activities and continue to pay its liabilities. Therefore,
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining the additional working capital necessary to accomplish its
objective. Management is presently engaged in seeking additional working capital through equity financing or related party loans.
In addition, any significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, could negatively affect our
liquidity and ability to continue operations. The exact impact is and will remain unknown and is largely dependent upon future developments,
including but not limited to information on the duration and spread of COVID-19, changes in customer demand, additional mitigation strategies
proposed by governmental authorities (including federal, state, or local stay at home or similar orders), restrictions on the activities
of our domestic and international suppliers and shipment of goods. 

The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company fail in any of the above objectives
and is unable to operate for the coming year. 

stock options (December 31, 2021 and warrants (December 31, 2021 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for all periods presented because it was anti-dilutive due to the Company's
losses. 

Share-based compensation for non-employees in exchange
for goods and services used or consumed in an entity s own operations are also recorded at fair value on the measurement date and
accounted for in accordance with ASC 718. The measurement of share-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying
instruments vest. The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and the compensation charges
are amortized over the vesting period. 

Deposit on February 11, 2022 shareholder meeting 

Total Prepaid Expenses and Deposits 

Additions 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Accumulated amortization 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Amortization 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Amortization 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Net carrying amounts 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company
entered into an Assignment of Patents and Patent Application (effective January 1, 2015) (the Patent Assignment with the
Institut National des Sciences Appliquees de Rouen INSA for the assignment of certain patents and all rights associated
therewith (the Patents ). The Company and INSA had previously entered into a licensing agreement for the Patents in August
2004. The Patent Assignment transfers all of the Patents and rights associated therewith to the Company upon payment to INSA in the sum
of (25,000 Euros) (paid). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded (2021 - in amortization
expense associated with the Patents Rights. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company
entered into a Technology Transfer Agreement with Grant Young for the assignment of his 50 ownership of certain patents and all rights
associated therewith (the Patent Application Rights ). In exchange for the Patent Application Rights, the Company agreed
to pay (paid) and to issue warrants (issued) to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of
 0.10 per share for a period of five years. The Patent Application Rights had a total fair value of 35,000, which was allocated as 10,000
to the cash consideration paid, with the remaining 25,000 being allocated to the warrant component of the overall consideration. The
Company incurred an additional 449,220 in direct costs relating to the Patent Application Rights, of which were incurred during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The remaining 50 ownership of the Patent Application
Rights was acquired from the Governors of the University of Alberta in exchange for a future gross revenue royalty from any product developed
as a result of research done at the University. 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company
entered into a Universal Assignment with Grant Young for the assignment of his ownership of certain new and useful improvements in an
invention entitled Use of Anti-Aging Glycoprotein for Enhancing Survival of Neurosensory Precursor Cells (the New Patent
Application Rights ). In exchange for the New Patent Application Rights, the Company agreed to pay 1 (paid). The Company
incurred in direct costs relating to the New Patent Application Rights during the year ended December 31, 2016. 

The Company amortizes patents and licenses that have
been filed over their useful lives which range between to years. The costs of provisional patents and pending applications is
not amortized until the patent is filed and is reviewed each reporting period. 

options
granted and outstanding under the 2017 Plan. 

Stock option transactions are summarized as follows: 

Options cancelled 

Options exercised 

Options granted 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Number of Stock Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Life 

(Years) 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Options cancelled 

Options expired 

Options granted 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
granted the following stock options: 

On March 15, 2022, options for shares of common stock exercisable
at 0.06 per share, expiring March 14, 2030. These were cancelled On December 7, 2022 and reissued exercisable at , expiring . 

On December 7, 2022 , options for shares of common stock exercisable
between and per share, with various expiration dates were cancelled and reissued exercisable at expiring . 

Total share-based compensation for the 
stock options granted (2021 - and vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 - ). The fair
values of the stock options granted were estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, based on the following weighted average
assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 

Expected forfeiture rate 

Expected life 
 years 
 years 

The
weighted-average fair value of the stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (December 31, 2021 - 

The following non-qualified stock options were outstanding
and exercisable at December 31, 2022: 

November 27, 2026 

December 6, 2028 

As at December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value
of the Company's stock options is Nil . 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Warrants cancelled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

The following warrants were outstanding
and exercisable as at December 31, 2022: 

In March,
2022 t he Company issued 
warrants as part of private placement transactions. On April 4, 2022 and May 12, 2022 the Company issued 
and 
warrants, respectively, as part of private placement transactions. On December 13, 2022, the Company cancelled 
warrants issued July 15, 2019 with an exercise price of 
in consideration for patent assignments, and expiring . The Company reissued the 
warrants with an exercise price of 
and expiring . 

Total share-based compensation for the reissued warrants
during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 115,537. 

The fair values of the reissued warrants were estimated
using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, based on the following weighted average assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 

Expected forfeiture rate 

Expected life 
 years 

The
weighted-average fair value of the warrants granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (December 31, 2021 - nil) 

(December
31, 2021 shares of par value common stock. Each holder of common stock has the right to one vote
but does not have cumulative voting rights. Shares of common stock are not subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions, nor do
they have any preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends whenever funds
are legally available and when declared by the board of directors, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding
having priority rights as to dividends. dividends have been declared or paid as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - Nil). 

During the year ended December 2022, the Company: 

a) 
 Issued shares of common stock (5,450,000 shares issued at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

b) 
 Issued shares of common stock (3,100,000 shares issued at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

c) 
 Issued shares of common stock (7,500,000 shares issued at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

d) 
 Issued shares of common stock (2,136,666 shares issued at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

e) 
 Issued units (each unit consisting of 1 share of common stock and 1 warrant to purchase 1 share of common stock at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

During the year ended December 2021, the Company: 

a) 
 Issued 
 units (each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at 
 per share) as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

b) 
 Issued shares of common stock at 0.12 as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

c) 
 Issued units (each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

d) 
 Issued shares of common stock from exercised warrants (2,214,286 shares issued at 0.07 and 1,000,000 shares issued at for total proceeds of . 

e) 
 Issued shares of common stock to the Company s CFO pursuant to a cashless exercise of stock options. 

f) 
 Issued shares of common stock at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

g 
 Issued shares of common stock at as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

h) 
 Extended exercise date for warrants to purchase shares of common stock issued August of 2021. 

i) 
 Extended exercise date for warrants to purchase shares of common stock, issued December of 2020. 

(2021 - 60,000) was paid or accrued to the Company's CFO. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company reimbursed a company controlled by the CFO a total of (2021 - in office rent. 

 b) On December 7, 2022, the Company cancelled
and concurrently replaced stock options previously issued to the Company s CEO and a Director of the Company from 2021
to 2022. The modifications incremental fair value of was recognized in the current period. The replacement options
granted have a term of years, exercisable at a price of per share, expiring on 

 c) On December 7, 2022, the Company cancelled
and concurrently replaced stock options previously issued to the Company s CFO of the Company from 2018 to 2022. The
modifications incremental fair value of was recognized in the current period. The replacement options granted have
a term of years, exercisable at a price of per share, expiring on 

 d) On March 15, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to the Company s CEO and stock options to a Director of the Company, respectively. The 
options granted have a term of years and are exercisable at a price of per share, expiring on . 

 e) On March 15, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to the Company s CFO. The options granted have a term of years and are exercisable at a price of 
per share, expiring on . 

 f) The Company recognized (2021 -) in share-based compensation during the year associated with stock options granted to key management personnel. 

 g) The Company recognized 
including modifications (2021 - in share-based compensation during the year associated with stock options granted to key management personnel. The total incremental
fair value of stock options including modifications is . 

 As at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there were nil balances owing to related parties. 

per month for providing research and development
services. 

 b) Entered into a consulting agreement effective
April 1, 2019, whereby the Company would pay the consultant per month minimum plus travel expenses for a term of year for providing
research consulting services. Agreement renews annually unless otherwise terminated by either party with at least 30 days notice. 

 Contingency 

The Company was delinquent in filing certain
income tax returns with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and reports disclosing its interest in foreign bank accounts on form TDF 90-22.1,
 Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts FBARs ). In September 2015, the Company filed the delinquent income
tax returns and has sought waivers of any penalties under the IRS Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program for late filing of the returns
and FBARs. Under the program, the IRS has indicated that it will not impose a penalty for the failure to file delinquent income
tax returns if there are no under reported tax liabilities. On November 30, 2017, the Company received a letter from the IRS concluding
their review of the Company's tax returns under the program and accepting the returns as filed. No penalties have been assessed
by the IRS to date, and management does not believe that the Company will incur any penalties relating to the tax years submitted under
the program. 

Expected income tax recovery 

Non-deductible expenses 

Adjustment to prior years provision versus statutory tax returns 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax expense (recovery) 

Valuation allowance 

The Company has net operation
loss carryforwards of approximately (December 31, 2021 - to reduce future taxable income. The valuation
allowance has not changed during the year ended December 31,2022. Tax losses expire in years starting from 2023. 

The deferred tax asset associated
with the tax loss carry forward is approximately (December 31, 2021 - ). The Company has provided a full valuation
allowance against the deferred tax asset since it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. 

shares of common stock shares issued at to the CEO of the Company, as part of a private placement for total proceeds of . 

F- 22 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4x4.htm
 CONSULTANT WARRANT

Exhibit 4.4 

WARRANT AGREEMENT 

Neither
THE WARRANT, NOR THE SHARES UNDERLYING THE WARRANT, GRANTED HEREUNDER TO WHICH THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT RELATES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE securities act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND, UNLESS SO REGISTERED, NONE
MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED HEREIN) EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933 ACT, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT AND IN EACH CASE ONLY IN
ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

 ________________________ 

 The Holder 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

1. Issuance;
Certain Definitions . In consideration of good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by PROTOKINETIX,
INCORPORATED , a Nevada corporation (the Company ), the Holder named above or registered and permitted assigns (collectively
the Holder is hereby granted the right to purchase at any time until 5:00 P.M., Mountain time, on December 12, 2028 (the
 Expiration Date ), six million (6,000,000) fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.0000053
par value per share (the Common Stock ), at an initial exercise price of 0.028 per share (the Exercise Price ),
subject to further adjustment as set forth herein. 

2. Exercise
of Warrants . This Warrant is exercisable in whole or in part at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. Such
exercise shall be effectuated by submitting to the Company (either by delivery to the Company or by facsimile transmission as provided
in Section 8 hereof) a completed and duly executed Notice of Exercise (substantially in the form attached to this Warrant) as provided
in this paragraph. The date such Notice of Exercise is faxed or delivered to the Company shall be the Exercise Date, provided
that the Holder of this Warrant tenders this Warrant to the Company within five business days thereafter. If the Holder elects to exercise
only a portion of his Warrant, the Company shall issue to the Holder a new Warrant representing the remaining unexercised Warrants. 

(a) The
Notice of Exercise shall be executed by the Holder of this Warrant and shall indicate the number of shares then being purchased pursuant
to such exercise. Upon surrender of this Warrant, together with appropriate payment of the Exercise Price for the shares of Common Stock
purchased, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate or certificates for the shares of Common Stock so purchased within ten
days. 

(b) The
Holder has the option of paying the Exercise Price per share of Common Stock for the shares then being exercised either in cash or by
certified or official bank check. 

3. Reservation
of Shares . The Company hereby agrees that at all times during the term of this Warrant there shall be reserved for issuance upon exercise
of this Warrant such number of shares of its Common Stock as shall be required for issuance upon exercise of this Warrant (the Warrant
Shares ). 

4. Mutilation
or Loss of Warrant . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this
Warrant, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) receipt of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and (in the case of mutilation)
upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date and any such
lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant shall thereupon become void. 

1 

5. Rights
of the Holder . The Holder shall not, by virtue hereof, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder in the Company, either at law or
equity. The rights of the Holder are limited to those expressed in this Warrant and are not enforceable against the Company except to
the extent set forth herein. 

6. Protection
Against Dilution and Other Adjustments . 

(a) Adjustment
Mechanism . If an adjustment of the Exercise Price is required pursuant to Section 6(b), the Holder shall be entitled to purchase such
number of additional shares of Common Stock as will cause (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder is entitled to
purchase pursuant to this Warrant, multiplied by (ii) the adjusted Exercise Price per share, to equal (iii) the dollar amount of the total
number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder is entitled to purchase before adjustment multiplied by the total Exercise Price before
adjustment. 

(b) Capital
Adjustments . In case of any stock split or reverse stock split, stock dividend, extraordinary dividend of cash or other assets, reclassification
of the Common Stock, recapitalization, merger or consolidation, sale of assets or like capital adjustment affecting the Common Stock of
the Company, the provisions of this Section 6 shall be applied as if such capital adjustment event had occurred immediately prior to the
date of this Warrant and the original Exercise Price had been fairly allocated to the stock resulting from such capital adjustment. A
rights offering to stockholders shall be deemed a stock dividend to the extent of the bargain purchase element of the rights. 

(c) No Adjustment for
Spin Off, Merger, or Other Events . If, for any reason, prior to the exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company spins off or otherwise
divests itself of substantially all of its business or operations or disposes of all or of a part of its assets in a transaction, merges
with another entity the result of which the Company has been acquired by such other entity (not including a merger simply for the purpose
of reincorporation), or engages in another transaction, the result of which the Common Stock is no longer registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the holder of this Warrant will be entitled to no other consideration upon the completion of such transaction; provided
that the Warrant will for all purposes will be assumed by the surviving entity of such transaction and will remain outstanding and an
obligation of such surviving entity. In the event of such a transaction, the Company shall give the Holder not less than 30 days 
notice of the Company s intention to complete such transaction, and the Holder may elect whether to exercise this Warrant during
that period. 

7. Representations
and Warranties of the Holder . 

(a) Holder
has received and reviewed such information about the Company s business and proposed business, assets, financial condition, management,
risks relating to the Company and the business and proposed business in which the Company conducts its operations, and such other information
regarding the acquisition of the Warrant as Holder has (in consultation with such advisors as Holder has deemed appropriate) determined
to be necessary or appropriate in the circumstances; and further acknowledges that Holder or its representatives have been afforded the
opportunity to ask such questions as Holder or its representatives have deemed necessary. 

(b) Holder
acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to consult with its legal, financial, accounting, tax, and investment advisers regarding
Holder s personal circumstances and the advisability of Holder s proposed receipt of the Warrant to the extent that Holder
has determined such consultation to be appropriate. 

(c) Holder
has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of the prospective investment in the Warrant and the shares underlying the Warrant, having been represented by advisors to the extent
it deemed appropriate, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(d) Holder
acknowledges that the Warrant nor any of the shares underlying the Warrant have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act ), or under any state securities or blue sky laws of any state of the United States, and are
being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the 1933 Act and, if Holder is not a U.S.
Person, the Company will rely on Rule 903 of Regulation S as an exemption from registration under the 1933 Act for the issuance of the
Warrant and the shares underlying the Warrant. 

2 

(e) If
the Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder is outside the United States when receiving and executing this Warrant Agreement and Holder is
resident in the jurisdiction set out beneath the Holder s signature to this Warrant Agreement. 

(f) Holder
has not acquired the Warrant as a result of, and will not itself engage in, any directed selling efforts (as defined in
Regulation S under the 1933 Act) in the United States in respect of the Warrant or any shares underlying the Warrant which would include
any activities undertaken for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the
United States for the resale of any of the Warrant or the shares underlying the Warrant. 

(g) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder acknowledges and agrees that the Warrant and the shares underlying the Warrant may not be offered
or sold to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than a distributor) prior to the end of the expiration
of a period of one year after the Date of Grant. 

(h) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder is not acquiring the Warrant for the account or benefit of, directly or indirectly, any U.S. Person. 

(i) Holder
is acquiring the Warrant as principal for its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution
or fractionalization thereof, in whole or in part, and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in such Warrant. 

(j) Holder
agrees to resell the shares underlying the Warrant only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under
the 1933 Act, pursuant to an available exemption from registration, in accordance with applicable state or provincial securities laws,
in accordance with securities laws of the International Jurisdiction (as defined below), and the Company has received an opinion of legal
counsel or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that an exemption is available for such sale. 

(k) Holder
agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the 1933 Act. 

(l) The
Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Warrant or any shares underlying the Warrant not made in accordance with the provisions
of Regulation S, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. 

(m) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder acknowledges that the statutory and regulatory basis for the exemption claimed for the grant of the
Warrant, although in technical compliance with Regulation S, would not be available if the offering is part of a plan or scheme to evade
the registration provisions of the 1933 Act. 

(n) Neither
the Warrant nor the shares underlying the Warrant are listed on any stock exchange and no representation has been made to the Holder that
that the Warrant nor the shares underlying the Warrant will become listed on any stock exchange. 

(o) Holder
is knowledgeable of, or has been independently advised as to, the applicable securities laws of the securities regulators having application
in the jurisdiction in which Holder is resident (the International Jurisdiction which would apply to the acquisition of
the Warrant. 

(p) Holder
is receiving the Warrant pursuant to exemptions from prospectus or equivalent requirements under applicable securities laws or, if such
is not applicable, Holder is permitted to receive the Shares under the applicable securities laws of the securities regulators in the
International Jurisdiction without the need to rely on any exemptions. 

3 

(q) Holder
is not aware of any advertisement of the Warrant or any of the shares underlying the Warrant and is not acquiring the Warrant as a result
of any form of general solicitation or general advertising including advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published
in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over radio or television, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been
invited by general solicitation or general advertising. 

8. Restricted
Securities. 

(a) The
Holder understands that neither the Warrant nor the shares of Common Stock subject thereto and issuable upon the exercise thereof are
registered under the 1933 Act, as amended, and the Company has not made any undertaking to register either the Warrant or the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof under the 1933 Act except as hereinafter expressly provided. The Holder represents that the
Warrant is being acquired by it and that, if at the time of Warrant exercise there is no effective registration statement, the Warrant
may only be exercised to the extent an exemption from registration under federal and applicable state law exists for such exercise, and
in such event the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrant will be acquired by it for investment purposes and all certificates for
the shares issued upon exercise of the Warrant will bear the following legends: 

NONE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SEcurities act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), OR
ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 of the 1933 ACt, AND, UNLESS SO REGISTERED,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN THE UNITED STATES (AS DEFINED HEREIN) OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933 ACT, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT, the availability of which is to be established by an opinion
of legal counsel or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that an exemption is available for such sale AND IN EACH CASE
ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE
BEEN OFFERED IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED HEREIN) PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933
ACT . 

 (b) If
there is no registration statement effective with respect to the shares underlying this Warrant at the time the Holder elects to exercise
this Warrant, the Holder acknowledges and agrees that it will not be permitted to exercise this Warrant unless the Holder executes a subscription
agreement satisfactory to the Company including the following representations and warranties, all of the representation and warranties
set forth in Section 9 of this Warrant Agreement, together with such other representations and warranties to establish facts as the Company
may deem necessary or appropriate at the time to comply with applicable securities laws: 

(i) 
 An investment in the Company constitutes a high degree of risk, and there can be no assurance that
the Holder will receive any portion of its investment returned to it at any time. By executing this understanding, the Holder acknowledges
that it understands the risks involved and it is willing and able to withstand the possible complete loss of the Holder s investment; 

(ii) 
 The Holder understands that the future conduct of the Company s business is dependent upon
a number of factors and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to conduct its operations as contemplated in this Warrant
Agreement or in any other information given to the Holder; 

4 

(iii) 
 The Holder acknowledges that it has received and reviewed such information regarding the Company,
its management, its assets, financial condition, and operations, as the Holder has deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of
considering the exercise of this Warrant. Specifically, and without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Holder acknowledges
that it has reviewed the Company s most recent annual report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the reports
filed subsequently. The Holder further represents that it has reviewed this information regarding the Company, the subscription agreement
including these representations and warranties, and other information relating to the Company, its management, its financial statements,
its assets and operations as the Holder has deemed necessary with its legal, investment, tax, and financial advisors to the extent the
Holder has deemed such consultation appropriate. The Holder has also consulted with such advisors with regard to the advisability of this
transaction to the extent the Holder has deemed such consultation to be appropriate. The Holder acknowledges that the Company has advised
it that it recommends that the Holder obtain such advice and consultation. 

(iv) 
 The Holder is acquiring the securities upon exercise of the Warrant for its own account and not on
behalf of any other person or entity. The securities are being acquired for investment purposes and not for resale or distribution; the
Holder understands that there are severe limitations on its ability to resell the securities issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, and
that these limitations are established in part in federal and applicable state laws regulating the offer and sale of securities. The Holder
understands that neither the Company nor any other person has any obligation to redeem or repurchase the shares at any time. The Holder s
present financial condition is such that it is unlikely that it would be necessary for the Holder to dispose of the securities which underlie
the Warrant in the foreseeable future. 

(v) 
 The Holder represents that no part of the funds that the Holder used to exercise the Warrant will
have been directly or indirectly derived from, or related to, any activity that may contravene federal, state, or international laws and
regulations, including anti-money laundering laws and regulation including the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA Patriot Act) and regulations of the U.S. Department of the Treasury s
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The Holder represents that it and its affiliates are not acting directly or indirectly for or
on behalf of any person, group, entity, or nation named by any Executive Order of the U.S. as a terrorist, Specially Designated National
and Blocked Person (SDN) or other banned or blocked person, entity, nation, or transaction pursuant to any law, order, rule, or regulation
that is enforced or administered by OFAC. The Holder further represents that it and its affiliates also are not engaged in this transaction,
directly or indirectly on behalf of, or instigating or facilitating this transaction, directly or indirectly on behalf of any SDN. 

9. Exercise
and Transfer to Comply with the Securities Act of 1933; Registration Rights . This Warrant has not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, (the 1933 Act and has been issued to the Holder for investment and not with a view to the distribution
of either the Warrant or the Warrant Shares. This Warrant may not be exercised, and neither this Warrant nor any of the Warrant Shares
or any other security issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated in the absence
of an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act relating to such transaction or an opinion of counsel or other evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company that registration is not required under the 1933 Act. Each certificate for the Warrant, the Warrant Shares
and any other security issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall contain a legend on the face thereof, in form and substance
satisfactory to counsel for the Company, setting forth the restrictions on transfer contained in this Section 7. 

10. Notices .
Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, telegraphed,
telexed, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage pre-paid. Any such notice shall be deemed
given when so delivered personally, telegraphed, telexed or sent by facsimile transmission, or, if mailed, two days after the date of
deposit in the United States mails, as follows: 

5 

(i) if to
the Company, to: 

ProtoKinetix, Incorporated 

 412 Mulberry Street 

 Marietta, OH 45750 

 Attn: President 

 Telephone No.: (304) 299-5070 

(ii) if to the Holder, to the
address included in the Company s records. 

Any party may be given notice in accordance with this
Section 10 if any of the parties designates another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder. 

11. Supplements
and Amendments; Whole Agreement . This Warrant may be amended or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties
hereto. This Warrant contains the full understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and there
are no representations, warranties, agreements or understandings other than expressly contained herein and therein. 

12. Dispute
Resolution and Venue . 

 (a) 
 All disputes arising out of or relating to this Option Agreement and all actions to enforce this
Option Agreement shall be adjudicated in the state courts of West Virginia or the federal courts sitting in Clarksburg, West Virginia.
The parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding relating to any such dispute.
So far as is permitted under applicable law, this consent to personal jurisdiction shall be self-operative and no further instrument or
action, other than service of process or as permitted by law, shall be necessary in order to confer jurisdiction upon the undersigned
in any such court. 

 (b) 
 This Warrant is made under, shall be construed in accordance with, and shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of laws principles. 

 13. Counterparts .
This Warrant may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original,
and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

14. Descriptive
Headings . Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or
affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Warrant on December 13, 2022. 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

By: ____________________________ 

 Clarence E. Smith, President CEO 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF WARRANT 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by the Warrant Agreement dated as of December 13, 2022 to purchase _________________ shares of the Common Stock
of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated at an exercise price of _________ per share, and
tenders herewith payment in accordance with said Warrant Agreement. 

______ CASH: = (Exercise Price x Exercise
Shares) 

Payment is being made by: 

 _ enclosed
check 

 _ wire
transfer 

I understand that I may only exercise this Warrant
if there is a registration statement relating to the exercise of this Warrant that is effective under federal, applicable state law and
applicable non-U.S. law, or alternatively, if there is an exemption from registration available under federal, applicable state law, and
applicable non-U.S. law (which exemption must be established to the satisfaction of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated). 

I understand that ProtoKinetix, Incorporated may require
that I provide it information regarding my financial status, state of residence, and other information necessary to determine whether
the exercise is subject to an effective registration statement or to determine whether an applicable exemption is available. To the extent
required by the Company to establish an exemption from registration, I will provide the Company information as to my status as an accredited
investor and execute a subscription agreement in the form requested by the Company provided that form is reasonably consistent with industry
custom and practice. Alternatively, I understand that I may deliver a legal opinion regarding the availability of an exemption from such
registration, which legal opinion must be acceptable to ProtoKinetix, Incorporated in its reasonable discretion. 

I understand that ProtoKinetix, Incorporated will
issue the shares subject to this exercise in electronic form only and I will not receive a physical stock certificate. 

Signed:________________________ 

Date:__________________ 

Protokinetx, Incorporated 

 Subscription AGREEMENT 

THE SECURITIES BEING ACQUIRED BY THE UNDERSIGNED
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR ANY OTHER LAWS AND ARE OFFERED UNDER EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION
PROVISIONS OF SUCH LAWS. THESE SECURITIES CANNOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER CONTAINED IN THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. 

This Subscription Agreement is entered for the purpose
of the undersigned acquiring _____________ shares of the 0.0000053 par value common stock (the Securities of ProtoKinetix,
Incorporated, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), from the Company upon exercise of the warrant granted pursuant to the
Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement between the undersigned and the Company, dated December 13, 2022. All capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall be as defined in the Warrant Agreement. 

It is understood that no grant of warrants at a time
when no registration statement relating thereto is effective under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act can be completed until the undersigned executes this Subscription Agreement and delivers it to the Company, and that such grant or exercise
is effective only in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Subscription Agreement. 

In connection with the undersigned s acquisition
of the Securities, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

1. The
undersigned has been provided with, and has reviewed the Warrant Agreement, and such other information as the undersigned may have requested
of the Company regarding its business, operations, management, and financial condition (all of which is referred to herein as the Available
Information ). 

2. The
Company has given the undersigned the opportunity to ask questions of and to receive answers from persons acting on the Company s
behalf concerning the terms and conditions of this transaction and the opportunity to obtain any additional information regarding the
Company, its business and financial condition or to verify the accuracy of the Available Information which the Company possesses or can
acquire without unreasonable effort or expense. 

3. The
Securities are being acquired by the undersigned for the undersigned s own account and not on behalf of any other person or entity. 

4. The
undersigned understands that the Securities being acquired hereby have not been registered under the 1933 Act or any state or foreign
securities laws, and are, and unless registered will continue to be, restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the 1933
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and other statutes, and the undersigned consents to the placement of appropriate
restrictive legends on any certificates evidencing the Securities and any certificates issued in replacement or exchange therefor and
acknowledges that the Company will cause its stock transfer records to note such restrictions. 

5. All
representations made by the Holder in the Warrant Agreement are true, accurate, and in full force and effect as of the date set forth
below. 

6. By
the undersigned s execution below, it is acknowledged and understood that the Company is relying upon the accuracy and completeness
hereof in complying with certain obligations under applicable securities laws. 

7. This
Subscription Agreement binds and inures to the benefit of the representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the respective parties
hereto. 

8. The
undersigned acknowledges that the grant of any warrants and the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant thereto shall
be subject to the prior reasonable approval by the Company s counsel of all legal matters in connection therewith, including compliance
with the requirements of the 1933 Act and other applicable securities laws, the rules and regulations thereunder, and the requirements
of any national securities exchange(s) upon which the Common Stock then may be listed. 

9. The
undersigned acknowledges understands that the shares of Common Stock to be issued hereunder are being issued under an exemption from the
prospectus requirements in British Columbia and will be subject to a restrictive legend and certain restrictions on resale in accordance
with the requirements of Multilateral Instrument 51-105 Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets , as further described
in the Option Agreement. 

10. The Warrant Agreement is incorporated herein
by reference. In the event that any provision in this Subscription Agreement conflicts with ANY provision in the Warrant Agreement, the
provisions of the Warrant Agreement shall govern. 

Date: ______________, ______ 

______________________________ 

 Signature of Recipient 

Tax ID Number: __________________ 

Address: _______________________ 

______________________________ 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4x5.htm
 FORM OF WARRANT

Exhibit 4.5 

WARRANT AGREEMENT 

Neither
THE WARRANT, NOR THE SHARES UNDERLYING THE WARRANT, GRANTED HEREUNDER TO WHICH THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT RELATES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE securities act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act AND, UNLESS SO REGISTERED, NONE MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933 ACT, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
1933 ACT AND IN EACH CASE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

 NOTICE
IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THIS WARRANT WAS ISSUED BY THE COMPANY AS PART OF AN INVESTMENT UNIT CONSISTING OF THE WARRANT AND
SHARES OF THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK, THAT THE WARRANT IS NON-DETACHABLE FROM SUCH SHARES OF COMMON STOCK AND THEREFORE THE WARRANT
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT IN CONJUNCTION WITH A SIMULTANEOUS TRANSFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION
OF THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TO WHICH THE WARRANT IS ATTACHED. ANY OTHER TRANSFER SHALL BE DEEMED BY THE COMPANY TO BE NULL AND VOID. 

Warrant No. 2022-___ 

____________________ 
 The Holder 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

1. Issuance;
Certain Definitions . In consideration of good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by PROTOKINETIX,
INCORPORATED , a Nevada corporation (the Company ), the Holder named above or registered and permitted assigns (collectively
the Holder is hereby granted the right to purchase at any time until 5:00 P.M., Eastern time, on March 14, 2024 (the Expiration
Date ), up to ________________ (_____________) fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Common Stock, US 0.0000053
par value per share (the Common Stock ), at an exercise price of US 0.05 per share (the Exercise Price ), subject
to further adjustment as set forth herein. 

2. Exercise
of Warrants . This Warrant is exercisable in whole or in part at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. Such
exercise shall be effectuated by submitting to the Company (as provided in Section 10 hereof) a completed and duly executed Notice of
Exercise (substantially in the form attached to this Warrant) as provided in this paragraph. The date such Notice of Exercise is faxed
or delivered to the Company shall be the Exercise Date, provided that the Holder of this Warrant tenders this Warrant to
the Company within five business days thereafter. If the Holder elects to exercise only a portion of his Warrant, the Company shall issue
to the Holder a new Warrant representing the remaining unexercised Warrants. 

(a) The
Notice of Exercise shall be executed by the Holder of this Warrant and shall indicate the number of Warrant Shares then being purchased
pursuant to such exercise. Upon surrender of this Warrant, together with appropriate payment of the Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
purchased, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate or certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased within ten days. 

(b) The
Holder has the option of paying the Exercise Price per share of Common Stock for the Warrant Shares then being exercised either in cash
or by certified or official bank check. 

1 

(c) At
the option of the Company, the Company may require the Holder to exercise the Warrant, in full or partially, provided that the average
closing bid price of the Company s Common Stock as reported by OTC Markets shall have been equal to or greater than 0.25 (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) for a period of three (3) consecutive trading
days ending on the date preceding the date on which the Holder receives a notice from the Company in which it announces its intention
to require the exercise of the Warrants. Upon Holder receipt of said notice, the Holder shall have thirty (30) calendar days to submit
to the Company a completed Form of Subscription, together with a check or wire for full payment in accordance with the provisions of this
Warrant. If the Company does not receive payment within said time period, this Warrant shall expire immediately and the Holder shall have
no further rights hereunder. 

3. Reservation
of Shares . The Company hereby agrees that at all times during the term of this Warrant there shall be reserved for issuance upon exercise
of this Warrant such number of shares of its Common Stock as shall be required for issuance upon exercise of this Warrant (the Warrant
Shares ). 

4. Mutilation
or Loss of Warrant . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this
Warrant, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) receipt of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and (in the case of mutilation)
upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date and any such
lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant shall thereupon become void. 

5. Rights
of the Holder . The Holder shall not, by virtue hereof, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder in the Company, either at law or
equity. The rights of the Holder are limited to those expressed in this Warrant and are not enforceable against the Company except to
the extent set forth herein. 

6. Protection
Against Dilution and Other Adjustments . 

(a) Adjustment
Mechanism . If an adjustment of the Exercise Price is required pursuant to Section 6(b), the Holder shall be entitled to purchase such
number of additional shares of Common Stock as will cause (i) the total number of Warrant Shares that the Holder is entitled to purchase
pursuant to this Warrant, multiplied by (ii) the adjusted Exercise Price per share, to equal (iii) the dollar amount of the total number
of Warrant Shares that the Holder is entitled to purchase before adjustment multiplied by the total Exercise Price before adjustment. 

(b) Capital
Adjustments . In case of any stock split or reverse stock split, stock dividend, extraordinary dividend of cash or other assets, reclassification
of the Common Stock, recapitalization, merger or consolidation, sale of assets or like capital adjustment affecting the Common Stock of
the Company, the provisions of this Section 6 shall be applied as if such capital adjustment event had occurred immediately prior to the
date of this Warrant and the original Exercise Price had been fairly allocated to the stock resulting from such capital adjustment. A
rights offering to stockholders shall be deemed a stock dividend to the extent of the bargain purchase element of the rights. 

(c) No Adjustment for
Spin Off, Merger, or Other Events . If, for any reason, prior to the exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company spins off or otherwise
divests itself of substantially all of its business or operations or disposes of all or of a part of its assets in a transaction, merges
with another entity the result of which the Company has been acquired by such other entity (not including a merger simply for the purpose
of reincorporation), or engages in another transaction, the result of which the Common Stock is no longer registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the holder of this Warrant will be entitled to no other consideration upon the completion of such transaction; provided
that the Warrant will for all purposes will be assumed by the surviving entity of such transaction and will remain outstanding and an
obligation of such surviving entity. In the event of such a transaction, the Company shall give the Holder not less than 30 days 
notice of the Company s intention to complete such transaction, and the Holder may elect whether to exercise this Warrant during
that period. 

2 

7. Representations
and Warranties of the Holder . 

(a) Holder
has received and reviewed such information about the Company s business and proposed business, assets, financial condition, management,
risks relating to the Company and the business and proposed business in which the Company conducts its operations, and such other information
regarding the acquisition of the Warrant as Holder has (in consultation with such advisors as Holder has deemed appropriate) determined
to be necessary or appropriate in the circumstances; and further acknowledges that Holder or its representatives have been afforded the
opportunity to ask such questions as Holder or its representatives have deemed necessary. 

(b) Holder
acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to consult with its legal, financial, accounting, tax, and investment advisers regarding
Holder s personal circumstances and the advisability of Holder s proposed receipt of the Warrant to the extent that Holder
has determined such consultation to be appropriate. 

(c) Holder
has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of the prospective investment in the Warrant and the Warrant Shares, having been represented by advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment and, at the present
time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(d) Holder
acknowledges that neither the Warrant nor any of the Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act ), or under any state securities or blue sky laws of any state of the United States, and are
being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the 1933 Act and, if Holder is not a U.S.
Person, the Company will rely on Rule 903 of Regulation S as an exemption from registration under the 1933 Act for the issuance of the
Warrant and the Warrant Shares. 

(e) If
the Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder is outside the United States when receiving and executing this Warrant Agreement and Holder is
resident in the jurisdiction set out beneath the Holder s signature to this Warrant Agreement. 

(f) Holder
has not acquired the Warrant as a result of, and will not itself engage in, any directed selling efforts (as defined in
Regulation S under the 1933 Act) in the United States in respect of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares which would include any activities
undertaken for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the United States
for the resale of any of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares. 

(g) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder acknowledges and agrees that the Warrant and the Warrant Shares may not be offered or sold to a U.S.
Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than a distributor) prior to the end of the expiration of a period of one
year after the Date of Grant. 

(h) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder is not acquiring the Warrant for the account or benefit of, directly or indirectly, any U.S. Person. 

3 

(i) Holder
is acquiring the Warrant as principal for its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution
or fractionalization thereof, in whole or in part, and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in such Warrant. 

(j) Holder
agrees to resell the Warrant Shares only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the 1933 Act,
pursuant to an available exemption from registration, in accordance with applicable state or provincial securities laws, in accordance
with securities laws of the International Jurisdiction (as defined below), and the Company has received an opinion of legal counsel or
other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that an exemption is available for such sale. 

(k) Holder
agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the 1933 Act. 

(l) The
Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation
S, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction
not subject to, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. 

(m) If
Holder is not a U.S. Person, Holder acknowledges that the statutory and regulatory basis for the exemption claimed for the grant of the
Warrant, although in technical compliance with Regulation S, would not be available if the offering is part of a plan or scheme to evade
the registration provisions of the 1933 Act. 

(n) Neither
the Warrant nor the Warrant Shares are listed on any stock exchange and no representation has been made to the Holder that that the Warrant
or the shares underlying the Warrant will become listed on any stock exchange. 

(o) Holder
is knowledgeable of, or has been independently advised as to, the applicable securities laws of the securities regulators having application
in the jurisdiction in which Holder is resident (the International Jurisdiction which would apply to the acquisition, exercise
and disposition of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares. 

(p) Holder
is receiving the Warrant pursuant to exemptions from prospectus or equivalent requirements under applicable securities laws or, if such
is not applicable, Holder is permitted to receive the Warrant under the applicable securities laws of the securities regulators in the
International Jurisdiction without the need to rely on any exemptions. 

(q) Holder
is not aware of any advertisement of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares and is not acquiring the Warrant as a result of any form of general
solicitation or general advertising including advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine
or similar media or broadcast over radio or television, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by general solicitation
or general advertising. 

(r) The
Warrant is being granted under an exemption from the prospectus requirements in Canada and certain restrictions may apply to the resale
of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares in or from a jurisdiction of Canada. 

4 

8. Restricted
Securities. 

(a) The
Holder understands that neither the Warrant nor the Warrant Shares are registered under the 1933 Act, as amended, and the Company has
not made any undertaking to register either the Warrant or the Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act except as hereinafter expressly provided.
The Holder represents that the Warrant is being acquired by it and that, if at the time of Warrant exercise there is no effective registration
statement, the Warrant may only be exercised to the extent an exemption from registration under federal and applicable state law exists
for such exercise, and in such event the Warrant Shares will be acquired by it for investment purposes and all certificates for the shares
issued upon exercise of the Warrant will bear the following legends: 

NONE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SEcurities act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act AND
ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 of the 1933 ACt, AND, UNLESS SO REGISTERED, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD,
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933 ACT, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT, the availability
of which is to be established by an opinion of legal counsel or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that an exemption
is available for such sale AND IN EACH CASE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

[For
Canadian residents:] 

UNLESS PERMITTED
UNDER SECURITIES LEGISLATION, THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITY BEFORE [FOUR MONTHS PLUS ONE DAY] FROM THE CLOSING
DATE 

(b) If
there is no registration statement effective with respect to the Warrant Shares at the time the Holder elects to exercise this Warrant,
the Holder acknowledges and agrees that it will not be permitted to exercise this Warrant unless the Holder executes a subscription agreement
satisfactory to the Company including all of the representation and warranties set forth in this Warrant Agreement, together with such
other representations and warranties to establish facts as the Company may deem necessary or appropriate at the time to comply with applicable
securities laws: 

(i) 
 An investment in the Company constitutes a high degree of risk, and there can be no assurance that
the Holder will receive any portion of its investment returned to it at any time. By executing this understanding, the Holder acknowledges
that it understands the risks involved and it is willing and able to withstand the possible complete loss of the Holder s investment; 

(ii) 
 The Holder understands that the future conduct of the Company s business is dependent upon
a number of factors and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to conduct its operations as contemplated in this Warrant
Agreement or in any other information given to the Holder; 

(iii) 
 The Holder acknowledges that it has received and reviewed such information regarding the Company,
its management, its assets, financial condition, and operations, as the Holder has deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of
considering the exercise of this Warrant. Specifically, and without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Holder acknowledges
that it has reviewed the Company s most recent annual report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the reports
filed subsequently. The Holder further represents that it has reviewed this information regarding the Company, the subscription agreement
including these representations and warranties, and other information relating to the Company, its management, its financial statements,
its assets and operations as the Holder has deemed necessary with its legal, investment, tax, and financial advisors to the extent the
Holder has deemed such consultation appropriate. The Holder has also consulted with such advisors with regard to the advisability of this
transaction to the extent the Holder has deemed such consultation to be appropriate. The Holder acknowledges that the Company has advised
it that it recommends that the Holder obtain such advice and consultation. 

5 

(iv) 
 The Holder is acquiring the securities upon exercise of the Warrant for its own account and not on
behalf of any other person or entity. The securities are being acquired for investment purposes and not for resale or distribution; the
Holder understands that there are severe limitations on its ability to resell the Warrant Shares, and that these limitations are established
in part in federal and applicable state laws regulating the offer and sale of securities. The Holder understands that neither the Company
nor any other person has any obligation to redeem or repurchase the Warrant Shares at any time. The Holder s present financial condition
is such that it is unlikely that it would be necessary for the Holder to dispose of the Warrant Shares in the foreseeable future. 

(v) 
 The Holder represents that no part of the funds that the Holder used to exercise the Warrant will
have been directly or indirectly derived from, or related to, any activity that may contravene federal, state, or international laws and
regulations, including anti-money laundering laws and regulation including the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA Patriot Act) and regulations of the U.S. Department of the Treasury s
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The Holder represents that it and its affiliates are not acting directly or indirectly for or
on behalf of any person, group, entity, or nation named by any Executive Order of the U.S. as a terrorist, Specially Designated National
and Blocked Person (SDN) or other banned or blocked person, entity, nation, or transaction pursuant to any law, order, rule, or regulation
that is enforced or administered by OFAC. The Holder further represents that it and its affiliates also are not engaged in this transaction,
directly or indirectly on behalf of, or instigating or facilitating this transaction, directly or indirectly on behalf of any SDN. 

9. Exercise
and Transfer Restrictions 

(a) This
Warrant has not been registered under the 1933 Act and has been issued to the Holder for investment and not with a view to the distribution
of either the Warrant or the Warrant Shares. This Warrant may not be exercised, and neither this Warrant nor any of the Warrant Shares
or any other security issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated in the absence
of an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act relating to such transaction or an opinion of counsel or other evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company that registration is not required under the 1933 Act. Each certificate for the Warrant and the Warrant Shares
shall contain a legend on the face thereof, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Company, setting forth the restrictions
on transfer contained in this Section 9. 

(b) This
Warrant was issued as part of certain investment units consisting of the Warrants and shares of Common Stock. The Warrants
are non-detachable from the shares of Common Stock forming the other part of the investment units and may not be sold, transferred or
hypothecated except in conjunction a simultaneous transfer of the shares of Common Stock to which the Warrants are attached. 

6 

(c) Subject
to compliance with the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 9, each transfer of this Warrant and all rights hereunder, in
whole or in part, shall be registered on the books of the Company to be maintained for such purpose, upon surrender of this Warrant at
the Company s address set forth below, together with a written assignment of this Warrant duly executed by the holder or its agent
or attorney. Upon such surrender and delivery, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees and in the denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, if any. A Warrant, if properly assigned in compliance with the provisions hereof, may be
exercised by the new holder for the purchase of shares underlying the Warrant without having a new Warrant issued. Prior to due presentment
for registration of transfer thereof, the Company may deem and treat the registered holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof
(notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing thereon made by anyone other than a duly authorized officer of the Company) for
all purposes and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. All Warrants issued upon any assignment of Warrants shall be the
valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same rights, and entitled to the same benefits as the Warrants surrendered upon such
registration of transfer or exchange. 

10. Notices .
Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, telegraphed,
telexed, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage pre-paid. Any such notice shall be deemed
given when so delivered personally, telegraphed, telexed or sent by facsimile transmission, or, if mailed, two days after the date of
deposit in the United States mails, as follows: 

(i) if
to the Company, to: 

 ProtoKinetix, Incorporated 

 412 Mulberry Street 

 Marietta, OH 45750 

 Attn: CEO 

 Telephone No.: (304) 299-5070 

(ii) if to the Holder, to the
address included in the Company s records. 

Any party may be given notice in accordance with this
Section 10 if any of the parties designates another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder. 

11. Supplements
and Amendments; Whole Agreement . This Warrant may be amended or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties
hereto. This Warrant contains the full understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and there
are no representations, warranties, agreements or understandings other than expressly contained herein and therein. 

12. Dispute
Resolution and Venue . 

 (a) 
 All disputes arising out of or relating to this Warrant Agreement and all actions to enforce this
Warrant Agreement shall be adjudicated in the state courts of Colorado or the federal courts sitting in the City and County of Denver,
Colorado. The parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding relating to any such
dispute. So far as is permitted under applicable law, this consent to personal jurisdiction shall be self-operative and no further instrument
or action, other than service of process or as permitted by law, shall be necessary in order to confer jurisdiction upon the undersigned
in any such court. 

 (b) 
 This Warrant is made under, shall be construed in accordance with, and shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of laws principles. 

7 

13. Counterparts .
This Warrant may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original,
and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

14. Descriptive
Headings . Descriptive headings of the several sections of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or
affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Warrant effective as of _________ ___, 20__. 

PROTOKINETIX, INCORPORATED 

By: ____________________________ 

 Clarence E. Smith, President CEO 

 Accepted and agreed, 

[HOLDER NAME] 

_________________________ 

8 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF WARRANT 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by the Warrant Agreement dated as of ___________ ___, 20__ to purchase _________________ shares of the Common Stock
of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated at an exercise price of US _________ per share, and
tenders herewith payment in accordance with said Warrant Agreement. 

_ CASH: US = (Exercise Price x Warrant Shares) 

Payment is being made by: 

 _ enclosed
check 

 _ wire
transfer 

I understand that I may only exercise this Warrant
if there is a registration statement relating to the exercise of this Warrant that is effective under federal, applicable state law and
applicable non-U.S. law, or alternatively, if there is an exemption from registration available under federal, applicable state law, and
applicable non-U.S. law (which exemption must be established to the satisfaction of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated). 

I represent that all representations and warranties
made by me in the Subscription Agreement dated _____ ____, 20__ are true and correct as of the date of this notice. 

I understand that ProtoKinetix, Incorporated may require
that I provide it information regarding my financial status, state of residence, and other information necessary to determine whether
the exercise is subject to an effective registration statement or to determine whether an applicable exemption is available. To the extent
required by the Company to establish an exemption from registration, I will provide the Company information as to my status as an accredited
investor and execute a subscription agreement in the form requested by the Company provided that form is reasonably consistent with industry
custom and practice. Alternatively, I understand that I may deliver a legal opinion regarding the availability of an exemption from such
registration, which legal opinion must be acceptable to ProtoKinetix, Incorporated in its reasonable discretion. 

I understand that ProtoKinetix, Incorporated will
issue the shares subject to this exercise in electronic form only and I will not receive a physical stock certificate. 

Signed:________________________ 

Date:__________________ 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 ex4x6.htm
 FORM 4.6

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF OUR SECURITIES 

The following description summarizes important
terms of our capital stock and our other securities. For a complete description, you should refer to our Articles of Incorporation and
bylaws, forms of which are incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the annual report of which this is a part, as well as the relevant
portions of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ). 

Capital Stock 

The Company has one class of stock: common. The Company s
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per
share, and 902,670 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0000053 per share. 

In the discussion that follows, we have summarized
selected provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), and Nevada law relating
to our capital stock. This summary is not complete. This discussion is subject to the relevant provisions of Nevada law and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws. You should read the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation
and our Bylaws as currently in effect for provisions that may be important to you. Please also see Effect of Certain Provisions
of Our Bylaws below. 

Common Stock 

Each share of common stock has equal and identical
rights to every other share for purposes of dividends, liquidation preferences, voting rights and any other attributes of the Company s
common stock. No voting trusts or any other arrangement for preferential voting exist among any of the stockholders, and there are no
restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation, or Bylaws precluding issuance of further common stock or requiring any liquidation preferences,
voting rights or dividend priorities with respect to this class of stock. 

Effective February 16, 2022, the Company filed Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the increase in the number of authorized
shares of common stock from 400,000,000 shares to 500,000,000, as approved by the stockholders on February 11, 2022. The stockholders
also approved additional provisions to the Articles of Incorporation addressing officer and director liability, conflicting interest transactions,
and director and officer indemnification. 

All holders of shares of common stock are entitled
to participate ratably in dividends when and as declared by the Company s board of directors out of the funds legally available.
The Company has not paid any dividends on its shares of common stock since its inception and presently anticipates that no dividends on
such shares will be declared in the foreseeable future. In the event of any distribution of assets upon the dissolution and liquidation
of the Company, all holders of shares of common stock are entitled to the right to receive ratably and equally all of the assets of the
Company. 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights
or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Warrants 

Between March 18, 2022 and
May 11, 2022, the Company issued 7,300,000 warrants as part of a unit offering, consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant.
The warrants are immediately exercisable to purchase one common share at an exercise price of 0.05 expiring March 14, 2024. 

On December 13, 2022, the
Company cancelled 6,000,000 warrants issued July 15, 2019 with an exercise price of 0.26 in consideration for patent assignments, and
expiring July 14, 2024. The Company reissued the 6,000,000 warrants with an exercise price of 0.028 and expiring December 12, 2028. The
warrants are immediately exercisable. 

Outstanding Stock Options
and Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022,
there were options to acquire a total of 94,290,000 shares of common stock granted pursuant to our 2017 equity incentive plan at a weighted-average
exercise price of 0.03, all of which are currently issuable upon exercise, and there were warrants to acquire a total of 13,300,000 shares
of our common stock all of which are currently exercisable, at a weighted-average exercise price of 0.04. 

Effect of Certain Provisions of Our Bylaws 

Our Bylaws contain provisions that could have the
effect of delaying, deferring, or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions and certain provisions of
Nevada law, which are summarized below, could discourage takeovers, coercive or otherwise. 

Stockholder Meetings. Our Bylaws establish
an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before any meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations
of persons for election to our board of directors. At an annual or special meeting, stockholders may only consider proposals or nominations
(i) specified in the notice of meeting; (ii) brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board of directors or (iii) otherwise
properly brought before the meeting by any stockholder who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice and on the
record date of the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws. The Bylaws do not give our Board of Directors
the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special
or annual meeting of our stockholders. However, our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting
if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation
of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

Removal of Directors. Our Bylaws and Nevada
law provide that any director may be removed from the Board of Directors by the vote or written consent of stockholders representing not
less than two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote. 

Filling Vacancies in the Board. Our Bylaws
provide that newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board
of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall, unless otherwise
provided by law or resolution of the Board, be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum. The
directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class
to which they have been chosen expires. 

No Cumulative Voting . Our Articles of Incorporation
and our Bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

Nevada Anti-Takeover Statute 

In addition, the Nevada Revised Statues contain provisions
governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. Nevada s acquisition of controlling interest 
statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada
corporations. These control share laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest 
in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects
to restore such voting rights. These laws will apply to the Company as of a particular date if the Company were to have 200 or more stockholders
of record (at least 100 of whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on the Company s stock ledger at all times during the 90 days
immediately preceding that date) and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless the Company s
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. These
laws provide that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that,
but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than one-third,
(2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election
of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold
and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest
become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. These laws may have a chilling effect on certain
transactions if the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws are not amended to provide that these provisions do not apply to the Company or
to an acquisition of a controlling interest, or if the Company s disinterested stockholders do not confer voting rights in the control
shares. 

Nevada s combinations with interested
stockholders statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive) provide that specified types of business combinations 
between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder of the corporation are prohibited
for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s board of directors
approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or unless
the combination is approved by the board of directors and sixty percent of the corporation s voting power not beneficially owned
by the interested stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply
even after such two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is (1) the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (2)
an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
of 10 or more of the voting power of the then- outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term combination 
is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder . These
laws generally apply to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. However, a Nevada corporation may elect in its articles
of incorporation not to be governed by these particular laws, but if such election is not made in the corporation s original articles
of incorporation, the amendment (1) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing a majority of the outstanding
voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by interested stockholders or their affiliates and associates, and (2) is not effective
until 18 months after the vote approving the amendment and does not apply to any combination with a person who first became an interested
stockholder on or before the effective date of the amendment. The Company has not made such an election in its original articles of incorporation
or in its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

Further, NRS 78.139 also provides that directors may
resist a change or potential change in control of the corporation if the board of directors determines that the change or potential change
is opposed to or not in the best interest of the corporation upon consideration of any relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or
constituencies pursuant to NRS 78.138(4). 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Transfer Online, Inc. The transfer agent s address is: 512 SE Salmon St, Portland, Oregon 97214. Shares
of our common stock offered hereby will be issued in uncertificated form only, subject to limited circumstances. 

Market Listing 

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol PKTX . 

Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification
for Securities Act of 1933 Liabilities 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling
persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 I, Clarence E. Smith, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 17, 2022 
 
 /s/ Clarence E. Smith 

Name: 
 Clarence E. Smith 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

 I, Michael R. Guzzetta, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 17, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael R. Guzzetta 

Name: 
 Michael R. Guzzetta 

Title: 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the
Annual Report of ProtoKinetix, Incorporated, (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Clarence E. Smith, Chief Executive Officer and Principal
Executive Officer of the Company and Michael R. Guzzetta, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
the undersigned s knowledge and belief: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

March 17, 2023 
 
 /s/ Clarence E. Smith 

Name: 
 Clarence E. Smith 

Title: 
 
 Chairman of the Board and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 17, 2022 
 
 /s/ Michael R. Guzzetta 

Name: 
 Michael R. Guzzetta 

Title: 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pktx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pktx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pktx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pktx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

