<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_926326_0000926326-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15560167</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>425575</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2628572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5037274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3783699</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3425745</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000926326-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301085816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000926326-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMNICELL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000926326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				943166458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33043
		FILM NUMBER:		23689977

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2625 AUGUSTINE DRIVE, SUITE 301
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502516100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2625 AUGUSTINE DRIVE, SUITE 301
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL INC /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL COM /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000926326-23-000003.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 omcl-20221231.htm
 10-K

omcl-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of registrant s principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Table of Contents 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was billion (based upon the closing sales price of such stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date) which excludes an aggregate of 596,288 shares of the registrant s common stock held by officers, directors and affiliated stockholders. For purposes of determining whether a stockholder was an affiliate of the registrant at June 30, 2022, the registrant has assumed that a stockholder was an affiliate of the registrant at June 30, 2022 if such stockholder (i) beneficially owned 10 or more of the registrant s common stock and/or (ii) was affiliated with an executive officer or director of the registrant at June 30, 2022. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 60 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 60 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 60 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 61 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 61 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 61 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 63 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F- 1 
 OTHER Signatures 
 S-1 

3 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The forward-looking statements are contained throughout this Annual Report including in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding our future sales pipeline and bookings; 
 the extent and timing of future revenues, including the amounts of our current backlog; 
 the size or growth of our market or market share; 
 our beliefs about drivers of demand for our products, services, and solutions, opportunities in certain market categories, and continued expansion in these market categories, as well as our belief that our technology, services, and solutions within these market categories position us well to address the needs of retail, acute, post-acute, and specialty pharmacy providers; 
 continued investment in the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, our beliefs about the anticipated benefits of such investments, and our expectations regarding continued growth in current and future subscription and cloud-based offerings as we execute on this vision; 
 our goal of advancing our platform with the development of new products, services, or solutions or the enhancement of existing products, services, or solutions; 
 growth opportunities presented by new products, services, solutions, and markets; 
 our projected target revenues, operating costs, and cash flows; 
 our ability to align our intelligent infrastructure development and global workforce headcount with our current business expectations; 
 our goal to deliver on the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, as well as our plan to migrate our customers from an on-premise infrastructure to our cloud-based platform; 
 our belief that our solutions that support the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, are strongly aligned with trends in the healthcare market, and are well-positioned to address the evolving needs of healthcare institutions; 
 our expectation to continue to acquire companies, businesses, products, services, or technologies and to effectively integrate or manage these acquired companies, businesses, products, services, or technologies; 
 our ability to secure adequate supplies of raw materials and components utilized in the manufacture of our products of a quality that we require, on a timely basis, and at acceptable prices; 
 our containment of the impacts of the ransomware incident we experienced in May 2022, and any further impacts on the Company, including its business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition; 
 our expectations about the impact of epidemics, pandemics, or other major public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic (including new variants of the virus) and associated efforts to contain the spread of the pandemic on our workforce and operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers, and the anticipated continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated containment measures on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition; 
 our expected future uses of cash and the sufficiency of our sources of funding; and 
 our ability to generate cash from operations and our estimates regarding the sufficiency of our cash resources. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goals, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should, target, will, would, and variations of these terms and similar expressions. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include those described throughout this Annual Report, including in Part I - Section 1A. Risk Factors and Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties. You should carefully read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and have filed as exhibits, as well as other documents we file with, or furnish to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC from time to time, with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report represent our current estimates and assumptions and speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of changed circumstances, future events, even if new information becomes available in the future, or otherwise. 
 Other Information 
 All references in this Annual Report to Omnicell, our, us, we, or the Company collectively refer to Omnicell, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. The term Omnicell, Inc. refers only to Omnicell, Inc., excluding its subsidiaries. 
 We own various registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks used in our business, some of which appear in this Annual Report, including Omnicell . This Annual Report may also include the trademarks and service marks of other companies. Such trademarks and service marks are the marks of their respective owners. 
 Information posted on or accessible through websites referenced in this Annual Report is not incorporated by reference or otherwise included in this Annual Report, and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Omnicell, a leader in transforming the pharmacy care delivery model, is committed to solving the critical challenges inherent in medication management and elevating the role of clinicians within healthcare as an essential component of care delivery. Omnicell is focused on not only helping its customers optimize medication management in each setting of care, but also placing the patient at the center and helping its customers optimize medication management across all care settings from inpatient to outpatient. We are doing so with an industry-leading medication management intelligent infrastructure to equip and empower pharmacists and pharmacies with the ability to focus on clinical care rather than administrative tasks. This intelligent infrastructure provides the critical foundation for customers to realize the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, a vision defined by pharmacy leaders for improving operational efficiencies and ultimately targeting zero-error medication management. 
 Business Strategy 
 The U.S. spent a total of 577 billion on prescription drugs that accounted for 14 of National Health Expenditures in 2021, and prescription drugs impact the vast majority of patients in virtually all settings of care. We believe there are significant challenges facing the practice of pharmacy today including, but not limited to, labor shortages, medication errors, drug shortages, medication loss due to drug diversion, significant medication waste and expiration costs, a high level of manual processes, complexity around compliance requirements, high healthcare worker turnover rates affecting tenure and expertise, hospitalizations from adverse drug events in outpatient settings, high variability in outcomes, and limited inventory visibility. Each of these challenges can translate into a major economic impact for hospitals and health systems. We believe that these significant challenges to the practice of pharmacy drive demand for increased digitization, visibility, and insights that our solutions enable, and that our solutions therefore present large opportunities. 
 In an effort to address these challenges and deliver solutions to help drive positive medication management outcomes, we believe a combination of technology, expertise and intelligence is needed in each care setting and across the entire continuum of care. We are focused on delivering solutions to help drive these medication management outcomes with outstanding customer experience through a mature channel in four market categories: 
 Point of Care. As a market leader, we expect to continue expansion into this product market as customers increase use of our dispensing systems in more areas within their hospitals. Should labor shortages continue to challenge the delivery of healthcare services, we believe that deploying solutions and workflows that are intended to save nursing time is essential. We are more than halfway through the replacement, upgrade, and expansion cycle of older models of automated dispensing systems with our XT Series within our customer base, which we believe remains a significant market opportunity. We have been successful in market expansion through competitive conversions and we expect this success to continue. We also believe there is an opportunity for us to expand the offering and define a new standard for dispensing systems in perioperative settings. We believe our current solutions within the Point of Care market and new innovation and services will continue to help customers drive improved outcomes. 
 Central Pharmacy and IV Compounding. This market represents the beginning of the medication management process in acute care settings, and, we believe, it is a significant automation opportunity for high volumes of manual, repetitive, and error-prone processes that are often common in pharmacies today. Manual medication dispensing processes are usually labor intensive, error-prone, and may lead to excess medication waste and expirations for our healthcare partners. Automating the central pharmacy dispensing process should enable customers to reallocate pharmacy labor, enhance dispensing accuracy and patient safety, and reduce medication waste and expirations. Likewise, the manual compounding of sterile IV preparations can be error-prone and create significant patient safety risks, and outsourcing sterile IV compounding could lead to increased medication costs. As a result, we believe IV automation provides a significant opportunity to enhance patient safety and reduce costs. Because adoption of our Central Pharmacy and IV automation solution is still nascent, we believe that the implementation of new solutions (as well as upgrading older technology) will be accelerated by combining technology, expertise, and intelligence into a comprehensive offering that is designed to deliver improved outcomes. We anticipate that these bundled solutions will become more critical as health systems continue to face labor shortages, increased financial pressure, and supply chain disruptions. 
 Specialty Pharmacy and 340B Program. We believe that health systems will invest in more revenue-generating activities that are intended to improve patient outcomes by utilizing specialty pharmacies and the 340B Drug Pricing Program, which allow hospitals and health systems to stretch federal resources and expand patient access to healthcare by requiring manufacturers participating in Medicaid to sell outpatient drugs at discounted prices to healthcare 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 organizations. Specialty drugs are used for treatment of complex conditions and often require intensive patient management and specialized workflows for dispensing and care coordination. Specialty medications are projected to account for 60 of U.S. total spending on medications, with total spending projected to be approximately 420 billion in 2025. Specialty pharm acies serve as the connection between patients, prescribing physicians, and payers and work to streamline access and adherence to these specialty drugs. We believe a solution that addresses start-up and managed services for health systems that is designed to optimize their specialty pharmacy programs and the related pharmaceutical aspects of patient care will help ensure continuity of care and should contribute to the revenue and profitability of those organizations. We believe that a fully optimized specialty pharmacy operation represents one of the largest economic opportunities for hospitals and health systems. 
 Retail, Institutional, and Payer. We believe the Retail, Institutional, and Payer market represents a significant opportunity as healthcare evolves. A majority of all prescription drugs are distributed in the non-acute sector. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the shift of certain primary care from hospitals and physician offices to other, more convenient settings, such as retail pharmacies and the home (including through telehealth technologies). New technologies and updated state board regulations appear to be spurring innovation by retail pharmacies, which, combined with the move to value-based care, we believe will drive the adoption of solutions that are intended to help providers and payers engage patients in new ways that improve patient care, reduce the total cost of care, and lead to more profitable operations. Because of the complexity of relationships between payers and providers, as well as the large number of retail pharmacies, including a significant number of independent pharmacies, we believe a network of established relationships between payers, providers and pharmacies will also be important. 
 Products and Services 
 Our products and services span the evolving continuum of care, including across inpatient, outpatient, and retail settings. We provide a range of advanced automation, including robotics designed to automate work, streamline workflows, and reduce human error. Across these settings, we provide central pharmacy automation solutions for both medication dispensing and IV compounding, as well as medication and supply dispensing systems at the point of care. We also provide patient engagement solutions to help improve adherence to prescriptions. With certain automation and technology-enabled service offerings, we provide expert services designed to help optimize utilization through subscription agreements, inclusive of expert personnel to operate the equipment. Our offerings include: 
 Point of Care 
 Our point of care automation solutions are designed to improve clinician workflows in patient care areas of the healthcare system, such as nursing units, patient wards, operating rooms, and emergency departments. Automated dispensing systems are an essential part of medication management because they are designed to safeguard medications, including controlled substances, and provide automation to track inventory. We strive to continually innovate our automated dispensing systems by designing features that are intended to help our customers close gaps in safety and enable clinicians to spend less time managing medications and more time caring for patients. 
 Our XT Series automated dispensing systems for medications and supplies, which are used in nursing units and other clinical areas of the hospital, are designed to support workflows specific to each area of the hospital, with various software and hardware options. For the operating room, we also offer specialized automated dispensing systems. Our interoperability solutions enable integration of our automated dispensing systems with key electronic health record systems to streamline workflow and increase accuracy. 
 Central Pharmacy and IV Compounding 
 Our Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service offers a comprehensive service that is meant to help optimize medication dispensing, which combines advanced central pharmacy robotics, dispensing optimization tools, and remote and onsite experts to operate our equipment. Our Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service is designed to assist the customer in their goals of enhanced patient safety and dispensing accuracy, reduced medication waste and expirations, and optimized pharmacy labor and workflows. 
 Our IV Compounding Service offers a comprehensive service that is intended to help optimize IV robotic compounding operations, which combines advanced IV robotics, clinical data regarding extended dating, and remote and onsite experts to operate our IV robotic equipment. Our IV Compounding Service is designed to assist customers in their goals of enhanced patient safety, reduced medication expense from outsourcing facilities and operating room medication waste, and improved supply chain control. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Specialty Pharmacy and 340B 
 Our new Specialty Pharmacy Services offering includes a comprehensive set of technology, services, and expertise to provide a fully managed in-house specialty pharmacy delivered through a value-based commercial model. This solution is intended for health systems, federally qualified health centers, and provider groups to support on-site management of specialty pharmacy services, including payer contracting, staffing, assistance with licensing, 340B Drug Pricing Program administration, and to assist with obtaining preferred pricing for certain medications. This offering is designed to improve margin and profitability, while keeping the patient at the center of care and to maximize revenue opportunity and specialty script capture by filling prescriptions that are generated by the entity-owned hospital or health system. Our new Specialty Pharmacy Services offering is also intended to increase patient compliance and adherence, improve outcomes, optimize 340B Drug Pricing Program operations, and improve patient access to specialty medications. 
 Inventory Optimization 
 Our Inventory Optimization Service (formerly known as Omnicell One TM ), offers a comprehensive service that includes advanced software, robust benchmarking, predictive and prescriptive analytics, and clinical experts meant to help identify and execute on inventory optimization opportunities. Our Inventory Optimization Service is designed to provide greater medication inventory visibility as well as reduce medication waste and expirations, stockouts and shortages. 
 Patient Engagement 
 Our EnlivenHealth brand offers a portfolio of patient engagement and medication management tools designed to help improve health outcomes. EnlivenHealth patient engagement is a web-based nexus of solutions designed to comprehensively support improvement in health outcomes related to medication use. EnlivenHealth patient engagement includes clinical solutions such as CareScheduler, Medication Synchronization, Immunization and Scheduling, Targeted Patient Interventions, Medication Therapy Management, Opioid Mitigation Solution, and an omnichannel communications platform, which enables tailoring of patient contact to individual preferences. Additionally, mobile and web-based technology and patient engagement solutions strengthen the EnlivenHealth suite of industry-leading software-as-a-service SaaS based solutions. Combined with advanced analytics to stratify populations and prioritize patient interventions, we believe these solutions will support improved performance for both pharmacies and health plans, which should help them to improve their ability to provide value-based healthcare by driving health outcomes - better care, better health, and lower costs. Our EnlivenHealth brand also offers financial management, analytics, and population health solutions. As retail pharmacies continue to play an increasingly vital role in population health, the EnlivenHealth brand has added solutions to assist with vaccination programs, testing protocols, patient engagement, and Medicare health plan selection support for patients. 
 Medication Adherence 
 Our medication adherence solutions, which include our consumables and medication packaging systems, are used by retail, community, and outpatient pharmacies, as well as by institutional pharmacies serving long-term care and other sites outside the acute care hospital, and are designed to improve pharmacy operations and patient adherence to prescriptions. 
 Our single-dose automation solutions allow customers to fill and label a variety of patient-specific, single-dose medication blister packaging based on incoming prescriptions. Our fully automated and semi-automated filling equipment is designed specifically for institutional pharmacies with enough order volume to warrant automated packaging of medications. Our automated solutions interface with pharmacy information systems to obtain prescription information. 
 For multi-medication prescriptions, we offer software that guides users through the manual filling process to help streamline workflow with a goal of increased packaging accuracy. In addition, we also offer a wide range of medication blister card packaging and packaging supplies designed to enhance medication adherence in a variety of non-acute care settings. 
 Professional, Technical, and Customer Success Services 
 As the complexity of the introduction and implementation of new innovations increases for our health system customers, we also offer Professional Services, such as technology and service implementations, as well as change management services. We view our customers as partners in the pursuit of better health outcomes for patients and improved satisfaction for the clinicians who serve them. We find that every engagement is an opportunity for us to help our customers reach their clinical and business objectives while we work with our customers to accelerate the recognition of value for their initiatives. 
 Our technical services include customer education, training, and post-installation technical support with phone and web-based support through our U.S.-based technical support centers, on-site service, parts, and access to software upgrades. Product support is available through fixed-period service contracts and on a time-and-materials basis. On-site service is provided by our field service team. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 As customers adopt more Omnicell solutions, our Customer Success Services provides remote and onsite experts who assist with implementation and ongoing services to assist customers in optimizing the use of our solutions. 
 Retail Pharmacy and Hospital Automation Outside the United States 
 Additional products sold outside the United States include robotic dispensing systems used in hospitals and retail pharmacies for handling the stocking and retrieval of boxed medications. For management of medical supplies, a specialized cabinet that uses radio frequency identification is also available, which is designed to improve the accuracy of inventory management. 
 Advancing Our Solutions 
 With 30 years of experience delivering medication management solutions, Omnicell believes a combination of technology, expertise, and connected intelligence, which we refer to as Advanced Services, will optimize medication management outcomes. Advanced Services include services such as Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service, IV Compounding Service, EnlivenHealth solutions, Specialty Pharmacy Services, 340B solutions, Inventory Optimization Service, and other software solutions. Because thousands of facilities utilize our solutions, we believe we can provide actionable insights to help customers better understand their medication usage and improve pharmacy supply chain management. We offer specialized services and analytics software designed to help healthcare facilities improve their bottom line and patient care by harnessing data from automation and other systems. 
 Operating Segments 
 We manage our operations as a single segment for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. The CODM allocates resources and evaluates the performance of Omnicell at the consolidated level using information about our revenues, gross profit, income from operations, and other key financial data. All significant operating decisions are based upon an analysis of Omnicell as one operating segment, which is the same as our reporting segment. 
 Industry Background and Market 
 We believe our solutions support the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, are strongly aligned with trends in the healthcare market, and are well positioned to address the evolving needs of healthcare institutions. 
 The healthcare industry continues to experience a significant degree of consolidation, with healthcare providers combining to create larger healthcare delivery organizations. We believe this trend has increased the market s need for integrated medication management solutions on a single platform to help improve patient and financial outcomes for both inpatient and outpatient settings. Our portfolio of hardware, which we may refer to as connected devices; digital workflows; analytics; and experts, combined with innovation, is designed with this objective in mind. 
 In addition, healthcare providers and facilities are affected by significant economic pressures. Annual prescription drug expenditures in the United States were approximately 577 billion in 2021, according to the IQVIA National Sales Perspective database. Based on a 2020 report by the Health Care Cost Institute, the rise in prescription drug spending accounted for 49 of the total increase in annual spending per person from 2016 to 2020. In addition, the largest growth in spending for professional services defined as payments to physicians and other clinical care team members for services provided in physician offices and hospitals occurred among administered drugs, which accounted for the biggest share, at 76 of the total net cumulative increase in professional services spending from 2016 to 2020. Rising costs of labor, prescription drugs, and new medical technology all contribute to increased spending. Governmental pressures surrounding healthcare reform and compliance have led to increased scrutiny of the cost and efficiency with which healthcare providers deliver their services. These factors, combined with continuing consolidation in the healthcare industry, have increased the need for the efficient delivery of healthcare in order to control costs and elevated the strategic importance of medication management and pharmacy automation across the continuum of care. 
 Furthermore, while complexities in medication management have increased over time along with the volume of patients and medications, many manual processes are still used, resulting in inefficient tracking and delivery of medications and supplies and increased administrative burden on many clinical staff. According to a survey conducted by the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists in 2019, approximately 75 of pharmacist activities are non-clinical in nature. In addition, many existing healthcare information systems are unable to support the modernization of healthcare delivery processes or address mandated patient safety initiatives. These factors contribute to medical errors and unnecessary process costs across the healthcare sector including in medication management. 
 Legislation and industry guidelines, such as those issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA ), The Joint Commission, the U.S. Pharmacopeial Convention, the Institute for Safe 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Medication Practices, and state boards of pharmacy in the areas of medication management including storage, security, and labeling have created an environment of increased patient safety, awareness, and regulatory control. Against this backdrop, healthcare organizations, desiring to improve quality and avoid liability, are driven to prioritize investments in capital equipment, including pharmacy automation, which is a standard of care, to improve patient safety. While the overall storage and security of medications in hospitals have improved, there has been an increased focus on controlled substance management in recent years, particularly in light of the opioid crisis in the United States. According to a research report published by the Butler Center for Research in 2015, studies in the United States have shown that 10 to 15 of healthcare professionals misuse substances during their lifetime, with significantly higher levels of opioid abuse in particular. Joint Commission surveyors are seeking more documentation from hospitals demonstrating that their medication policies and procedures are adequate to prevent illicit use of controlled substances. 
 Medication non-adherence is widely recognized as a common and costly problem. Poor adherence results in increased hospital readmissions, deteriorated treatment outcomes, and avoidable healthcare costs. The estimated annual cost of prescription-drug related morbidity and mortality resulting from non-optimized medication therapy, including medication non-adherence, was 528 billion in 2016, according to a study published in the Annals of Pharmacotherapy in 2018. In addition, a 2017 study published in the Journal of the American Pharmacists Association found that medication issues are responsible for 26 of hospital readmissions. With approximately 74 million Americans taking five or more medications routinely (based on statistics published by the Center for Health Care Strategies and the U.S. Census Bureau in 2019), we believe pharmacists need ways to support the arduous task of maintaining patient compliance. Medication adherence can be improved through attitudinal and behavioral changes, which pharmacists can encourage and help facilitate by providing interventional support, including adherence tools such as blister cards, reminders, prescription synchronization, and patient engagement tools. We believe our EnlivenHealth portfolio has the potential to reduce hospitalizations and emergency department visits and improve patient health by increasing medication adherence. 
 According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, from February 2020 to September 2021 the healthcare industry lost 524,000 workers, although healthcare added an average of 47,000 jobs per month in 2022. Nevertheless, the 2022 American College of Healthcare Executives survey of hospital CEOs found that workforce challenges were their top concern, with 90 of survey respondents mentioning shortages of nurses and 83 citing shortages of technicians. As of the summer of 2022 there were more than 203,000 open registered nurse positions nationwide, more than twice the number just before the COVID-19 pandemic in January 2020, according to staffing firm Aya Healthcare. In addition, the shortage of pharmacy technicians, who are critical to clinical care in inpatient, outpatient and retail settings, is also acute. A nationwide survey conducted in May 2021 by the National Community Pharmacists Association found that nearly 90 of the survey s 278 independent pharmacy owner/manager respondents said they couldn t find pharmacy technicians to staff their pharmacies at an ideal capacity. In addition, a survey conducted by the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists found that vacancy rates for pharmacy technician positions averaged from 20 to 30 , and one in ten health systems surveyed reported pharmacy technician shortages of 41 or more in 2021. 
 Healthcare workforce labor constraints have come at a time when hospitalizations continue to fluctuate dramatically. In addition, even apart from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, patient volume is projected to rebound and exceed pre-pandemic levels. A 2021 McKinsey Co. survey of the leaders of 100 large private-sector hospitals in the United States which was conducted several months prior to the emergence of the COVID-19 Omicron variant concluded that on average hospitals inpatient admissions have returned to 2019 levels, and inpatient admissions were projected to increase by 4 in 2022 relative to 2019. 
 Omnicell s intelligent infrastructure incorporating technologies such as automation, robotics, and data intelligence is designed to automate many labor-intensive medication management tasks. We believe this will help healthcare providers optimize the use of existing pharmacy staff, which is expected to free up clinicians time for higher-value, patient-engaging activities, such as medication therapy management, immunizations, point-of-care testing, and disease state management. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our global operations are affected by complex state, federal, and international laws and regulations. These laws and regulations relate to healthcare (including medical devices and pharmaceuticals), privacy, data protection and information security, compliance, import and export, trade, healthcare fraud, waste and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), environmental standards, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, labor and employment, as well as other areas of focus. 
 We receive, store, and process personal information and other data from our customers, employees, and service providers. Our customers also use our solutions to obtain and store personal information, including personal health information, from their patients and customers. As a result, we are subject to various laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection, and information security. In the United States, these include federal health information privacy laws (such as the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996), various state and federal security breach notification laws, consumer 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 protection laws, and state laws addressing privacy and security. Internationally, various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have established, or are developing, their own data privacy and security legal frameworks with which we or our customers must comply including, for example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation. 
 The manufacture and sale of most of our current medication management solutions are not directly regulated by the FDA or the DEA, although they are used by other persons (our customers) whose pharmacy, dispensing, and compounding activities may be subject to regulation by those agencies and by state boards of pharmacy. However, we manufacture and develop specifications for products classified as Class I and Class II medical devices, which are subject to FDA regulation and require compliance with the FDA Quality System Regulation as well as medical device reporting, including a sterile disposable product that required FDA 510(k) review and clearance prior to marketing and distribution. Medical devices are also subject to various other regulatory requirements, including as applicable, premarket clearance or approval, clinical trial requirements, establishment registration and device listing, complaint handling, notification and repair, replace, refund, mandatory recalls, unique device identifier requirements, reports of removals and corrections, post-marketing surveillance, and device tracking. 
 We also provide services and solutions to independent and health system specialty pharmacies that may require us to observe U.S. Department of Health and Human Services regulations for credentialing of providers (pharmacists). These services and solutions may also be subject to DEA regulations concerning the management, storing, dispensing, and disposal of, and accounting for, controlled substances. 
 Similarly, certain provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA govern the approval, manufacture, handling, distribution, and tracking and tracing of pharmaceuticals. The FDCA also regulates which medications may be compounded, and how certain compounded medications may be manufactured, distributed, and dispensed. Companies engaged in distributing or dispensing compounded pharmaceuticals may be subject to a number of requirements enforced by the FDA or other regulators. These requirements may include compliance with United States Pharmacopoeia USP or National Formulary standards, certificates of analysis, facility registration, and compliance with current good manufacturing practice cGMP ). Furthermore, our customers may also be subject to other laws, rules, or regulations that apply to dispensers and licensing and other requirements under laws governing, and regulations promulgated by, state boards of pharmacy, that apply to compounding facilities. 
 In the United States, even though we do not bill Medicare, Medicaid, or other government or commercial third-party payers, our relationships with pharmacies, healthcare providers, physicians, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and third-party payers can subject us to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations that may impact our operations include but are not limited to: 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying any remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, arranging for, or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs like Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. A conviction for violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in criminal fines and/or imprisonment and requires mandatory exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Exclusion from the federal healthcare programs may also be imposed if the government determines that an entity has committed acts that are prohibited by the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute protecting certain common business arrangements and activities from prosecution or regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration to those who prescribe, purchase, or recommend pharmaceutical and biological products, may be subject to scrutiny if they do not fit squarely within an exception or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability. 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act FCA ), which prohibits, among other things: (i) knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment of government funds that are false or fraudulent; (ii) knowingly making, or using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim; (iii) knowingly making, using or causing to made or used a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay money to the government; or (iv) knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Private individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, can bring FCA qui tam actions, on behalf of the government and may share in amounts paid by the entity to the government in recovery or settlement. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. Moreover, entities can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 government payers if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. FCA liability is potentially significant in the healthcare industry because the statute provides for treble damages and significant mandatory penalties per false or fraudulent claim or statement for violations. Such per-claim penalties are currently set at 13,508 to 27,018 per false claim or statement for penalties assessed after January 30, 2023, with respect to violations occurring after November 2, 2015. Criminal penalties, including imprisonment and criminal fines, are also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which, among other things, prohibits knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, and prohibits (i) knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation and (ii) making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating the HIPAA fraud provisions without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. 
 The Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which authorizes the imposition of substantial civil monetary penalties against an entity that engages in activities including, among others (i) knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or that is otherwise false or fraudulent in any way; (ii) arranging for or contracting with an individual or entity that is excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs to provide items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare program; (iii) violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; or (iv) failing to report and return a known overpayment. 
 Analogous U.S. state and local laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers. 
 Federal laws, regulations, and guidance that govern communications and marketing to Medicare enrollees and establish limits on compensation paid for lead generation activities, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS Medicare Communications and Marketing Guidelines MCMG ). 
 The 340B Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers participating in Medicaid to sell covered outpatient drugs at discounted prices to specified health care organizations (called 340B covered entities), including, but not limited to: sole community hospitals, critical access hospitals, rural referral centers, and certain disproportionate share hospitals serving low-income and indigent patients. These 340B covered entities are responsible for certain statutory obligations, such as a prohibition on duplicate discounts and on diversion, and are required to have certain policies and records regarding their compliance with the 340B Program. 340B covered entities may be audited with respect to their 340B Program compliance. 
 The federal Stark Law Stark Law ), also known as the physician self-referral law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare patients to an entity (including pharmacies) for the furnishing of designated health services, if the physician or a member of the physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship with the entity, unless a specific exception applies. The law further prohibits the entity from billing for any services that arise out of such prohibited referrals. Certain of these provisions are applicable to the referral of Medicaid patients as well. Designated health services include outpatient prescription drug services. The prohibition applies regardless of the rationale for the financial relationship and the reason for ordering the service. Therefore, intent to commit an illegal act is not required in order for the government to prove that a physician has violated the Stark Law. Additionally, some states have enacted statutes and regulations similar to the Stark Law, but which may be applicable to the referral of patients regardless of their payer source and which may apply to different types of services. These state laws may contain statutory and regulatory exceptions that are different from those of the federal law and that may vary from state to state. 
 Furthermore, our operations are impacted by trade regulations in many countries that govern the import of raw materials and finished products, and we are also subject to laws and regulations that seek to prevent corruption and bribery in the marketplace (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act) as well as laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse, including state and federal anti-kickback and false claims laws in the United States. 
 Since we manufacture and sell our products outside of the United States, certain products of a local nature and variations of product lines must also meet other state and local regulatory requirements. Additional risks are inherent to conducting business outside the United States, including more robust information governance and environmental regulations in 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 the European Union, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental actions. Demand for many of our existing and new products is, and will continue to be, affected by the extent to which local regulatory requirements increase our risk and/or expense to do business in those countries. 
 Compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to our global operations is costly and requires sufficient resources to actively maintain various governance, risk, and compliance systems in several areas to enable us to keep abreast of the constantly evolving legal and regulatory landscape both in the United States and abroad. These areas include, without limitation, FDCA and FDA, Controlled Substances Act and DEA regulations, state board of pharmacy regulations, and laws and regulations regarding quality, information governance and security, and environmental, health and safety. We expect that there will continue to be federal and state laws and regulations, proposed and implemented, that could impact our operations and business. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in a range of fines, penalties, damages, individual imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and/or other sanctions. 
 Recent Acquisition s 
 In addition to our own organic development, we have, from time to time, acquired businesses and technologies that expand our product lines and are strategic fits for our business, and we expect to continue to seek to acquire businesses, technologies, or products in the future. The following highlights describe our acquisition activity over the past fiscal year. For more information, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading Acquisitions. 
 On January 10, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Hub and Spoke Innovations Limited Hub and Spoke Innovations ), which is expected to complement Omnicell s total solution technology portfolio for retail pharmacy in the United Kingdom to help pharmacies improve workflows, offer patients 24/7 access to their medications, and provide enhanced patient care. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 We sell our products and services primarily in the United States. Approximately 90 of our revenue was generated in this market for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our sales force is organized by geographic region in the United States and Canada, with account management executives dedicated to our customers in the top 300 U.S. health systems and health system executives focused on generating new business. Our sales are primarily made direct to end-user customers with the exception of some distribution of medication adherence consumables. Outside of the United States and Canada, we have direct sales employees in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the United Arab Emirates, Belgium, and Australia. For other geographies, we generally sell through distributors and resellers. Our foreign operations are discussed in Note 3, Revenues, and Note 7, Property and Equipment , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our combined direct, corporate, and international distribution sales teams consisted of approximately 570 staff members as of December 31, 2022. Nearly all of our direct sales team members have hospital capital equipment, services, or clinical systems experience. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 151 long-term, sole-source agreements with the top 300 U.S. health systems. The sales cycle for our automation systems, from the initial sales meeting to completion of installation, can take in excess of 12 to 24 months. This is due in part to the cost of our systems and the number of people within each healthcare facility involved in the purchasing decision and installation process. To initiate the selling process, the sales representative generally contacts the chief pharmacy officer, chief information officer, chief nursing officer, chief financial officer, director of pharmacy, director of nursing, director of information technology, director of materials management, or other decision makers, and actively engages with each group within the healthcare facility about the economic, safety, efficiency, and compliance benefits of our solutions relative to competing methods of managing medications or medical and surgical supplies. 
 We contract with Group Purchasing Organizations GPOs ), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals and other healthcare providers. Pursuant to the terms of GPO agreements, each member contracts directly with us and can purchase our product at pre-negotiated contract terms and pricing. These GPO contracts are typically for multiple years with options to renew or extend for up to two years and some of which can be terminated by either party at any time. Our current most significant GPO contracts include Vizient, Inc., Premier Inc., and HealthTrust Purchasing Group. We also have a Federal Supply Schedule Contract with the Department of Veterans Affairs (the GSA Contract ), allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, and other Federal government customers to purchase our products. Some of our contracts with these organizations are terminable at the convenience of either party. The accounts receivable balances are with individual members of the GPOs and Federal agencies that purchase under the GSA Contract, and therefore no significant concentration of credit risk exists. During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, sales to members of the ten 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 largest GPOs and Federal agencies that purchase under the GSA Contract accounted for approximately 68 of our total consolidated revenues. 
 We offer multi-year, non-cancelable lease payment terms to assist healthcare organizations in purchasing our systems by reducing their cash flow requirements in a capital lease structure. We sell a portion of our multi-year lease receivables to third-party leasing finance companies. 
 Our clinical and technical consulting team supports our sales force by working with our customers to identify potential solutions intended to help them achieve their desired outcome. Our Professional Services team assists customers with the technical implementation of our solutions, including configuring our systems to address the specific needs of each individual customer. After the solutions are implemented, our Customer Success team helps our customers adopt and optimize their solutions in an effort to achieve their desired clinical and business outcomes. 
 We offer telephone and web-based technical support through our U.S.-based technical support centers. Our support centers are staffed 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. We have found that a majority of our customers service issues can be addressed by our support engineers either by phone or with remote diagnostic tools. In addition, our customers can enable access to allow us to remotely monitor system performance of certain products. Where applicable, this suite of support tools is designed to proactively monitor certain system status and can alert service personnel to potential problems to preempt system failure. 
 In addition, our international team handles direct sales, installation, and service for healthcare facilities in the United Kingdom, France, and Germany, and for non-acute customers in Australia. Sales, installation, and service to healthcare facilities is handled through distribution partners in other parts of Europe, Asia, Australia, the Middle East, South Africa, and South America. Our products are available in a variety of languages including Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Japanese, Korean, French, Swedish, Dutch, Spanish, and German. 
 Manufacturing and Inventory 
 The manufacturing process for our automation products allows us to uniquely configure hardware and software to meet a wide variety of individual customer needs. The automation product manufacturing process consists primarily of the final assembly of components and testing of the completed product. Many of the sub-assemblies and components we use are provided by third-party contract manufacturers or other suppliers. A portion of these contract manufacturers and other suppliers are based in Asia. We and our partners test these sub-assemblies and perform inspections to assure the quality and reliability of our products. While many components of our systems are standardized and available through multiple sources, certain components or subsystems are fabricated by a sole supplier according to our specifications, schedules, and customer requirements, or are only available from limited sources. Our medication adherence product manufacturing process consists of fabrication and assembly of equipment and mechanized process manufacturing of consumables. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials that are necessary in the production of our consumable medication packages. 
 Our arrangements with contract manufacturers generally set forth quality, cost, and delivery requirements, as well as manufacturing process terms, such as continuity of supply, inventory management, capacity flexibility, quality and cost management, oversight of manufacturing, and conditions for the use of our intellectual property. 
 Our manufacturing organization procures components and schedules production based on the backlog of customer orders. Installation of equipment and software typically occurs anywhere between two weeks and twelve months after the initial order is received, depending upon the customer s particular needs. We utilize our backlog to manage our installation, procurement, and production activities to help improve inventory turns, reduce inventory scrap, and manage shipping costs. Shipment of consumables typically occurs between one and four weeks after an order is received. 
 Competition 
 The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete directly with a number of companies in the medication management automation solutions market, as well as the medication adherence solutions market, on the basis of many factors, including price, quality, customer outcome, cost of operation, innovation, product features and capabilities, installation and service, reputation and brand recognition, size of installed base, range of solutions, distribution, and promotion. We expect continued and increased competition from current and future competitors in the markets in which we operate, and are affected by evolving and new technologies, changes in industry standards (including standards of care), and dynamic customer requirements. 
 Furthermore, the healthcare industry has experienced a significant degree of consolidation. This consolidation may require us to adapt how we market, sell, or distribute our products. Similarly, healthcare providers have consolidated to create larger healthcare delivery organizations. As market demands, government regulations, and societal pressures continue to cause 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 the healthcare industry to evolve, it could result in further business consolidations and alliances among the industry participants with whom we engage and compete. 
 We believe our products and services compare favorably with the offerings of our competitors, particularly with respect to proprietary technological advancements, system performance, system reliability, installation, applications training, service response time, and service repair quality. 
 Intellectual Property and Proprietary Technology 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, contractual restrictions, and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We pursue patent protection in the United States and foreign jurisdictions for technology that we believe to be proprietary and that may offer a potential competitive advantage for our products. Our issued patents expire on various dates between 2023 and 2040. We intend to seek and obtain additional United States and foreign patents on our technology. 
 Our product software is generally subject to copyright protection under applicable United States and foreign copyright laws. We have also obtained United States and certain foreign registrations of various trademarks, and we intend to seek and obtain additional registrations of our trademarks in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. 
 Trade secrets and other confidential information are also important to our business. We protect our trade secrets through a combination of contractual restrictions and confidentiality and licensing agreements. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development efforts generally begin with customer collaboration. The insight that we gain through this collaboration helps us to develop solutions to address the unmet needs and challenges faced by our customers. We continue to make significant investments in the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, in particular, on our cloud-based platform and in the migration of our customers from an on-premise infrastructure to our cloud-based platform. We are also investing in the further development of technology-enabled software and services including further enhancements to our Advanced Services offerings, as well as continuing to build software that is designed to enable scaling of our current service offerings. In addition, our robotic automation capabilities continue to evolve, while we work to further enhance new-to-market solutions, as well as new solutions currently in development. We have also begun work on longer-term solutions that we believe will benefit our cloud platform offerings. We also continue to enhance the other elements of our product and service portfolio. The results of our research and development efforts will further drive the advancement of our cloud-based offerings and amplify the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy. 
 Business under Government Contracts 
 A number of our U.S. government-owned or government-run hospital customers have signed five-year leases, with payment terms that are subject to one-year government budget funding cycles. Failure of any of our U.S. government customers to receive their annual funding could impair our ability to sell to these customers, or to collect payments on our existing unsold leases. Effective September 2021, the U.S. government mandated changes in its Federal Supply Services contract that resulted in our determination not to enter into future leases with U.S. government customers. Our existing leases with U.S. government customers are unaffected by this change. As such, our volume of U.S. government customer leases has declined over time and will likely cease in the future. For additional information regarding these leases, see the risk factor captioned Our U.S. government lease agreements are subject to annual budget funding cycles and mandated changes, which may affect our ability to recognize revenues and sell receivables based on such leases , under Item 1A Risk Factors . 
 Financing Practices Relating to Working Capital 
 We assist healthcare facilities in financing their purchases of our systems by offering multi-year, non-cancelable lease payment terms. We typically sell the majority of the multi-year lease receivables (other than those associated with our Advanced Services, as described further below) to third-party leasing finance companies, although our ability to sell these receivables may be influenced by the perception of our customers ability to pay, or other restrictions, which may be influenced by factors outside of our control. 
 As part of our Advanced Services offering, we provide equipment at the inception of the contract period, which is accounted for as a multi-year sales-type lease. These agreements are generally multi-year and non-cancellable. We typically retain these lease receivables for such Advanced Services in-house and service them for the duration of the associated service term. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 For additional information regarding these financing activities, refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Backlog 
 Backlog is the dollar amount of bookings that have not yet been recognized as revenue. Bookings for those Advanced Services contracts without a minimum commitment are not included in backlog. A majority of our connected devices and software license products are installable and recognized as revenues within twelve months of booking, while service revenues from Advanced Services are recorded over the contractual term. Due to industry practice that allows customers to change order configurations with limited advance notice prior to shipment and as customer installation schedules may change, backlog as of any particular date may not necessarily indicate the timing of future revenue. However, we do believe that backlog is an indication of a customer s willingness to install our solutions and revenue we expect to generate over time. We consider backlog that is expected to be converted to revenues in more than twelve months to be long-term backlog. We believe a majority of long-term product backlog will be convertible into revenues in 12-24 months. Long-term Advanced Services backlog typically represents multi-year subscription agreements (usually with contractual terms of 2-7 years, some of which have not yet been implemented) that will be converted to revenue ratably over the contractual term. 
 The chart below further summarizes our backlog: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Total backlog 1,215,462 1,253,801 By type: Product backlog 796,967 976,734 Advanced Services backlog (1) 
 418,495 277,067 By duration and type: Short-term product backlog 503,303 744,303 Long-term product backlog 293,664 232,431 Short-term Advanced Services backlog (1) 
 49,567 36,925 Long-term Advanced Services backlog (1) 
 368,928 240,142 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes only the value of Advanced Services non-cancelable contracts with minimum commitments. 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG Initiatives 
 We view Omnicell as a purpose-driven company with a social mission: Our goal of fundamentally transforming the pharmacy care delivery model is designed to dramatically improve health outcomes and lower healthcare costs for everyone. Our teams are motivated by knowing that our work to improve medication management has a tangible, real-world impact on healthcare workers, patients, and communities. 
 We recognize that we are accountable not only to our customers and stockholders, but also to the global community. In April 2022, we published our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, which outlines our approach to corporate responsibility. This report describes and updates our contributions to how we plan on achieving a more sustainable future. We define corporate responsibility through four strategic pillars Environmental, Social, Governance, and Innovation. We are focused on innovating to drive sustainability across our business by adhering to internationally-recognized Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development guidance for the responsible sourcing of raw materials, and through elevating our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging DEIB initiatives, and creating a culture of inclusivity, engagement, and well-being. 
 Furthermore, there are evolving and increasing expectations from regulators, customers, investors, and employees with respect to reducing and limiting greenhouse gas emissions, without a consistent framework in which to operate globally. The enhanced stakeholder focus on matters relating to ESG activities requires deliberate, conscientious efforts to effect change while the reporting frameworks are still being considered, both in the United States and abroad. We are carefully studying ways we can contribute to realize a 1.5 Celsius future by 2030, reduce waste in our product design and manufacturing processes, as well as enhance our Social and Governance initiatives, taking cues from our internal and external stakeholders, internal assessments and direction from the Corporate Governance Committee of Omnicell s Board of Directors. As an organization, we have adopted a risk-management approach using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 COSO framework to assess and reduce the impact of climate change on our business strategy and operations. We continually work to innovate and improve our business practices in an effort to ensure the greatest positive impact as we strive to continue to do things in A Better Way. 
 More information on our ESG initiatives and a copy of our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report are available on our corporate website, www.omnicell.com, under the About Us Corporate Responsibility tab. We are not including the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, this website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4,230 employees worldwide (with approximately 3,660 located in either the United States or Canada), excluding individuals who are classified as temporary or contractors, which is an increase of approximately 430 employees since December 31, 2021. In November 2022, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce our global workforce across a majority of our functions affecting approximately 350 employees. The majority of employees impacted by this restructuring event were included in our headcount as of December 31, 2022 with termination dates in early 2023. 
 We regularly conduct employee engagement surveys, most recently via the Glint platform. Through continued investment in talent processes and acting on employee feedback, we have achieved an overall employee satisfaction score of 75, which is above the benchmark average score of similarly-sized global companies identified by Glint that use the Glint platform. We believe this reflects our positive employee relations and that Omnicell is viewed by our employees as a good place to work. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We embrace a strong pay-for-performance total rewards philosophy that we believe is competitive, performance-based, and cost-effective. We offer market-competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package. 
 Our quarterly bonus program is designed to incentivize our employees to focus on work that will further our strategic priorities. 
 We offer reward and recognition programs that embed our core values into our culture and everything we do, allowing for peer-to-peer recognition and motivating our employees to continually work to advance our mission, vision, and values. 
 Our ASPIRE quarterly performance review process launched on April 1, 2022 and enables our talent to reach their optimum levels of contribution to Omnicell s business strategies, facilitates regular employee feedback, and supports our pay-for-performance philosophy. 
 Health and Wellness 
 We offer a comprehensive wellness program designed to promote a healthy lifestyle, including exercise challenges, on-site gym facilities, virtual workouts, and health coaching. In addition to making physical health a priority, we offer mental health counseling and resources, financial coaching, and Teladoc Health services (i.e., telephone health services). 
 Employee Development 
 Our Organizational Development function plays a strategic role in helping us develop and retain talent through an array of developmental experiences for employees to enable them to reach their highest level of performance and potential at Omnicell. We strive to develop career growth opportunities while delivering consistent learning and development experiences across all roles, functions, and locations. Our engagement survey scores in employee growth opportunities and career path, both landing above industry benchmarks, as measured by the Glint survey platform, reflect our commitment to employee development. 
 We invest in our employees learning through robust training programs via Omnicell University and leadership development curriculums, including our Core Values in Action training series, Leadership in Action training series, New Manager Masterclass, and Change Leadership Enablement initiative. All employees also have access to LinkedIn Learning for their on-demand learning needs. We are refreshing our curriculums for 2023 with an emphasis on key capabilities needed for Omnicell s future success. 
 Our approach to talent development is designed to enable our organizational transformation by aligning how we lead across all levels. Most recently, we launched the New Manager Masterclass, prioritizing early managers and new managers in our revenue-generating organizations with the intention to scale across the organization in 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We have also launched a Change Leadership Enablement curriculum to better equip our leaders as they navigate high levels of organizational change. This includes live instructor-led workshops by level, toolkits, and self-guided resources to help leaders engage their employees and teams, practice resilience, and lead our organizations into the future. 
 We also launched our THRIVE Senior Leadership Talent Review and Succession Process, which facilitates dialogue to identify top and high potential talent, align aspirations, bolster our leadership pipeline through succession planning, and support readiness via individual development plans. 
 In order to further develop our leaders, we launched a consistent 360 feedback methodology for senior leaders in the organization and are launching a self-service option for other people leaders in early 2023. 
 We are in the process of implementing Oracle Talent Management, a cloud-based human resources management software program, which includes Talent Profiles to capture employees internal mobility interests and facilitates internal job searches. 
 Recruiting Retention 
 Our Talent Acquisition team has recently increased its focus on digital recruiting, social media outlets, and university partnerships to expand Omnicell s employer brand and reach the evolving talent pool to enhance our ability to hire the right talent to drive the organization forward. 
 We are in the process of implementing a new applicant tracking system and best-in-class talent experience platform to enhance recruiting efforts. The combination of the two are intended to increase recruiter efficiency, enable faster and better decisions, save time for value-added work, improve ease of job posting, and in turn, reduce cost per hire and increase quality of hire. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB) 
 At Omnicell, we continually strive to develop and maintain a positive, supportive, inclusive, and diverse work environment. This includes valuing our differences and the whole person not just the work-person. We are pleased to share that our September 2022 Employee Satisfaction Survey indicated that underrepresented employees, who chose to identify themselves, scored above the external benchmark with our highest scores being in our underrepresented racial/ethnic and female communities. This same trend appeared in our Inclusiveness score. 
 In 2022, we developed a long-term comprehensive DEIB future data strategy as part of our three year plan. We are in the process of evolving our self-identification attributes to include more nuanced racial/ethnic and gender identity options to enhance our ability to identify strengths and opportunities going forward in 2023. With a DEIB strategy anchored in data, we expect to be able to understand opportunities for improvement and to more accurately measure the efficacy of our human resources processes and diversity programs. 
 Our external-facing aspirational long-term DEIB strategy includes supporting vendor/supplier diversity as well as strategies aimed at ensuring our products and services are inclusive and accessible. We also believe we have a role in advocating for health equity and fair and equal access to medication and medication management support. 
 Lastly, we are launching our first two Employee Resource Groups ERGs in early 2023, with several more expected in late 2023 and beyond, empowering our employees to be advocates for marginalized communities, as well as thought leaders to help inform our DEIB vision and strategy. We believe this ERGs model creates sustained momentum and in tandem with our comprehensive and intentional DEIB strategy, conveys our commitment to employee DEIB engagement. 
 Available Information 
 We file reports and other information with, and furnish reports and other information to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and Proxy or Information Statements. Those reports and statements as well as all amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available: (1) at the SEC s Internet site (www.sec.gov) and (2) free of charge through our investor relations website, under the heading Financials, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing with, or furnishing to, the SEC. Our website address is www.omnicell.com and our investor relations website is located at ir.omnicell.com. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information about our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Name Age Position Randall A. Lipps 65 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors Peter J. Kuipers 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Corey J. Manley 45 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Christine M. Mellon 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative and People Officer Scott P. Seidelmann 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 Randall A. Lipps was named Chief Executive Officer and President of Omnicell in October 2002. Mr. Lipps has served as Chairman of the Board and a Director of Omnicell since founding Omnicell in September 1992. Mr. Lipps received both a B.S. in economics and a B.B.A. from Southern Methodist University. 
 Peter J. Kuipers joined Omnicell in August 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Omnicell, Mr. Kuipers served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Quantcast Corp., a global technology company that specializes in digital audience measurement and real-time advertising. From May 2013 to December 2014, Mr. Kuipers served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Weather Company, a media and global technology leader operating The Weather Channel, weather.com, wunderground.com and its professional services division WSI. From September 2009 to April 2013, Mr. Kuipers served in various financial management positions at Yahoo! Inc., a global internet technology company, most recently as Vice President, Finance for the Americas region. Prior to Yahoo! Inc., Mr. Kuipers held financial leadership roles at Altera Corporation, General Electric Company, and Akzo Nobel. He started his career with Ernst Young and worked in both the Netherlands and Seattle, Washington. Mr. Kuipers received a Master s Degree in Economics and Business Administration from Maastricht University and is a Chartered Accountant in the Netherlands. 
 Corey J. Manley joined Omnicell in April 2021 as Vice President and General Counsel. In May 2022, Mr. Manley was named Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Omnicell, he was Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer with BFS Capital, Inc., a global fintech company, from April 2018 to April 2021. From August 2014 until April 2018, Mr. Manley was a partner in the law firm of Duane Morris LLP and prior to that he was a partner in the law firm of Kirkland Ellis LLP from November 2009 until August 2014. Mr. Manley holds a J.D. from the University of Notre Dame Law School and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University. 
 Christine M. Mellon joined Omnicell in February 2021 as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative and People Officer. Prior to joining Omnicell she was Chief Human Resources Officer of CSG International, Inc., a software company, from July 2016 to January 2021. From June 2013 to June 2016, Ms. Mellon served as Vice President, Human Capital Management with Oracle Corporation, a leading global information technology company. Prior to Oracle Corporation, Ms. Mellon served in HR leadership roles for EchoStar Corporation, Aepona Limited, and Cigna Corporation. Ms. Mellon received a B.A. in Psychology from Villanova University. 
 Scott P. Seidelmann joined Omnicell in April 2018 as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Prior to joining Omnicell, from January 2015 to August 2017, Mr. Seidelmann served as founder and Chief Executive Officer of Candescent Health, Inc., a cloud-based radiology workflow and analytics provider. From 2005 to 2014, Mr. Seidelmann served as co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Radisphere, Inc., a national radiology practice, prior to its acquisition by Sheridan Healthcare. Earlier in his career, Mr. Seidelmann held positions with Merrill Lynch and Ericsson Venture Partners. Mr. Seidelmann received a B.A. from Cornell University. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 An investment in our company involves various risks. The following is a summary of these risks, but does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks that we face can be found following this summary and should be carefully considered together with all of the other information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors Related to our Business and Industry 
 Economic Conditions and Demand Risks. Weak or uncertain economic conditions may adversely impact our business, as well as any reduction in demand for or adoption or installation of Omnicell s medication management solutions, medication packaging systems, or related services. 
 Strategic Risks. Our investments in new business strategies or initiatives, including our transition to selling more products and services on a subscription basis, are inherently risky and may not be successful or we may be unable to maintain our Advanced Services customers. In addition, we may be unable to realize the potential benefits of our expense containment measures or our acquired businesses, including RxInnovation Inc., operating as FDS Amplicare FDS Amplicare ), ReCept Holdings, Inc., ReCept ), which was subsequently renamed Omnicell Specialty Pharmacy Services, Inc., MarkeTouch Media, LLC MarkeTouch Media ), and Hub and Spoke Innovations, and risks related to investments in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. 
 Market Risks. We are subject to continued and increased competition from current and future competitors in the medication management automation solutions market and the medication adherence solutions market, including price competition, industry and competitor consolidation, competitor brand recognition, and in relationships with our suppliers and current and potential customers . 
 Technology Risks. We may be unable to develop new solutions or enhance existing solutions to react to changes in technology and customer requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner or we may experience errors in the provision of our Advanced Services that could expose us to liability. 
 Institutional, Retail, and Specialty Pharmacy Risks. We may fail to meet the demands of, or maintain relationships with, our institutional and retail pharmacy customers and we may be unable to secure or maintain access to existing and future specialty drugs. 
 COVID-19 Risks . The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our workforce and operations, as well as those of our customers and suppliers. 
 Debt Risks. We have substantial debt, which could impair our financial flexibility and access to capital, and are subject to covenants in our A R Credit Agreement (as defined below) that restrict our business and operations. 
 Legal, Regulatory, and Healthcare Industry Risks. Government regulations, legislative changes, fraud and anti-kickback statutes, product liability claims, the outcome of legal proceedings, and other legal obligations related to healthcare, privacy, data protection, and information security, and the costs of compliance with, and potential liability associated with, our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 Data Security Risks. A significant disruption in our information technology systems, breaches of data security, or cyber-attacks on our systems or solutions could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 International Operations Risks. Our operations in foreign countries expose us to additional risks, including distribution, management, and systems integration issues, reduced intellectual property protections, adverse changes in international laws, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, political unrest, and pandemics or other major public health crises. 
 Workforce Risks. We may be unable to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel. 
 Intellectual Property Risks. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could negatively affect our ability to compete. 
 Materials Risks. We use raw materials and components that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages, or interruptions of supply. 
 Suppliers/Third-Party Vendors Risks . We may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of components, equipment, and raw materials on a timely basis. We depend on technologies provided by third-party vendors. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and in our governing documents may make a change in control of our Company more difficult, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Notes 
 Any conversion of our Notes (as defined below) may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders, depress the price of our common stock or, if the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Also, our convertible note hedge transactions may decrease the value of our common stock. 
 General Risks 
 We may be subject to adverse consequences related to tax rates and changes in tax legislation, and any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 Risk Factors 
 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also significantly impair our business operations. If any of these risks occur, our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition could suffer and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 In assessing these risks, you should also refer to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Risk Factors Related to our Business and Industry 
 Unfavorable economic and market conditions and a decreased demand in the capital equipment market could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Customer demand for our products is significantly linked to the strength of the economy. From time to time, the U.S. and global economy has experienced cyclical downturns impacting economic activity, the results of which include decreased demand for goods and services, reduced government spending, rising inflation, liquidity or credit constraints, declines in corporate profitability, credit, equity, or foreign exchange market volatility, increased bankruptcies, and general economic uncertainty. If decreases in demand for capital equipment caused by weak or uncertain economic conditions and decreased corporate and government spending, any effects of fiscal budget balancing at the federal level or proposed legislative changes, deferrals or delays (including due to customer labor shortages) of capital equipment projects, longer timeframes for capital equipment purchasing decisions, or generally reduced expenditures for capital solutions occur, we will experience decreased revenues and lower revenue growth rates, and our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the foregoing factors may also impact the willingness or ability of our customers to pay their existing obligations or honor their contractual commitments, which could result in decreased revenue and negatively impact our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Furthermore, the broader U.S. and global economy has experienced elevated inflationary pressures as well as continued supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability. We are unable to predict future changes in the state of the U.S. or global economy or whether inflationary pressures will continue to intensify or subside. If the current inflationary trends continue, or fail to improve, it could adversely affect our profits, margins or operating results as a result of increasing costs. 
 We may not realize the benefits of our expense containment efforts. 
 In November 2022, we announced a restructuring initiative through which we expect to achieve certain efficiencies, which was further updated in February 2023. As part of this initiative, the Company has reduced its workforce across many of its functions and is in the process of reducing its real estate footprint. The estimates of the charges and costs that the Company expects to incur and the potential benefits that the Company expects to achieve, in connection with the foregoing, and the timing thereof, are subject to a number of assumptions and actual results may differ materially. In addition, the Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur as a result of or in connection with the implementation of this initiative. There can be no assurance that these initiatives will achieve the expected benefits to our business as intended. The execution and implementation of these initiatives involve risk, including that significant amounts of management's time and resources could be diverted from our core operations in order to complete such initiatives. In addition, these initiatives could fail to realize expected benefits or present unforeseen obstacles, lead to operating inefficiencies and negatively disrupt our corporate culture, which could lead to further employee attrition, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We may fail to develop new solutions or enhance existing solutions to react to changes in technology and customer requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner, or our new or enhanced solutions may not achieve market acceptance. 
 We must develop new products and services or enhance existing products to react to evolving technologies and industry standards and regulatory requirements, and meet changing demands of our customers. This process can be time-consuming, costly, and complex, and usually requires us to accurately anticipate technological innovations and market trends. Our ability to fund product development and enhancements partially depends on our ability to generate revenues from our existing products. If we inaccurately anticipate technological innovations or market trends or fail to generate sufficient revenue to develop new products, enhance existing products to meet customer needs or technological or regulatory change, or are unable to fund product development investments, our ability to generate future revenues or revenue growth may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 New product and service developments or enhancements may be delayed, have technical problems (including software defects or errors), fail to meet customer or market specifications or industry standards, which could result in increased or unexpected expenses related to further developments or modifications. In addition, they also may not be competitive with other products using new or alternative technologies that offer comparable performance and functionality or may not be accepted in new or existing markets. Any of the foregoing could make our existing and future software solutions obsolete and unmarketable or result in loss of market share, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Our ability to execute successfully on the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy depends on our ability to continue to develop and introduce new products and services or product and service enhancements, and integrate new products and services with existing offerings, in furtherance of this vision in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to achieve the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy or we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in support of this vision, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Any reduction in the demand for or adoption of our medication management solutions, medication packaging systems, or related services would reduce our revenues. 
 A significant portion of domestic and international healthcare facilities still use traditional approaches to medication and/or supply management in some form that do not include fully automated methods of medication management. As a result, we must continuously educate existing and prospective customers about the potential advantages of our medication management solutions and medication packaging systems, which requires significant sales efforts and can cause longer sales cycles. Despite our significant efforts and extensive time commitments in sales to healthcare facilities, we cannot be assured that our efforts will result in sales to these customers. 
 In addition, our medication management solutions and our more complex automated packaging systems typically represent a sizable initial capital expenditure for healthcare organizations. Changes in the budgets of these organizations and the timing of spending under these budgets can have a significant effect on the demand for our medication management solutions, medication packaging systems, and related services. These budgets are often supported by cash flows that can be negatively affected by declining investment income and influenced by limited resources, increased operational and financing costs, macroeconomic conditions, and conflicting spending priorities among different departments. Any decrease in expenditures or change in spending priorities by healthcare facilities or increased financing costs, including as a result of the impacts of public health crises such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could decrease demand for our medication management solutions, medication packaging systems, and related services, and reduce our revenues. 
 Also, the continuing gradual transition to a value-based care healthcare delivery model could shift more of the burden of financial risk onto healthcare provider organizations and could decrease utilization of healthcare per patient. Value-based care could also cause a shift in sites of care from traditional venues, such as hospitals and clinics, to the home, and could impact our revenues. 
 Delays in installations of our medication management solutions or our more complex medication packaging systems could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. 
 The purchase of our medication management solutions or our more complex medication packaging systems is often part of a customer s larger initiative to re-engineer its pharmacy and distribution and materials management systems. The purchase of our systems often entails larger strategic purchases by customers that generally require more complex and stringent contractual requirements, involve a significant commitment of management attention and resources by prospective customers, and require the input and approval of many decision-makers. In addition, new product announcements can cause a delay in our customers decisions to purchase our products or convert pending orders for our older products to those of our newer products. For these and other reasons, the sales cycle associated with sales of our systems is often lengthy and subject to a number of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 delays over which we have little or no control. A delay in, or loss of, sales of these systems (including as a result of the impacts of public health crises such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or due to customer labor shortages or customer budgetary constraints) could have an adverse effect upon our business, operating results and could harm our business, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 In addition, and in part as a result of the complexities inherent in larger transactions, the time between the purchase and installation of our systems can generally range from two weeks to more than one year. Delays in installation can occur for reasons that are often outside of our control, such as customer labor shortages. We have also experienced fluctuations in our customer and transaction size mix, which makes our ability to forecast our bookings more difficult. Because we recognize revenues for our medication management solutions and our more complex medication packaging systems only upon installation at a customer s site, any delay in installation (including as a result of the impacts of public health crises such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or due to customer labor shortages) will also cause a delay in the recognition of the revenues for those systems. 
 The transition to selling more Advanced Services which include a software as a service or solution as a service subscription presents a number of risks. 
 We currently offer Advanced Services, which often contain a combination of equipment, software (cloud based or on-premise), onsite personnel to operate equipment, and advisory services that provide recommendations which, if implemented, are intended to help optimize utilization. These offerings include, but are not limited to, Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service and IV Compounding Service. We also offer our Inventory Optimization Service, certain patient engagement products and services under EnlivenHealth, Specialty Pharmacy Services, and 340B solutions, as a subscription. As we continue to execute on the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy and grow subscription and cloud-based offerings, we may offer additional products and services on a subscription basis. The transition to selling more products and services on a subscription basis presents a number of risks. The shift requires an investment of technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will recoup the costs of such investments, or that these investments will improve our long-term growth and operating results. Although we work to anticipate the rate of transition, if adoption of subscription solutions takes place faster than anticipated, the shift to subscription revenues will change the timing of revenue recognition and we may experience a temporary reduction of revenues and revenue growth rate. In addition, our cash flows may be impacted by the timing of invoicing of our subscription solutions. If any of our subscription solutions do not substantially meet customer requirements, contracts may be modified, causing a decline in revenue. Customers may elect not to renew their subscriptions upon expiration, or they may attempt to renegotiate pricing or other contractual terms at or prior to renewal on terms that are less favorable to us. In addition, since revenues are generally recognized over the term of the subscription, any decrease in customer purchases of our subscription-based products and services will not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods, which may result in inflated revenue growth rates that do not reflect such decreases initially. Similarly, any additional subscription sales would not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. 
 If errors occur during the provision of certain of our Advanced Services, or if we fail to maintain expected service levels, we may be liable to our customers or third parties which may result in a decline in our Advanced Services offerings revenue. 
 Certain of our Advanced Services offerings are highly complex and may be susceptible to errors, including as a result of human or technological error. We may be required to bear the cost of correcting any errors and the cost of such corrections may be significant, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. In addition, our customers, or third parties such as our customers patients, may assert claims that they suffered damages due to our errors. These claims could result in litigation and substantial costs, including legal defense costs. Although we believe our aggregate insurance policy limits are sufficient to cover reasonably expected claims, there can be no assurance that any liability insurance we purchase will be adequate to cover claims asserted against us. We could also be subject to adverse publicity as a result of such claims, regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, which may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers. Furthermore, if we cannot maintain the expected level of service or if our customers fail to achieve agreed upon milestone improvements in financial or operating metrics, payments to us from such customers may be lower than anticipated. 
 We may not be able to retain our Advanced Services customers. 
 An increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from our subscription-based Advanced Services offerings. In connection with those offerings, our customers, generally, have no obligation to renew their subscriptions. If our Advanced Services customers decline to renew their subscriptions or decide to terminate their agreements early for any reason, we would not derive the expected financial benefits from that customer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 In addition, some of our Advanced Services agreements require us to adhere to additional data, security, network access, and other institutional procedures and requirements of our customers, and in certain cases may obligate us to agreed 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 upon services levels. If we do not meet our obligations under any such Advanced Services agreement, we could be liable for damages. In addition, should a customer undergo a change in control or ownership, it may cause us or the customer to seek to modify or terminate an Advanced Services agreement. 
 If we are unable to maintain our relationships with group purchasing organizations GPOs or other similar organizations, we may have difficulty selling our products and services to customers represented by these organizations. 
 A number of GPOs have negotiated standard contracts for our products on behalf of their member healthcare organizations. Members of these GPOs may purchase under the terms of these contracts, which obligate us to pay the GPO a fee. We also have a Federal Supply Schedule contract with the Department of Veterans Affairs, allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, and other Federal government customers to purchase our products. These contracts enable us to sell our products and services more readily to customers represented by these organizations. Some of our contracts with these organizations are terminable at the convenience of either party. The loss of any of these relationships could impact the breadth of our customer base and could impair our ability to meet our revenue or revenue growth rate targets or our ability to increase our revenues. These organizations may not renew our contracts on similar terms, if at all, and they may choose to terminate our contracts before they expire, any of which could cause our revenues to decline. 
 If we are unable to meet the demands of, or maintain our relationships with, our institutional and retail pharmacy customers, our revenue from sales of medication packages, other consumables, or our Advanced Services may decline . 
 Approximately 6 of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 were generated from the sale of consumable medication packages, most of which are produced in our St. Petersburg, Florida facility on a continuous basis and are shipped out to fulfill the demands of our institutional and retail pharmacy customers domestically and abroad. The demands placed on institutional and retail pharmacies by their customers represent real time requirements of those customers. Our customer agreements for the sale of consumable medication packages are typically short-term in nature and typically do not impose volume commitments on the customer. If we are unable to supply quality packaging to our customers in a timely manner, they may use alternative methods of distributing medications to their customers, including consumable medication packaging sold by our competitors, and our revenues will decline. Any disruption in the production capabilities of our St. Petersburg facilities, including as a result of extreme weather conditions or natural disasters, which may be more frequent as a result of climate change, will adversely affect our ability to ship our consumable medication packages globally and would reduce our revenues. 
 In addition, the institutional pharmacy market consists of significant national suppliers of medications to non-acute care facilities, smaller regional suppliers, and very small local suppliers. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with the major institutional pharmacies we do business with, they may purchase consumable blister card components from alternative sources, or choose to use alternatives to blister cards for medication control, and our revenues would decline. 
 Similarly, EnlivenHealth offers a portfolio of web-based, mobile, and telephonic patient engagement, medication management, financial management, analytics, and population health solutions to pharmacies, which is designed to support improvement in health outcomes related to medication use. The success of these offerings depends on the trust our customers place in us and our reputation and ability to provide high-quality service. If we are unable to maintain the satisfaction or meet the expectations of our customers, our reputation with current and potential customers could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. In addition, if we fail to maintain our relationships with existing customers or are unable to create new relationships with other pharmacies, this could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Our inability to secure or maintain access to existing and future specialty drugs or pharmacy provider networks for our specialty pharmacy customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We provide Specialty Pharmacy Services to provider groups, federally qualified health centers, and health systems, including payer contracting and providing access to limited distribution drugs LDDs ). We have historically been able to obtain most of the payer and LDD products through our current network. However, if we are unable to obtain access to new LDDs or maintain access to current LDDs for our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability, and operating results. In addition, if we are not able to secure participation in the networks of pharmacy providers for our customers at acceptable reimbursement rates or if we lose access to current pharmacy networks, this could result in loss of customers, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. We endeavor to demonstrate continued value and growth for each of our customers during the term of their respective contracts with us. However, if any of our customers elect to manage their own specialty pharmacy business, such customers could reduce or cease doing business with us upon the expiration of such customer s contract term, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may be unable to compete successfully. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We expect continued and increased competition from current and future competitors, in the medication management automation solutions market and the medication adherence solutions market, many of which have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do. 
 The competitive challenges we face in the markets in which we operate include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 current or future competitors may offer or have the ability to offer a broader range of solutions than us, develop alternative solutions that provide a better customer outcome or lower cost of operation, develop new features or capabilities for their products that could compete with ours, respond more quickly and efficiently to new or changing technologies, standards, or regulations, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products than we do; 
 competitive pressures could result in increased price competition for our products and services, fewer customer orders, and reduced gross margins; 
 current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including larger, more established healthcare supply companies, thereby increasing their ability to develop and offer a broader suite of products and services; 
 our industry has recently experienced a significant degree of consolidation which could lead to competitors developing new business models that require us to adapt how we market, sell, or distribute our products or could also lead to competitors with greater economies of scale that have lower cost of operations allowing them to sell their products and services at a lower cost; 
 certain competitors have greater brand name recognition and a more extensive installed base than we do, and such advantages could be used to increase their market share; 
 certain competitors may have existing business relationships with our current and potential customers, which may cause these customers to purchase competing products and services from these competitors; and 
 our competitors may secure products and services from suppliers on more favorable terms or secure exclusive arrangements with suppliers or buyers that may impede the sales of our products and services. 
 If we fail to compete successfully against current or future competitors, it could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We face risks related to adverse public health epidemics, including the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic (including new variants of the virus), which could continue to adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 The continued spread of COVID-19 (including new variants of the virus), concerns over the pandemic, and related international, federal, state and local containment measures have adversely impacted our workforce and operations, as well as those of our customers and suppliers, and could continue to adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Continued disruption to the operations of our suppliers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related mitigation measures could significantly disrupt our supply chain, increase our procurement costs, and/or impact our ability to manufacture our products, which would negatively impact our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. As a result of disruptions in the supply chain, we are experiencing the impact of price inflation, primarily due to semiconductor and other component costs and, to a lesser extent, freight and raw materials. 
 Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which could increase the cost of capital and adversely impact access to capital not only for us, but also for our customers and suppliers. Weak or uncertain economic conditions and inability to access capital in a timely manner, or at all, could reduce our customers demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition perhaps materially. Similarly, in the event our access to the capital markets is constrained, our cost of borrowing could increase or we may be unable to obtain new or additional financing or refinancing in the future, either of which could have a material effect on our operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the full extent to which COVID-19 (including new variants of the virus) will continue to impact our business, operating results, cash flow or financial condition will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening certain other risks described in this Risk Factors 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 section, including, but not limited to, those relating to unfavorable economic and market conditions, our ability to develop new products or services or enhance existing products or services, the need to compete successfully against new product or service entrants, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, our tax rates, and our international operations. 
 We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position. 
 On November 15, 2019, we refinanced our existing senior secured credit facility pursuant to an amended and restated agreement with certain lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (as amended, the A R Credit Agreement ). The A R Credit Agreement provides for a five-year revolving credit facility of 500.0 million and an uncommitted incremental loan facility of up to 250.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding balances under the A R Credit Agreement. 
 In addition, on September 25, 2020, we issued 575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the Notes ), pursuant to an indenture, dated September 25, 2020 (the Indenture ), between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. We used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to repay all outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at the time. 
 Our debt may limit our ability to borrow additional funds or use our existing cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business purposes or may require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow for debt service payments; limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 Our ability to make payments of the principal, to pay interest, or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to, and we cannot provide assurance that our business will, generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to fund our cash requirements, service our debt or make necessary capital expenditures. Our failure to generate sufficient cash flow to pay our debts could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as borrowing more money, selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Any of these actions still may not be sufficient to allow us to service our debt obligations, could increase the risks related to our business or our ability to service or repay our indebtedness or may otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or to do so on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, as more fully described below in the risk factor captioned Covenants in our A R Credit Agreement restrict our business and operations in many ways, and if we do not effectively manage our compliance with these covenants, our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition could be adversely affected, the A R Credit Agreement includes customary restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. 
 In addition, borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement currently bear interest based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), however as of December 31, 2021, LIBOR has started being phased out, and LIBOR is expected to be entirely discontinued on June 30, 2023. The phasing out or discontinuance of LIBOR and other pressures may cause LIBOR to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. In addition, the A R Credit Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain triggering events relating to the end of LIBOR, we and the administrative agent will select a different benchmark rate to replace LIBOR. Upon, or prior to, the phasing out of LIBOR, we will work with our lenders to establish an alternative benchmark rate (such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) taking into account any relevant government authority s selection or recommendation of a replacement rate and/or the then-prevailing market convention for determining an alternative benchmark rate. Although, the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, and changes in, or the inability to agree on, an alternative rate or benchmark could result in an increase in the cost of borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement and other financial contracts that we may enter into that are currently indexed to LIBOR. 
 We are subject to laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, and the costs of compliance with, and potential liability associated with, our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 We receive, store, and process personal information and other data from and about customers, in addition to our employees and services providers. In addition, our customers use our solutions to obtain and store personal information, including health information. For example, our customers use our EnlivenHealth patient engagement platform to guide and track patient notes, interventions, and appointments, which involves the collection of personal health information of patients. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations by federal, state, local, and foreign agencies, as well as 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 contractual obligations and industry standards. Regulatory focus on data privacy and security concerns continues to increase globally, and laws and regulations concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information are expanding and becoming more complex. In the United States, these include federal health information privacy laws (such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), discussed below), security breach notification laws, and consumer protection laws, as well as state laws addressing privacy and data security (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA )). 
 While HIPAA does not create a private right of action, its standards have been used as the basis for civil suits and HIPAA is enforced by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS Office for Civil Rights OCR ), which can bring actions against entities for noncompliance, including for failures to implement security measures sufficient to reduce risks to electronic protected health information or to conduct an accurate and thorough risk analysis, among other violations. HIPAA enforcement actions may lead to monetary penalties and costly and burdensome corrective action plans. We are also required to report known breaches of protected health information consistent with applicable breach reporting requirements set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, on December 10, 2020, OCR issued proposed revisions to the Privacy Rule aimed at reducing regulatory burdens that may exist in discouraging coordination of care and patient access to their health information, among other changes. While a final rule has not yet been issued, if adopted, these proposed changes may require us to update our HIPAA policies and procedures to comply with the new requirements. Finally, pursuant to legislation passed in 2021, OCR recently issued guidance on recognized security practices for covered entities and business associates. OCR indicated that recognized security practices will not be an aggravating factor in OCR investigations, but that implementation of recognized security practices strengthen an organization s cybersecurity and regulatory posture, as well as possibly lessening enforcement penalties in a potential regulatory enforcement action. 
 The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches which is expected to increase data breach litigation. Additionally, the CPRA, came into effect in January 2023, and imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Laws similar to those in California have passed in states such as Virginia and Colorado, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level that may ultimately have conflicting requirements that would further complicate compliance. Furthermore, new health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act, congressional action or otherwise could have a significant effect on the manner in which we handle health-related information, and the cost of complying with these standards could be significant. If we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to patient health information, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. 
 Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting existing federal and state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of health-related and other personal information. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and the choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal information. If such information that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in, or affecting, commerce in violation of Section 5 of the FTC Act. Additionally, the FTC recently published an advance notice of proposed rulemaking on commercial surveillance and data security, and is seeking comment on whether it should implement new trade regulation rules or other regulatory alternatives concerning the ways in which companies (1) collect, aggregate, protect, use, analyze, and retain consumer data, as well as (2) transfer, share, sell, or otherwise monetize that data in ways that are unfair or deceptive. 
 Internationally, various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have established, or are currently developing, their own data privacy and security legal frameworks with which we or our customers must comply. In certain cases, these international laws and regulations are more restrictive than many regulations in the United States. For example, within the European Union EU ), the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 EU GDPR went into effect on May 25, 2018, and introduced strict requirements for the processing of personal information of individuals. The EU GDPR governs the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal information and has direct effect in all EU Member States, and has extraterritorial effect where organizations outside of the European Economic Area EEA process personal information of individuals in the EEA in relation to the offering of goods or services to those individuals (the targeting test or the monitoring of their behavior (the monitoring test ). As such, the EU GDPR applies to us to the extent we are established in an EU Member State, we are processing personal information in the context of an establishment in an EU Member State or we meet the requirements of either the targeting test or the monitoring test. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The EU GDPR imposes stringent data protection requirements on companies that fall within its scope, including inter alia: (i) contractual privacy, data protection, and data security commitments, including the requirement to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard personal information processed; (ii) establishing means for individuals to exercise their data protection rights (e.g., the right to erasure of personal information); (iii) obligations to consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal information processed; (iv) additional requirements pertaining to sensitive information (such as health data); (v) obligations to report certain personal data breaches to: (a) the supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours where feasible), and/or (b) data subjects; and (vi) enhanced requirements for obtaining valid consent from data subjects. The EU GDPR also provides that EU Member States may introduce further laws and regulations limiting the processing of genetic, biometric, or health data, which could limit our ability to collect, use, and share EU personal information, cause our compliance costs to increase, require us to change our practices, adversely impact our business, and harm our financial condition. 
 In addition, the EU GDPR prohibits the transfer of personal information from the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws unless the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal information. Data protection laws in the UK (as discussed below) and Switzerland impose similar restrictions. One of the primary safeguards allowing U.S. companies to import personal information from the EU and Switzerland has historically been certification to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, which is administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, respectively. However, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU in the Schrems II decision limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal information from the EEA to the United States by invalidating the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield for purposes of international transfers. Similarly, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield framework was declared as inadequate by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in light of the Schrems II decision. The Schrems II decision also led to a requirement for companies to carry out a transfer privacy impact assessment, which among other things, assesses laws governing access to personal information in the recipient country and considers whether supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under EU Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs will need to be implemented to ensure an essentially equivalent level of data protection to that afforded in the EEA. 
 Moreover, new versions of the SCCs (new EU SCCs ), now the primary safeguard available for the lawful transfer of personal information from the EU to the U.S., were adopted in June 2021. These new EU SCCs impose onerous obligations on contracting parties and must be used in all new contracts going forward (where there are restricted transfers of personal information), with existing contracts entered into before September 27, 2021 required to be updated by December 27, 2022. As such, any transfers by us or our vendors of personal information from the EU may not comply with European data protection law, may increase our exposure to the EU GDPR s heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions, and may reduce demand from companies subject to European data protection laws. 
 Furthermore, on October 7, 2022, the U.S. President introduced an executive order to facilitate a new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework, which is the new EU-U.S. adequacy mechanism following Privacy Shield. On December 13, 2022, the European Commission also published its draft adequacy decision which stated that the new executive order and Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework is able to meet the concerns raised in Schrems II . If the draft adequacy decision is approved by the European Commission and implemented, the agreement will facilitate the transatlantic flow of personal information and provide additional safeguards to data transfer mechanisms (including EU SCCs and Binding Corporate Rules) for companies transferring personal information from the EU to the U.S. However, before parties can rely on the new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework there are still legislative and regulatory steps that must be undertaken in both the EU and the U.S.. 
 Administrative fines for non-compliance with the EU GDPR can be significant and can amount to fines of up to the greater of 20.0 million or 4 of global annual turnover, and restrictions or prohibitions on data processing. The EU GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the EU GDPR. 
 Relatedly, following the United Kingdom s UK withdrawal from the EU (known as, Brexit ), the EU GDPR has been implemented in the UK as the UK GDPR . The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and implements certain derogations in the EU GDPR into English law. Under the UK GDPR, companies established in the UK and companies not established in the UK but who process personal information in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to the monitoring of their behavior will be subject to the UK GDPR. The requirements of the UK GDPR are (at this time) largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR and as such, may lead to similar compliance and operational costs with potential fines for non-compliance of up to 17.5 million or 4 of global annual turnover. As a result, we are potentially exposed to two parallel data protection regimes, each of which authorizes fines and the potential for divergent enforcement actions. It should also be noted that the UK Information Commissioner s Office ICO has published its own form of EU SCCs known as the UK International Data Transfer Agreement together with an International Data Transfer Addendum to the new EU SCCs. The ICO has also published its version of the transfer impact assessment and guidance on 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 international transfers (although entities may choose to adopt either the EU or UK style transfer impact assessment). In terms of international data transfers between the UK and the U.S., it is understood that the UK and the U.S. are negotiating an adequacy agreement. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may legally or contractually apply to us, and other regulatory protections may lose their applicability to our business as regulations and legal proceedings continue to evolve globally. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, including in the UK (see above), where we have business operations. We cannot predict the scope of any such future laws, regulations, and standards that may be applicable to us, or how courts, agencies, or data protection authorities might interpret current ones. It is possible that these laws and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our solutions. 
 Compliance with privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, and other obligations is costly, and we may encounter difficulties, delays, or significant expenses in connection with our compliance, or because of our customers need to comply or our customers interpretation of their own legal requirements. For example, as previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022, in connection with the cybersecurity event we experienced on May 4, 2022, we provided breach notification to fewer than 350 individuals as required by applicable law. Additionally, as discussed further in the section entitled Legal Proceedings in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, we are currently and have in the past been subject to certain class action lawsuits asserting, among other allegations, claims of violation of the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. 
 In addition, any future event that results in the failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security could result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, exposure to indemnification obligations or other liabilities, and adverse publicity, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, as well as our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Significant disruptions in our information technology systems, breaches of data security, or cyber-attacks on our systems or solutions, could adversely impact our business. 
 We rely on information technology IT systems to keep financial records and corporate records, communicate with staff and external parties, and operate other critical functions, including sales and manufacturing processes. As our business needs change, we may need to expand or update our IT systems. We also utilize third-party cloud services in connection with our operations, which also may need to be expanded or updated as our business needs change. Our IT systems and third-party cloud services are potentially vulnerable to disruption due to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses, public health crises such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, other catastrophic events or environmental impact, as well as due to system upgrades and/or new system implementations. Our systems may also experience vulnerabilities from third-party or open source software code that may be incorporated into our own or our vendors systems. Any prolonged system disruption in our IT systems or third-party services could negatively impact the coordination of our sales, planning, and manufacturing activities, which could harm our business. In addition, in order to maximize our information technology efficiency, we have physically consolidated our primary corporate data and computer operations. This concentration, however, exposes us to a greater risk of disruption to our internal IT systems. Although we maintain offsite back-ups of our data, a disruption of operations at our facilities could materially disrupt our business if we are not capable of restoring function within an acceptable time frame. 
 Our IT systems and third-party cloud services are potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, including ransomware, or other data security incidents, by employees or others, which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. In addition, we have a large number of employees working remotely, which number may continue to grow, and such arrangements may involve increased use of office equipment off premises, which may make our systems more susceptible to security breaches or breach attempts. As previously disclosed, on May 4, 2022, we determined that certain of our information technology systems were affected by ransomware impacting certain internal systems. Upon detecting the security event, we took immediate steps designed to contain the incident and implement its business continuity plans to restore and support continued operations. We contained the incident and restored substantially all of its critical information technology systems. We do not believe the security event will have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Future d ata security incidents could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or to the public exposure of sensitive and confidential information of our employees, customers, suppliers, and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Moreover, the current and/or a future security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or modification of, or prevents access to, patient information, including personally identifiable information or protected health information, could harm our reputation, result in litigation, 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. For additional information, see the risk factor captioned We are subject to laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, and the costs of compliance with, and potential liability associated with, our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business above for additional information. 
 We sell certain solutions that receive, store, and process our customers data. For example, our Inventory Optimization Service solution combines a cloud-based predictive intelligence platform with expert services designed to monitor pharmacy operations and recommend opportunities to help improve efficiency, regulatory compliance, and patient outcomes. As another example, our EnlivenHealth Patient Engagement platform is a private cloud-based solution that supports improving patient adherence goals through a single web-based platform that hosts functionality to guide and track patient notes, interventions, and appointments. These solutions require that we maintain an information technology infrastructure that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. Operational malfunctions, including loss of customer data or power or telecommunications infrastructure outages, or an effective attack on our solutions could disrupt the proper functioning of our solutions, allow unauthorized access to sensitive and confidential information of our customers (including protected health information), and disrupt our customers operations, which could result in reduced quality of services and contract liability or claims by customers and other third parties. In addition to the risks and impacts noted above, any of these events could damage our reputation or cause our solutions to be perceived as having security vulnerabilities and reduce demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. These risks are likely to increase as we continue to grow our cloud-based offerings, including in support of the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, and as we receive, store, and process more of our customers data. 
 While we have implemented a number of security measures designed to protect our systems and data, including firewalls, antivirus and malware detection tools, patches, log monitors, routine back-ups, system audits, routine password modifications, and disaster recovery procedures, and have designed certain security features into our solutions, we and our third party service providers regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents and such measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent or fully address the adverse effect of such events. In some cases, we may be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects as breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm. In addition, while we possess insurance that currently includes coverage for cyber-attacks, we have seen a trend where the amount of coverage being offered by insurance providers for such cyber-attacks is decreasing while the cost of obtaining such coverage is increasing. If this trend continues, the insurance coverage we possess may not be adequate or the cost to obtain such coverage may become prohibitive. 
 We use third-party cloud providers in connection with certain of our cloud-based offerings or third-party providers to host our own data, in which case we rely on the processes, controls, and security such third parties have in place to protect the infrastructure. We also may acquire companies, products, services, and technologies and inherit such risks when we integrate these acquisitions within Omnicell. 
 Any failure to prevent such security breaches or privacy violations, or implement satisfactory remedial measures, could require us to expend significant resources to investigate security breaches and notify affected individuals, remediate any damage, disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, damage our reputation or cause us incur costs to manage public relations issues, damage our relationships with our customers, or expose us to a risk of financial loss, litigation, regulatory penalties, contractual indemnification obligations, or other liability. 
 We may fail to realize the potential benefits of acquired businesses, which could negatively affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We have in the past acquired businesses, and expect to continue to seek to acquire businesses, technologies, or products in the future. For example, we acquired FDS Amplicare in September 2021, ReCept and MarkeTouch Media, each in December 2021, respectively, and Hub and Spoke Innovations in January 2022. We cannot provide assurance that any acquisition or future transaction we complete will result in long-term benefits to us or our stockholders, or that we will be able to effectively integrate or manage the acquired businesses, including FDS Amplicare, ReCept, MarkeTouch Media, or Hub and Spoke Innovations. 
 These transactions may involve significant challenges, uncertainties, and risks, including: 
 difficulties in combining previously separate businesses into a single unit and the complexity of managing a more dispersed organization as sites are acquired; 
 difficulties in right-sizing organizations and gaining synergies across acquired operations; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 complying with regulatory requirements, such as those of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA ), or state boards of pharmacy, that we were not previously subject to; 
 failure to understand and compete effectively in markets in which we have limited previous experience; 
 substantial costs and diversion of management s attention when evaluating and negotiating such transactions and then integrating an acquired business, including any unforeseen delays and expenditures that may result; 
 incurring additional debt in connection with the financing of an acquisition; 
 discovery, after completion of the acquisition, of liabilities assumed or internal control, regulatory or compliance issues in acquisitions that are broader in scope and magnitude or are more difficult to manage than originally assumed or identified; 
 difficulties assimilating and retaining key personnel of an acquired business; 
 failure to achieve anticipated benefits such as revenue enhancements and operational and cost efficiencies; 
 difficulties in integrating newly acquired products and solutions in our offerings, or inability or failure to provide high quality service, expand bookings and sales, or effectively coordinate sales and marketing efforts after the acquisition; 
 inability to maintain business relationships with customers and suppliers of newly acquired companies due to post-acquisition disruption; 
 inability or failure to successfully integrate financial reporting and information technology systems; and 
 other additional risks relating to legal, regulatory or tax matters. 
 If we are not able to successfully integrate or manage the acquired businesses and their operations, or if there are delays in combining the businesses, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected and our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted. 
 If goodwill or other intangible assets that we recorded in connection with our prior acquisitions become impaired, we could be required to take significant charges against earnings. 
 In connection with the accounting for the 340B Link Business acquisition in October 2020, the FDS Amplicare acquisition in September 2021, and the ReCept and MarkeTouch Media acquisitions, each in December 2021, respectively, we recorded a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition, for our prior acquisitions of Aesynt and MTS Medication Technologies, Inc. MTS ), we continue to maintain a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets, and for Avantec Healthcare Limited, Mach4 Automatisierungstechnik GmbH, and ateb, we continue to maintain a significant amount of goodwill. As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded approximately 976.1 million net of accumulated amortization, in goodwill and intangible assets, in connection with past acquisitions. Under GAAP, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has been impaired. Intangible assets subject to amortization will be assessed for impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Any reduction or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and shareholders equity in future periods. 
 The healthcare industry is subject to legislative and regulatory changes, as well as financial constraints and consolidation, which could adversely affect the demand for our products and services. 
 The healthcare industry has faced, and will likely continue to face, significant financial constraints. U.S. government legislation and program rulemaking may cause customers to postpone purchases of our products due to reductions in federal healthcare program reimbursement rates and/or needed changes to their operations in order to meet the requirements of legislation or in anticipation of future rulemaking. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, resulted in reductions in payments to Medicare providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, following a temporary suspension during the COVID-19 pandemic that expired on July 1, 2022, will remain in effect into 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover Medicare overpayments to providers from three to five years. Our automation solutions often involve a significant financial commitment from our customers and, as a result, our ability to grow our business is largely dependent on our customers capital and operating budgets. To the extent current or proposed legislation and program rules promote spending on other initiatives or healthcare providers spending declines or increases more slowly than we anticipate, demand for our products and services could decline. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, certain healthcare legislation and regulations may be challenged from time to time, in an effort to modify or repeal that legislation or those regulations. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA ), which was passed in March 2010 and substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, has been subject to numerous judicial, legislative, and regulatory efforts to replace it or to alter its interpretation or implementation. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the law. It is unclear how this decision, and other efforts to challenge, repeal, replace, or otherwise modify, or alter the implementation or interpretation of the ACA will affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We cannot predict the success of our business with respect to any such challenges or the effect that subsequent changes or new resulting legislation or regulations would have on our business or the healthcare industry in general. Furthermore, many existing healthcare laws and regulations, when enacted, did not anticipate the services we may provide. Any future actions or developments could adversely impact the healthcare industry, including with respect to the cost of prescription drugs, regulation of pharmacy services, the administration of the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program, changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, or could challenge or change the way we do business, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Healthcare providers have consolidated to create larger healthcare delivery organizations in order to achieve economies of scale and/or greater market power. If this consolidation continues, it would increase the size of certain target customers, which could increase the cost, effort, and difficulty in selling our products to such customers, or could cause our existing or potential customers to begin utilizing our competitors products if such customers are acquired by healthcare providers that prefer our competitors products to ours. In addition, the resulting organizations could have greater bargaining power, which may lead to price erosion. This consolidation could also result in new entrants in the markets in which we operate, which presents additional risk and could result in adverse impacts on our business, see We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may be unable to compete successfully above for additional information. 
 Government regulation of the healthcare industry could reduce demand for our products or services, or substantially increase the cost to produce our products or deliver our services. 
 The manufacture and sale of most of our current medication management solutions products and services are not directly regulated by the FDA or the DEA, although such products and services are used by other persons (our customers) whose pharmacy, dispensing, and compounding activities may be subject to regulation by those agencies and by state boards of pharmacy. However, we manufacture and develop specifications for products classified as Class I and Class II medical devices, which are subject to FDA regulation and require compliance with the FDA Quality System Regulation as well as medical device reporting, including a sterile disposable product that required FDA 510(k) review and clearance prior to marketing and distribution. Medical devices are also subject to various other regulatory requirements, including as applicable, premarket clearance or approval, clinical trial requirements, establishment registration and device listing, complaint handling, notification and repair, replace, refund, mandatory recalls, unique device identifier UDI requirements, reports of removals and corrections, post-marketing surveillance, and device tracking. Additional products and services may require us to observe HHS regulations for credentialing of providers (pharmacists) or be subject to DEA regulations concerning the management, storing, dispensing, and disposal of, and accounting for, controlled substances, and may be regulated in the future by the FDA, DEA, or other federal agencies due to future legislative and regulatory initiatives or reforms. In addition, certain provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA related to the handling, distribution and compounding of pharmaceuticals, govern all parts of the drug distribution chain, which our customers may be required to comply with and which may influence customer demand for our products. Direct regulation of our business and products by the FDA, DEA, or other federal agencies could substantially increase the cost to produce our products or deliver our services and increase the time required to bring those products and services to market, reduce the demand for our products and services, and reduce our revenues. In addition, our customers include healthcare providers and facilities subject to regulation by the DEA, pharmacies subject to regulation by the FDA and individual state boards of pharmacy and hospitals subject to accreditation by accrediting organizations approved by the CMS, such as the Joint Commission, and the rules, regulations, and standards of such regulators and accrediting organizations. Any failure of our customers to comply with the applicable rules, regulations, and standards could reduce demand for our products or services and harm our business, competitive position, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Given our customers, products, services, and industry relationships, we may also be subject to rules, regulations, standards, and enforcement imposed by HHS, the U.S. Department of Justice, the HHS Office of Inspector General, CMS, the Health Resources and Services Administration, and state attorneys general, among others. As such, from time to time, we may be subject to various state or federal governmental inspections, reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with governmental rules and regulations to the extent governing our products and services. The costs to respond to or defend any such reviews, audits and investigations can be significant and are likely to increase in the current enforcement environment. These audits and investigations may result in other adverse consequences, particularly if the underlying conduct is found to be pervasive or systemic. These consequences may include, but are not limited to: (1) refunding or retroactively adjusting amounts 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 that have been paid under the relevant government program or from other payers; (2) state or federal agencies imposing significant fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; (3) losing our right to participate in certain governmental programs; and (4) damaging our reputation in various markets, which could adversely affect our ability to attract customers and employees. If these were to occur, the consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 While we have implemented a Privacy and Use of Information Policy and adhere to established privacy principles, use of customer information guidelines, and related federal and state statutes, we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with all international, federal and state healthcare information privacy and security laws that we are directly or indirectly subject to, including, without limitation, HIPAA. Under HIPAA, we are considered a business associate in relation to many of our customers that are covered entities, and, as such, most of these customers have required that we enter into written agreements governing the way we handle and safeguard certain patient health information we may encounter in providing our products and services, and may impose liability on us for failure to meet our contractual obligations. Furthermore, pursuant to changes in HIPAA under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, we are covered under HIPAA similar to other covered entities and, in some cases, subject to the same civil and criminal penalties as a covered entity. A number of states and countries have also enacted privacy and security statutes and regulations that, in some cases, are more stringent than HIPAA and may also apply directly to us. If our past or present operations are found to violate any of these laws, we may be subject to fines, penalties, and other sanctions. 
 In addition, we cannot predict the potential impact of future privacy standards and other federal, state, and international privacy and security laws that may be enacted at any time on our customers or on Omnicell. These laws could restrict the ability of Omnicell and/or our customers to obtain, use, or disseminate patient information, which could reduce the demand for our products or services or force us to redesign our products or services in order to meet regulatory requirements. For more information, you should also refer to the risk factor above captioned We are subject to laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, and the costs of compliance with, and potential liability associated with, our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business . 
 Changes to the 340B Program could negatively impact our 340B Program-related services. 
 Any changes to the 340B Drug Pricing Program, such as changes to the scope of, or requirements for participation in, the 340B Program, could negatively impact our 340B Program-related services. Current litigation brought by multiple manufacturers is challenging the Health Resources and Services Administration s requirement to offer the 340B ceiling price on drugs dispensed at contract pharmacies. The decisions that have been issued to date have been narrowly tailored and appeals have been filed in some of the cases. While the litigation is ongoing, a number of manufacturers have restricted access to the 340B ceiling price for drugs dispensed at contract pharmacies. It is not yet clear how the litigation will resolve. If 340B ceiling prices are not required to be offered for drugs dispensed at contract pharmacies or the requirements for participation by 340B covered entities make participation in the program less beneficial, our 340B Program-related offerings may become less useful to 340B covered entities, and our 340B Program-related businesses could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Furthermore, uncertainty around the 340B Program could lead to lower levels of participation by 340B covered entities, which could reduce demand for our 340B Program-related businesses and could adversely affect our business. In addition, Congress has considered legislative changes to the 340B Program. Any legislative changes to the 340B Program could also affect our 340B Program-related services. 
 We must comply with anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, and other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 Our current and future operations are subject to various federal and state healthcare laws and regulations that affect our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements we can enter into with respect to our products and services. They also impose additional administrative and compliance burdens on us. These laws include, but are not limited to, the healthcare fraud and abuse laws described in the section titled Business - Government Regulation above. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, and it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws or that such laws could be applied to our business in ways we did not anticipate. Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to investigations by government authorities (which have increased in recent years as the healthcare industry has come under greater scrutiny) can be time and resource consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant financial penalties and possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. This could harm our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 Our international operations may subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We currently have operations outside of the United States, including sales efforts centered in Canada, Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific regions, and supply chain efforts in Asia. We intend to continue to expand our international operations, particularly in certain markets that we view as strategic, including the Middle East. Our international operations subject us to a variety of risks, including: 
 our reliance on distributors for the sale of our medication management solutions outside the United States, Canada, the UK, France, and Germany; 
 remaining uncertainty regarding the consequences of Brexit and the impact on markets, as well as the potential impact on: (i) our operations, (ii) our customers operations and capital planning, and (iii) the healthcare industry overall; 
 the difficulty of managing an organization operating in various countries; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions; 
 the imposition of, or adverse changes in, international laws and regulations, including privacy and security, labor, import, export, trade, environmental standards, product compliance, tax, anti-bribery, and employment laws; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and difficulties in repatriating funds from certain countries; 
 additional investment, coordination, and lead-time necessary to successfully interface our automation solutions with the existing information systems of our customers or potential customers outside of the United States; 
 political unrest, terrorism, and other potential hostilities in areas in which we have facilities or operations; and 
 epidemics, pandemics, or other major public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 If we are unable to anticipate and address these risks properly our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition could be harmed. 
 Furthermore, changes in export or import regulation and other trade barriers and uncertainties may have an adverse effect on our business. For example, in recent years, the U.S. government advocated greater restrictions on trade generally and tariff increases on certain goods imported into the United States, particularly from China. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the United States and other countries (including China), what products may be subject to such actions, or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies, or the related uncertainties, has the potential to adversely impact our ability to do business outside of the United States as well as our supply chain and costs, which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Covenants in our A R Credit Agreement restrict our business and operations in many ways, and if we do not effectively manage our compliance with these covenants, our financial conditions and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The A R Credit Agreement contains various customary covenants that require us to provide financial and other information reporting as well as notice upon certain events and limit or restrict our ability and/or our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur or assume liens or additional debt or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; issue redeemable preferred stock; pay dividends or distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain debt; make loans, investments, acquisitions, and capital expenditures; enter into agreements that restrict distributions from our subsidiaries; sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries; enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person. 
 The A R Credit Agreement also includes financial covenants requiring us (i) not to exceed a maximum consolidated secured net leverage ratio of 3.00:1 and (ii) to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1. Our ability to comply with these financial covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants under the A R Credit Agreement could result in a default under the terms of the A R Credit Agreement, which could permit the administrative agent or the lenders to declare all or part of any outstanding borrowings to be immediately due and payable or foreclose on our assets, or to refuse to permit additional borrowings under the revolving credit facility, which could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions to take advantage of certain 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 business opportunities that may be presented to us. In addition, if we are unable to repay those amounts, the administrative agent and the lenders under the A R Credit Agreement could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that debt and foreclose on our assets, which would seriously harm our business. 
 Climate change, legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change and related emphasis on environmental, social and corporate governance ESG matters by various stakeholders may negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 Climate changes, such as extreme weather conditions and natural disasters or the occurrence of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters with increased frequency and severity, resulting from increased concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, could present risks to our operations by decreasing the availability or increasing cost of materials needed for manufacturing, or increasing insurance and other operating costs. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, or flooding, may also pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. 
 In addition, increased awareness and concern over climate change may result in new or additional regional and/or federal legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Currently, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Furthermore, regulators , customers , investors , and employees expectations for ESG matters have been rapidly evolving and increasing. The enhanced stakeholder focus on these issues requires continuous monitoring of various and evolving standards and the associated reporting requirements. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations, combined with inconsistent standards by which to measure ESG performance, may result in the loss of business, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers or an inability to attract and retain top talent. 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and harm our operating results. 
 We rely on our network infrastructure, data centers, enterprise applications, and technology systems for the development, marketing, support, and sales of our products, and for the internal operation of our business. These systems are susceptible to disruption or failure in the event of an extreme weather condition, including earthquake, fire, flood, ice and snowstorms or other natural disasters, as well as cyber-attack, terrorist attack, telecommunications failure, epidemic or pandemic (such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), or other catastrophic event. Many of these systems are housed or supported in or around our corporate headquarters located in Northern California, near major earthquake faults and which may be vulnerable to climate change effects, and where a significant portion of our research and development activities and other critical business operations take place. Other critical systems are housed in communities that have been subject to significant tropical storms such St. Petersburg, Florida, which is the location of our manufacturing facilities for our consumable medication packages, and Raleigh, North Carolina. In the future, tropical storms may be intensified or occur with increasing frequency as a result of climate change. Disruptions to, or the failure of any of these systems, and the resulting loss of critical data, which is not quickly recoverable by the effective execution of disaster recovery plans designed to reduce such disruption, could cause delays in our product development, prevent us from fulfilling our customers orders, and could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, the result of which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel. 
 Our success is highly dependent upon the continuing contributions of our key management, sales, technical, and engineering staff, and on our ability to attract, train, and retain highly skilled and motivated personnel. As more of our products are installed in increasingly complex environments, greater technical expertise will be required. As our installed base of customers increases, we will require additional resources to meet increased demands on our customer service and support personnel. Furthermore, as we execute on the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy and grow and develop our cloud-based software as a service and solution as a service offerings, more specialized expertise will be required. This growth and shift in products and offerings could lead to increased labor costs, and thereby increased costs of our products and offerings, which could result reduced customer demand and our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, competition for specialized and technical personnel can be intense, and the pool of suitable candidates may be limited. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. If we lose the services of one or more of our key personnel, we may not be able to find a suitable replacement and our business could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, external and internal factors (such as our continued growth) and events related to the COVID-19 pandemic (including new variants of the virus) may result in greater workloads for our employees compared to those at companies with which we compete for personnel, which may lead to higher levels of employee burnout and turnover. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Competitors have in the past attempted, and may in the future attempt, to recruit our employees. In addition, since equity compensation is a key component of our employee compensation program, any failure to receive stockholder approval for future proposed increases to the number of shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans could prevent us from granting equity compensation at competitive levels and make it more difficult to attract, retain, and motivate employees, including key employees of acquired businesses. Failure to attract and retain key personnel could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights could negatively affect our ability to compete. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patent protection for technology and processes, and our ability to preserve our trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets. We have pursued patent protection in the United States and foreign jurisdictions for technology that we believe to be proprietary and for technology that we find offers us a potential competitive advantage for our products. We intend to continue to pursue such protection in the future. Our issued patents relate to various features of our medication management solutions and medication packaging systems. We cannot assure you that we will file any patent applications in the future and that any of our patent applications will result in issued patents, or that, if issued, such patents will provide significant protection for our technology and processes or a competitive advantage. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that such patents will not be challenged or invalidated or that others will not design around the patents we own. All of our system software is copyrighted and subject to the protection of applicable copyright laws; however, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights as effectively as they do in the U.S. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our proprietary rights are or will be adequate. that competitors will not independently develop similar technology, and that unauthorized parties will not attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary, which could harm our competitive position. 
 Our products use raw materials and components that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages, or interruptions of supply, and if we are unable to maintain supply sources for such raw materials and components, or if such sources fail to satisfy our supply requirements, in particular with regard to semiconductor chips, we may experience a loss of sales, increased component costs, and reduced profitability. 
 Factors that are largely beyond our control, such as the cost, quality, and availability of the raw materials and components utilized in the manufacture of our products, may affect the cost of such products, and we may not be able to pass those costs on to our customers. Our products use raw materials and components that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages, or other disruptions of supply for many reasons outside of our control, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we may be dependent upon a limited number of suppliers for certain components which may be unduly affected by supply chain disruptions. The cost, quality, and availability of these raw materials and components are essential to the successful manufacture and sale of our products. If we are unable to maintain supply sources of these raw materials and components, or if such sources fail to satisfy our supply requirements, we may lose sales and experience increased component costs. 
 We have developed and implemented strategies in an effort to mitigate the impact of price fluctuations, shortages, or other disruptions of supply, but these strategies, particularly in a prolonged inflationary environment, may only offset a portion of the adverse impact. We carry some inventory of critical components and are otherwise working to secure supplies necessary to ensure fulfillment of customer demand, but global shortages could result in our need to secure supplies at higher costs as well as manufacturing delays. We have recently experienced increased delays in shipments of various components used in the manufacture of our products, particularly with regard to semiconductor chips. As a result, we have sought alternate sources of certain components, which may be at a higher cost or lower quality. Because semiconductor chips continue to be subject to an ongoing and significant shortage, our ability to source components that use semiconductor chips has been adversely affected. These supply interruptions have resulted in increased component delivery lead times and increased costs to obtain components with available semiconductor chips. As the semiconductor chip shortage continues, or other shortages may continue, the production of our products may be impacted. If we or our suppliers are unable to obtain components from third parties in the quantities and of the quality that we require, on a timely basis and at acceptable prices, we may not be able to deliver our products on a timely or cost-effective basis to our customers, or it may lead to us delivering products that are of a lower quality that may result in increased repair and replacement costs, which could harm our business and reputation, operating results, cash flow, and financial condition. We have also seen a period of sustained price increases for commodities used in the manufacture of our products that may continue as demand increases and supply remains constrained, which has resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased costs for Omnicell and thereby potentially lower profit margins. If the costs of these commodities increase or remain elevated, it could adversely affect Omnicell s business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on a limited number of suppliers for our products, and our business may suffer if we were required to change suppliers to obtain an adequate supply of components, equipment, and raw materials on a timely basis. 
 Although we generally use parts and components for our products with a high degree of modularity, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited sources. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials necessary to produce our consumable medication packages. While we have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies of all components and raw materials in a timely manner from existing sources, or where necessary, from alternative sources, we entered into relationships with new suppliers in connection with the launch of our XT Series products. We engage multiple single source third-party manufacturers to build several of our sub-assemblies. The risks associated with changing to alternative vendors, if necessary, for any of the numerous components used to manufacture our products could limit our ability to manufacture our products or result in the use of substitute components in our products that could lead to additional complexity or cost in maintaining our products and thereby harm our business. Due to our reliance on a few single source partners to build our hardware sub-assemblies and on a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials that are necessary in the production of our consumable medication packages, a reduction or interruption in supply from our partners or suppliers, or a significant increase in the price of one or more components could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. In certain circumstances, the failure of any of our suppliers or us to perform adequately could result in quality control issues affecting end users acceptance of our products, which could damage customer relationships and harm our business. 
 Our U.S. government lease agreements are subject to annual budget funding cycles and mandated changes, which may affect our ability to recognize revenues and sell receivables based on such leases. 
 Prior to September 2021, U.S. government customers that leased our equipment typically signed contracts with five-year payment terms that are subject to one-year government budget funding cycles. Effective September 2021, the government has mandated changes in its Federal Supply Services contract that has resulted in our determination not to enter into future leases with U.S. government customers. Our existing leases with U.S. government customers are unaffected by this change. As a result, our volume of U.S. government customer leases will decline over time and cease in the future. The failure of any of our U.S. government customers to receive their annual funding, or the government mandating changes to the Federal Supply Services contract, could impair our ability to sell equipment to these customers or to sell our U.S. government receivables to third-party leasing companies. In addition, the ability to collect payments on unsold receivables could be impaired and may result in a write-down of our unsold receivables from U.S. government customers. The balance of our unsold leases to U.S. government customers was 19.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 If we fail to manage our inventory properly, our revenue, gross margin, and profitability could suffer. 
 Managing our inventory of components and finished products is a complex task. A number of factors, including, but not limited to, the need to maintain a significant inventory of certain components that are in short supply, especially in response to the current semiconductor chip shortage, or that must be purchased in bulk to obtain favorable pricing, the general unpredictability of demand for specific products and customer requests for quick delivery schedules, may result in us maintaining large amounts of inventory. Other factors, including changes in market demand, customer requirements, and technology, may cause our inventory to become obsolete. Any excess or obsolete inventory could result in inventory write-downs, which in turn could harm our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Intellectual property claims against us could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We expect that developers of medication management solutions and medication packaging systems will be increasingly subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. In the future, third parties may claim that we have infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights with respect to current or future products. We do not carry special insurance that covers intellectual property infringement claims, however, such claims may be covered under our traditional insurance policies. These policies contain terms, conditions, and exclusions that make recovery for intellectual property infringement claims difficult to guarantee. Any infringement claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources, cause product shipment delays, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. These royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Product liability claims against us could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our products include medication management solutions and medication adherence products and services for healthcare systems and pharmacies. Despite the presence of healthcare and pharmacy professionals as intermediaries between our products and patients, if our products fail to provide accurate and timely information or operate as designed, customers, patients, or their family members could assert claims against us for product liability. Moreover, failure of health care facility and pharmacy 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 employees to use our products for their intended purposes could result in product liability claims against us. Litigation with respect to product liability claims, regardless of any outcome, could result in substantial cost to us, divert management s attention from operations, and decrease market acceptance of our products. We possess a variety of insurance policies that include coverage for general commercial liability and technology errors and omissions liability. We attempt to mitigate these risks through contractual terms negotiated with our customers. However, these policies and protective contractual terms may not be adequate against product liability claims and in the past we have been subject to certain lawsuits asserting, among other allegations, claims of product liability. A successful claim brought against us, or any claim or product recall that results in negative publicity about us, could harm our competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. Also, in the event that any of our products is defective, we may be required to recall or redesign those products, which could result in increased costs and have an adverse impact on our results of operation. 
 We are dependent on technologies provided by third-party vendors, the loss of which could negatively and materially affect our ability to market, sell, or distribute our products. 
 Some of our products incorporate technologies owned by third parties that are licensed to us for use, modification, and distribution. If we lose access to third-party technologies or we lose the ongoing rights to modify and distribute these technologies with our products, we will have to devote resources to independently develop, maintain, and support the technologies ourselves, pay increased license costs, or transition to another vendor. Any independent development, maintenance, or support of these technologies by us or the transition to alternative technologies could be costly, time consuming, and could delay our product releases and upgrade schedules. These factors could negatively and materially affect our ability to market, sell, or distribute our products. 
 Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. 
 We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or initiatives, including with respect to our software as a service or solution as a service subscription products and services or other subscription and cloud-based offerings. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, lack of expertise to effectively execute such strategies or initiatives, insufficient revenue to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with a strategy or initiative, inadequate return of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence. These new ventures may be inherently risky and may not be successful. Even if successful, they may not have the projected or actual impact that we initially expected or that recoups our initial investment. As a result, such initiatives may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may continue to be highly volatile. 
 Our common stock traded between 182.77 and 46.11 per share during the year ended December 31, 2022. The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile in response to various factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or forecasts, and whether our operating results meet our publicly announced guidance or expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 changes in the ratings of our common stock by securities analysts or changes in their earnings estimates; 
 changes in our business model and initiatives, such as our ongoing transition to focus on a subscription-based business model and our ongoing restructuring initiative to contain costs; 
 developments in our customer relationships; 
 changes in our Board of Directors, senior management, or key personnel; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of technological innovations or new products; 
 mergers, acquisitions, combinations, and other significant transactions involving us or our competitors; 
 our sale of our common stock or other securities; 
 level of demand for our common stock, and actions by stockholders or short sellers of our common stock; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products or services; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 our involvement in any litigation or investigations by government authorities, including litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs; 
 cyber events, such as the ransomware incident we experienced in May 2022; 
 epidemics, pandemics, or other major public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; or 
 general economic, regulatory, political and market conditions. 
 Furthermore, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our common stock to decline irrespective of our performance. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could lower the market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. For example, in July 2019, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against Omnicell and certain of our officers alleging that the defendants violated federal securities laws by making certain materially false and misleading statements. While this action was concluded in December 2019 following the lead plaintiff's voluntary dismissal as to all defendants, we may in the future be subject to other class action lawsuits, especially following periods of volatility in our stock price. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict, and may cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have varied and may vary in the future. In addition to other factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, factors, many of which are outside of our control and are difficult to predict, that may cause our quarterly or annual operating results to fluctuate include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the size, product mix, and timing of orders for our products, and their installation and integration and whether our estimates for the same were proper; 
 our ability to successfully install our products on a timely basis and meet other contractual obligations necessary to recognize revenue; 
 fluctuations in customer demand for our products, including due to changes in our customers budgets, and whether customer demand was properly estimated; 
 our ability to control costs, including operating expenses, and continue cost reduction efforts, such as our restructuring initiative; 
 changes in pricing policies by us or our competitors; 
 the number, timing, and significance of product enhancements and new product announcements by us or our competitors; 
 the timing and significance of any acquisition or business development transactions that we may consider or negotiate and the revenues, costs, and earnings that may be associated with these transactions; 
 the relative proportions of revenues we derive from products and services; 
 our ability to generate cash from our accounts receivable on a timely basis; 
 changes in, and our ability to successfully execute on, our business strategy; and 
 macroeconomic and political conditions, including fluctuations in interest rates, tax increases, availability of credit markets, and trade and tariff actions. 
 Due to all of these factors, our quarterly or annual revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate, which in turn may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
 If financial or industry analysts have difficulty understanding the changes to our business model, or we fail to meet (or significantly exceed) our publicly announced financial guidance, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 We are transitioning to focus on a subscription-based business model, which industry or financial analysts that publish reports about our business, may not have historically reflected, or may not accurately reflect in the future. As a result, analysts ability to accurately forecast our results may be negatively impacted and it may be more likely that we fail to meet their 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 estimates. As a result, if our financial results fail to meet (or significantly exceed) our publicly announced financial guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, analysts could downgrade our common stock or publish unfavorable research that could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline, potentially significantly. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or harm our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We may seek additional capital through a variety of means, including through private and public equity offerings and debt financings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, entering into licensing arrangements, or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds from third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 
 If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing when needed, our ability to market, sell, or distribute our products and/or fund our operations may be negatively impacted and could harm our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law may discourage, delay, or prevent an acquisition of us and limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for certain disputes. 
 Certain anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and our charter documents may make a change in control of our Company more difficult, even if a change in control would be beneficial to the stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders meetings may only be called by our Board of Directors. Our bylaws provide that stockholders may not take action by written consent, and require that stockholders comply with advance notice procedures to nominate director candidates for election or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of our stockholders. Delaware law also prohibits corporations from engaging in a business combination with any holders of 15 or more of their capital stock until the holder has held the stock for three years unless, among other possibilities, our Board of Directors approves the transaction. Our Board of Directors may use these provisions to prevent changes in the management and control of our Company. Also, under applicable Delaware law, our Board of Directors may adopt additional anti-takeover measures in the future including, without limitation, a stockholder rights plan. 
 In addition, our bylaws also establish the Delaware Court of Chancery as the exclusive forum for certain legal actions, including certain stockholder disputes, and establish the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Notes 
 Conversion of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders, depress the price of our common stock or, if the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders on or after May 15, 2025 and, in certain circumstances, prior to May 15, 2025. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 10.2751 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. On December 13, 2021, we made an irrevocable election under the Indenture to require the principal portion of our Notes to be settled in cash (up to 1,000 in cash per 1,000 principal amount of Notes) and any conversion consideration in excess of 1,000, in cash and/or shares of our common stock, at our option, upon conversion. The conversion of some or all of the Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. As we have the option to settle the excess of the principal amount in shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling of our common stock by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or the anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Following our irrevocable election, only the shares of common stock expected to be settled in excess of the principal amount are considered dilutive for calculating earnings per share under the if-converted method. Accordingly, as the price of our common stock increases, our diluted earnings per share could be adversely affected. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to May 15, 2025, if a circumstance that permits early conversion occurs, holders of the Notes will be entitled to convert their Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, none of the conditional conversion features of the Notes were triggered, and therefore, the Notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2023, commencing on January 1, 2023, but the notes may be convertible in the future. 
 If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, we will be required to settle at least the principal amount of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash (up to 1,000 in cash per 1,000 principal amount of Notes), which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, as a result of the irrevocable election, in periods when the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, we must reclassify all of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which could result in a material reduction of our net working capital during those periods. 
 The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock. 
 In connection with the offering of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with an affiliate of one of the initial purchasers of the Notes and certain other financial institutions (the option counterparties ). We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be. However, the warrant transactions separately have, and could continue to have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants. In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so in connection with any conversion of the Notes or redemption or repurchase of the Notes), which could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 Changes in the credit quality of the option counterparties may affect the efficacy of our hedge and warrant transactions. By entering into the hedge and warrant transactions, we are subject to the risk that the option counterparties may incur significant financial hardships, potentially resulting in their default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances that the hedge or warrant transactions will have the intended effects or as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Changes in our tax rates, exposure to additional tax liabilities, or the adoption of new tax legislation could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: changes in the mix of earnings with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in federal, state, and international tax laws or their interpretation, adjustments to income tax expense upon the finalization of tax returns, changes in tax attributes, or changes in accounting principles. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. We are also subject to examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be a material difference between the forecasted and the accrued effective tax rates, especially due to the volatility and uncertainty of global economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Any increase in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm attesting to the effectiveness of internal control. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. Should that occur, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 prevent fraud, or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. In addition, our failure to timely file our periodic reports could eventually result in the delisting of our common stock, regulatory sanctions from the SEC, and/or the breach of the terms contained in our credit facility, or any preferred equity or debt securities we may issue in the future, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our operations and your investment in our common stock. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are currently no unresolved issues with respect to any SEC staff s written comments. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters are located in a leased facility in Santa Clara, California. The following is a list of our material leased facilities and their primary functions: 
 Site Major Activity Approximate Square Footage St. Petersburg, Florida Administration, marketing, research and development, sales, and manufacturing 167,700 Warrendale, Pennsylvania Manufacturing and research and development 107,400 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania Administration, marketing, research and development, sales, technical support, and training 89,550 Irlam, United Kingdom Administration, sales, marketing, and distribution center 61,000 Milpitas, California Manufacturing 46,300 Waukegan, Illinois Technical services, support, training, and repair center 38,500 Fort Worth, Texas Administration, sales, marketing, and research and development 34,400 Santa Clara, California Administration, marketing, and research and development 32,492 Bochum, Germany Administration, sales, marketing, distribution, and manufacturing center 19,000 
 We also have smaller rented facilities in Boston, Massachusetts; Strongsville, Ohio; Austin, Texas; Houston, Texas; Grapevine, Texas; New York, New York; Germany; France; Italy; the People s Republic of China; the United Arab Emirates; Australia; and the United Kingdom. 
 We believe that these facilities are sufficient for our current operational needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate expansion of our operations, if necessary. 
 For additional information regarding our obligations pursuant to operating leases, refer to Note 13, Lessee Leases , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Refer to the information set forth under Legal Proceedings in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol OMCL. 
 Stockholders 
 There were 76 registered stockholders of record as of February 22, 2023. A substantially greater number of stockholders are beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently expect to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares total stockholder returns for Omnicell s common stock for the past five years to three indexes: the NASDAQ Composite Index, the NASDAQ Health Care Index, and the NASDAQ Health Services Index. The graph assumes 100 was invested in each of Omnicell s common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index, the NASDAQ Health Care Index, and the NASDAQ Health Services Index as of the market close on December 31, 2017. The total return for Omnicell s common stock and for each index assumes the reinvestment of all dividends, although cash dividends have never been declared on Omnicell s common stock, and is based on the returns of the component companies weighted according to their capitalization as of the end of each annual period. 
 The NASDAQ Composite Index tracks the aggregate price performance of equity securities traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market. The NASDAQ Health Care Index and NASDAQ Health Services Index tracks the aggregate price performance of healthcare and health services equity securities. Omnicell s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and is a component of both indexes. The stock price performance shown on the graph is based on historical results and should not be relied upon as an indication of future price performance. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1) (2) 
 Among Omnicell, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, the NASDAQ Health Care Index, and 
 the NASDAQ Health Services Index 
 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 (2) This section is not deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Omnicell, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Omnicell, Inc. 100.00 126.27 168.49 247.46 372.04 103.96 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 NASDAQ Health Care 100.00 83.86 92.88 118.12 106.27 79.91 NASDAQ Health Services 100.00 136.52 208.19 343.37 256.81 166.30 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 389,300 shares of our common stock under the repurchase programs at an average price of 134.11 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 52.2 million. Refer to Note 16, Stock Repurchase Programs , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements based upon our current expectations and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise stated, references in this Annual Report to particular years or quarters refer to our fiscal year and the associated quarters of those fiscal years. 
 We have elected to omit discussion of the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented. Such omitted discussion can be found under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, located in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Omnicell, a leader in transforming the pharmacy care delivery model, is committed to solving the critical challenges inherent in medication management and elevating the role of clinicians within healthcare as an essential component of care delivery. Omnicell is focused on not only helping its customers optimize medication management in each setting of care, but also placing the patient at the center and helping its customers optimize medication management across all care settings from inpatient to outpatient. We are doing so with an industry-leading medication management intelligent infrastructure to equip and empower pharmacists and pharmacies with the ability to focus on clinical care rather than administrative tasks. This intelligent infrastructure provides the critical foundation for customers to realize the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, a vision defined by pharmacy leaders for improving operational efficiencies and ultimately targeting zero-error medication management. 
 Facilities worldwide use our automation and analytics solutions to increase operational efficiency, reduce medication errors, deliver actionable intelligence, and improve patient safety. Institutional and retail pharmacies across North America and the United Kingdom leverage our innovative medication adherence and population health solutions to improve patient engagement and adherence to prescriptions, helping to reduce costly hospital readmissions. We sell our product and consumable solutions together with related service offerings. Revenues generated in the United States represented 90 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Over the past several years, our business has expanded from a single-point solution to a platform of products and services that will help to further advance the industry vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy. This expansion has resulted in larger deal sizes across multiple products, services, and implementations for customers and, we believe, more comprehensive, valuable, and enduring relationships. As our business evolves, we continue to evaluate the metrics and methods we use to measure the success of our business. 
 We utilize bookings as an indicator of the success of our business. We define bookings generally as: (i) the value of non-cancelable contracts f or our connected devices, software products, and Advanced Services (although, for those Advanced Services contracts without a minimum commitment, bookings only include the amount of revenue that has been recognized once the services have been provided); and (ii) for our consumables, the value of orders placed through our Omnicell Storefront online platform or through written or telephonic orders. We typically exclude technical services and other less significant items ancillary to our products and services, such as freight revenue from bookings. As noted, the portfolio of products, solutions and services we offer has evolved. As a result, the ordering process for certain of our solutions has also evolved. For example, orders for certain of our solutions may not include a purchase order. Connected devices and software license bookings are recorded as revenue upon customer acceptance of the installation or receipt of goods. Revenues from Advanced Services bookings are recorded over the contractual term. Bookings decreased by 13 , from 1.217 billion in 2021 to 1.054 billion in 2022, primarily driven by reduced demand for connected devices, partially offset by strong demand for Advanced Services offerings and the impact of acquisitions. 
 We generally provide installation planning and consulting as part of most connected device product sales, which is typically included in the initial price of the solution. To help ensure the maximum availability of our systems, our customers typically purchase technical services contracts (maintenance and support) in increments of one to five years. In addition to connected device product sales, we provide a range of services to our customers. We also provide Advanced Services such as Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service (service portion), IV Compounding Service (service portion), EnlivenHealth, Specialty 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Pharmacy Services, 340B solutions, Inventory Optimization Service, and other software solutions, which typically are provided over 2-7 years. 
 The following table summarizes each revenue category: 
 Revenue Category 
 Revenue Type 
 Income Statement Classification 
 Included in Bookings Connected devices, software licenses, and other 
 Nonrecurring 
 Product 
 Yes (1) 
 Consumables 
 Recurring 
 Product 
 Yes Technical services 
 Recurring 
 Service 
 No 
 Advanced Services (2) (3) 
 Recurring 
 Service 
 Yes _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Certain other insignificant revenue streams ancillary to our products and services, such as freight revenue, are not included in bookings. 
 (2) Includes Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service (service portion), IV Compounding Service (service portion), EnlivenHealth, Specialty Pharmacy Services, 340B solutions, Inventory Optimization Service, and other software solutions. 
 (3) For those Advanced Services contracts without a minimum commitment, bookings only include the amount of revenue that has been recognized once the services have been provided. 
 Our full-time employee headcount was approximately 4,230 on December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 430 employees since December 31, 2021. In November 2022, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce our global workforce across a majority of our functions affecting approximately 350 employees. The majority of employees impacted by this restructuring event were included in our headcount as of December 31, 2022 with termination dates in early 2023. 
 Operating Segments 
 We manage our operations as a single segment for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. The CODM allocates resources and evaluates the performance of Omnicell at the consolidated level using information about our revenues, gross profit, income from operations, and other key financial data. All significant operating decisions are based upon an analysis of Omnicell as one operating segment, which is the same as our reporting segment. 
 Business Strategy 
 The U.S. spent a total of 577 billion on prescription drugs that accounted for 14 of National Health Expenditures in 2021, and prescription drugs impact the vast majority of patients in virtually all settings of care. We believe there are significant challenges facing the practice of pharmacy today including, but not limited to, labor shortages, medication errors, drug shortages, medication loss due to drug diversion, significant medication waste and expiration costs, a high level of manual processes, complexity around compliance requirements, high healthcare worker turnover rates affecting tenure and expertise, hospitalizations from adverse drug events in outpatient settings, high variability in outcomes, and limited inventory visibility. Each of these challenges can translate into a major economic impact for hospitals and health systems. We believe that these significant challenges to the practice of pharmacy drive demand for increased digitization, visibility, and insights that our solutions enable, and that our solutions therefore present large opportunities. 
 In an effort to address these challenges and deliver solutions to help drive positive medication management outcomes, we believe a combination of technology, expertise and intelligence is needed in each care setting and across the entire continuum of care. We are focused on delivering solutions to help drive these medication management outcomes with outstanding customer experience through a mature channel in four market categories: 
 Point of Care. As a market leader, we expect to continue expansion into this product market as customers increase use of our dispensing systems in more areas within their hospitals. Should labor shortages continue to challenge the delivery of healthcare services, we believe that deploying solutions and workflows that are intended to save nursing time is essential. We are more than halfway through the replacement, upgrade, and expansion cycle of older models of automated dispensing systems with our XT Series within our customer base, which we believe remains a significant market opportunity. We have been successful in market expansion through competitive conversions and we expect this success to continue. We also believe there is an opportunity for us to expand the offering and define a new standard for dispensing systems in perioperative settings. We believe our current solutions within the Point of Care market and new innovation and services will continue to help customers drive improved outcomes. 
 Central Pharmacy and IV Compounding. This market represents the beginning of the medication management process in acute care settings, and, we believe, it is a significant automation opportunity for high volumes of manual, 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 repetitive, and error-prone processes that are often common in pharmacies today. Manual medication dispensing processes are usually labor intensive, error-prone, and may lead to excess medication waste and expirations for our healthcare partners. Automating the central pharmacy dispensing process should enable customers to reallocate pharmacy labor, enhance dispensing accuracy and patient safety, and reduce medication waste and expirations. Likewise, the manual compounding of sterile IV preparations can be error-prone and create significant patient safety risks, and outsourcing sterile IV compounding could lead to increased medication costs. As a result, we believe IV automation provides a significant opportunity to enhance patient safety and reduce costs. Because adoption of our Central Pharmacy and IV automation solution is still nascent, we believe that the implementation of new solutions (as well as upgrading older technology) will be accelerated by combining technology, expertise, and intelligence into a comprehensive offering that is designed to deliver improved outcomes. We anticipate that these bundled solutions will become more critical as health systems continue to face labor shortages, increased financial pressure, and supply chain disruptions. 
 Specialty Pharmacy and 340B Program. We believe that health systems will invest in more revenue-generating activities that are intended to improve patient outcomes by utilizing specialty pharmacies and the 340B Drug Pricing Program, which allow hospitals and health systems to stretch federal resources and expand patient access to healthcare by requiring manufacturers participating in Medicaid to sell outpatient drugs at discounted prices to healthcare organizations. Specialty drugs are used for treatment of complex conditions and often require intensive patient management and specialized workflows for dispensing and care coordination. Specialty medications are projected to account for 60 of U.S. total spending on medications, with total spending projected to be approximately 420 billion in 2025. Specialty pharm acies serve as the connection between patients, prescribing physicians, and payers and work to streamline access and adherence to these specialty drugs. We believe a solution that addresses start-up and managed services for health systems that is designed to optimize their specialty pharmacy programs and the related pharmaceutical aspects of patient care will help ensure continuity of care and should contribute to the revenue and profitability of those organizations. We believe that a fully optimized specialty pharmacy operation represents one of the largest economic opportunities for hospitals and health systems. 
 Retail, Institutional, and Payer. We believe the Retail, Institutional, and Payer market represents a significant opportunity as healthcare evolves. A majority of all prescription drugs are distributed in the non-acute sector. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the shift of certain primary care from hospitals and physician offices to other, more convenient settings, such as retail pharmacies and the home (including through telehealth technologies). New technologies and updated state board regulations appear to be spurring innovation by retail pharmacies, which, combined with the move to value-based care, we believe will drive the adoption of solutions that are intended to help providers and payers engage patients in new ways that improve patient care, reduce the total cost of care, and lead to more profitable operations. Because of the complexity of relationships between payers and providers, as well as the large number of retail pharmacies, including a significant number of independent pharmacies, we believe a network of established relationships between payers, providers and pharmacies will also be important. 
 COVID-19 Update 
 We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing impacts on the Company. At the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, many health systems faced financial and operational pressures which we believe led our customers to delay or defer purchasing decisions and/or implementation of our solutions. However, it currently appears that the COVID-19 pandemic is no longer directly impacting our customers buying patterns. We believe that the challenges our customers have faced during the COVID-19 pandemic, including the need for robust visibility throughout their pharmacy supply chains, have increased the strategic relevance of our products and services. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and there remains uncertainty regarding the continuing impact of the pandemic, including the impact of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, on the U.S. and world economies, as well as on our business. We continue to monitor this dynamic situation and may adjust our outlook as appropriate. The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting increased economic and demand uncertainty, may adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flow, financial condition, and liquidity (including increased borrowing costs or other costs of capital). However, under current circumstances, we believe that our financial position and resources will allow us to manage the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business for the foreseeable future. 
 Ransomware Incident 
 On May 4, 2022, we determined that certain of our information technology systems were affected by ransomware impacting certain internal systems. Upon detecting the security event, we took immediate steps designed to contain the incident and implement our business continuity plans to restore and support continued operations. We have contained the incident and restored substantially all of our critical information technology systems. As a result of the ransomware incident, (i) invoicing 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 was delayed, which impacted the timing of cash collections and free cash flow within the year, and (ii) we experienced customer implementation delays during the year as we recovered from the impacts of the ransomware incident. Substantially all delayed implementations due to the ransomware incident have been completed as of the end of the year. Furthermore, any delayed or impacted processes have returned to normal operations. We do not believe the security event will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flow, or financial condition. 
 Acquisitions 
 On January 10, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Hub and Spoke Innovations Limited Hub and Spoke Innovations ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and among Omnicell Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Hub and Spoke Innovations Limited, and certain beneficial stockholders specified therein for a base purchase price of 2.5 million (approximately 3.4 million based on the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date), prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The Hub and Spoke Innovations acquisition is expected to complement Omnicell s total solution technology portfolio for retail pharmacy in the United Kingdom to help pharmacies improve workflows, offer patients 24/7 access to their medications and provide enhanced patient care. The results of the operations of Hub and Spoke Innovations have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning January 10, 2022. 
 On December 31, 2021, we completed the acquisition of MarkeTouch Media pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and among ateb, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), MarkeTouch Media, LLC, MarkeTouch Holdings, Inc., Toucan Enterprises, Inc., and certain beneficial stockholders specified therein for a base purchase price of 82.0 million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The MarkeTouch Media acquisition adds mobile and web-based technology and patient engagement solutions, which is expected to expand the footprint of EnlivenHealth across the retail pharmacy sector, while enhancing potential growth opportunities in new market segments like specialty pharmacy and pharmacy benefits management. The results of the operations of MarkeTouch Media have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning December 31, 2021. 
 On December 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of ReCept Holdings, Inc., ReCept ), which was subsequently renamed Omnicell Specialty Pharmacy Services, Inc., pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 1, 2021, by and among Omnicell, Inc., ReCept Holdings, Inc., Redfish Acquisition Corp, and the representative of the securityholders for a base purchase price of 100.0 million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The addition of ReCept s specialty pharmacy management services, now a part of the Company s Specialty Pharmacy Services, for health systems, provider groups, and federally qualified health centers expands Omnicell s Advanced Services portfolio in an effort to address the growing and complex specialty pharmacy market. The results of the operations of ReCept have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning December 29, 2021. 
 On September 9, 2021, we completed the acquisition of FDS Amplicare pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 25, 2021, by and among RxInnovation Inc., Omnicell, Inc., Fleming Acquisition Corp., and the representative of the securityholders for a base purchase price of 177.0 million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The FDS Amplicare acquisition adds a comprehensive and complementary suite of SaaS financial management, analytics, and population health solutions to our EnlivenHealth offering. The results of the operations of FDS Amplicare have been included in our consolidated results of operations beginning September 9, 2021. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We regularly review our estimates and assumptions, which are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. We believe the following critical accounting policies are affected by significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 We earn revenues from sales of our products and related services, which are sold in the healthcare industry, our principal market. 
 Prior to recognizing revenue, we identify the contract, performance obligations, and transaction price, and allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations. All identified contracts meet the following required criteria: 
 Parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations. A majority of our contracts are evidenced by a non-cancelable written agreement. Contracts for consumable products are generally evidenced by an order placed via phone or a purchase order. 
 Entity can identify each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred . Contract terms are documented within the written agreements. Where a written contract does not exist, such as for consumable products, the rights of each party are understood as following our standard business process and terms. 
 The entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred . Payment terms are documented within the agreement and are generally net 30 to 60 days from shipment of tangible product or services performed for customers in the United States. Where a written contract does not exist, our standard payment terms are net 30 day terms. 
 The contract has commercial substance (that is the risk, timing, or amount of the entity s future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract). Our agreements are an exchange of cash for a combination of products and services which result in changes in the amount of our future cash flows. 
 It is probable the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer . We perform a credit check for all significant customers or transactions and where collectability is not probable, payment in full or a substantial down payment prior to shipment is typically required to help ensure the full agreed upon contract price will be collected. 
 Distinct goods or services are identified as performance obligations. A series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer are considered a single performance obligation. Where a good or service is determined not to be distinct, we combine the good or service with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services that is distinct is identified. To identify our performance obligations, we consider all products or services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. When performance obligations are included in separate contracts, we consider an entire customer arrangement to determine if separate contracts should be considered combined for the purposes of revenue recognition. Most of our sales, other than renewals of support and maintenance, contain multiple performance obligations, with a combination of hardware systems, software products, consumables, support and maintenance, and professional services. 
 The transaction price of a contract is determined based on the fixed consideration, net of an estimate for variable consideration such as various discounts or rebates provided to customers. As a result of our commercial selling practices, contract prices are generally fixed with minimal, if any, variable consideration. 
 The transaction price is allocated to separate performance obligations proportionally based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. Standalone selling price is best evidenced by the price we charge for the good or service when selling it separately in similar circumstances to similar customers. Other than for the renewal of annual support services contracts, our products and services are not generally sold separately. We use an amount discounted from the list price as a best estimated selling price. 
 We recognize revenue when the performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. The good or service is transferred when or as the customer obtains control of the good or service. Determining when control transfers requires management to make judgments that affect the timing of revenues recognized. Generally, for products requiring a complex implementation, control passes when the product is installed and ready for use. For all other products, control generally passes when product has been shipped and title has passed. For maintenance contracts and certain other services, including Advanced Services provided on a subscription basis, control passes to the customer over time, generally ratably over the service term as we provide a stand-ready service for the customer s equipment. Time and material services transfer control to the customer at the time the services are provided. The portion of the transaction price allocated to our unsatisfied performance obligations are recorded as deferred revenues. 
 Revenues, contract assets, and contract liabilities are recorded net of associated taxes. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we enter into change orders which modify the product to be received by the customer pursuant to certain contracts. Changes to any contract are accounted for as a modification of the existing contract to the extent the goods and services to be delivered as part of the contract are generally consistent with the nature and type of those to be provided under the terms of the original contract. Examples of such change orders include the addition or removal of units of equipment or changes to the configuration of the equipment where the overall nature of the contract remains intact. Our change orders generally result in the change being accounted for as modifications of existing contracts given the nature of the impacted orders. 
 In the normal course of business, we typically do not accept product returns unless the item is defective as manufactured or the configuration of the product is incorrect. We establish provisions for estimated returns based on historical product returns. The allowance for sales returns is not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements for any periods presented. 
 Lessor Leases 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The transaction price is allocated to separate performance obligations, generally consisting of a combination of hardware systems, software products, support and maintenance, and professional services, proportionally based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. Standalone selling price is best evidenced by the price we charge for the good or service when selling it separately in similar circumstances to similar customers. Other than for the renewal of annual support services contracts, our products and services are not generally sold separately. We use an amount discounted from the list price as a best estimated selling price. 
 Sales-Type Leases 
 We enter into non-cancelable sales-type lease arrangements, most of which do not have an option to extend the lease term. At the end of the lease term, the customer must either return the equipment or negotiate a new agreement, resulting in a new purchase or lease transaction. Failure of the customer to either return the equipment or negotiate a new agreement results in the contract becoming a month-to-month rental. Certain sales-type leases automatically renew for successive one-year periods at the end of each lease term without written notice from the customer. Our sales-type lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees. 
 For sales-type leases, we recognize revenues for our hardware and software products, net of lease execution costs, post-installation product maintenance, and technical support, at the net present value of the lease payment stream upon customer acceptance. We recognize service revenues associated with sales-type leases ratably over the term of the agreement in service revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We recognize interest income from sales-type leases using the effective interest method. Both hardware and software revenues, and interest income from sales-types leases are recorded in product revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We optimize cash flows by selling a majority of our non-U.S. government sales-type leases, other than Advanced Services sales-type leases, to third-party leasing finance companies on a non-recourse basis. We have no obligation to the leasing company once the lease has been sold. Some of our sales-type leases, mostly those relating to U.S. government hospitals, and those associated with financed service contracts related to certain Advanced Services products, including Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service and IV Compounding Service, are retained in-house. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We are exposed to credit losses primarily through sales of our products and services, as well as our sales-type leasing arrangements. We perform credit evaluations of our customers financial condition in order to assess each customer s ability to pay. These evaluations require significant judgment and are based on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, current economic trends, payment history, and a financial review of the customer. We continue to monitor customers creditworthiness on an ongoing basis. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, and net investment in sales-type leases based on expected credit losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. The allowance for credit losses is measured using a loss rate method, considering factors such as customers credit risk, historical loss experience, current conditions, and forecasts. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis by aggregating customer balances with similar risk characteristics. We also record a specific allowance based on an analysis of individual past due balances or customer-specific information, such as a decline in creditworthiness or bankruptcy. Actual collection losses may differ from management s estimates, and such differences could be material to our financial position and results of operations. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method, and net realizable value. Inbound shipping costs are included in cost of inventory. We regularly monitor inventory quantities on hand and record write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based on our estimate of demand for our products, potential obsolescence of technology, product life cycles, and whether pricing trends or forecasts indicate that the carrying value of inventory exceeds its estimated selling price. These factors are impacted by market and economic conditions, technology changes, and new product introductions and require estimates that may include elements that are uncertain. Actual demand may differ from forecasted demand and may have a material effect on gross margins. If inventory is written down, a new cost basis is established that cannot be increased in future periods. Shipments from suppliers or contract manufacturers before we receive them are recorded as in-transit inventory when title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership have passed to us. 
 Software Development Costs for Internal Use 
 We capitalize costs related to computer software developed or obtained for internal use in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . Software developed or obtained for internal use includes certain costs for the development of our subscription and cloud-based offerings sold to customers, as well as enterprise-level business and finance software customized to meet specific operational needs. Costs incurred in the application development phase are capitalized and amortized over their useful lives, which is generally five years. Costs recognized in the preliminary project phase and the post-implementation phase are expensed as incurred. 
 Software Development Costs for External Use 
 We capitalize certain software development costs in accordance with ASC 985-20, Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed , under which those costs incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility may be capitalized and amortized over the estimated lives of the related products. We establish technological feasibility when we complete a detail program design or a working model. We amortize development costs over the estimated lives of the related products, which is generally five years. All development costs prior to the completion of a detail program design or a working model are recognized as research and development expense. 
 Lessee Leases 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our lease contracts do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We do not recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. We elected the practical expedient to not separate lease components from nonlease components and applied that practical expedient to all material classes of leased assets. 
 Many of our operating leases include an option to extend the lease. The specific terms and conditions of the extension options vary from lease to lease, but are consistent with standard industry practices in each area that we operate. We review each of our lease options at a time required by the terms of the lease contract, and notify the lessor if we choose to exercise the lease renewal option. Until we are reasonably certain that we will extend the lease contract, the renewal option periods will not be recognized as right-of-use assets or lease liabilities. 
 Certain leases include provisions for early termination, which allow the contract parties to terminate their obligations under the lease contract. The terms and conditions of the termination options vary by contract. When we have made a decision to exercise an early termination option, the right-of-use assets and associated lease liabilities are remeasured in accordance with the present value of the remaining cash flows under the lease contract. 
 Certain building lease agreements include rental payments subject to change annually based on fluctuations in various indexes (i.e ., Consumer Price Index CPI ), Retail Price Index, and other international indexes). Certain data center lease agreements include rental payments subject to change based on usage and CPI fluctuations. The changes based on usage and indexes are treated as variable lease costs and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. 
 Business Combinations 
 We use the acquisition method of accounting under ASC 805, Business Combinations . Each acquired company s operating results are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements starting on the acquisition date. The purchase price is equivalent to the fair value of consideration transferred. Tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 assumed as of the acquisition date are recorded at the acquisition date fair value. Goodwill is recognized for the excess of purchase price over the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Amounts allocated to assets and liabilities are based upon fair values. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to the identifiable intangible assets. Management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable and that of a market participant. These estimates are based on available historical information as well as future expectations, and the estimates are inherently uncertain. The separately identifiable intangible assets generally include customer relationships, acquired technology, backlog, trade names, and non-compete agreements. 
 Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill 
 We assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis on the first day of the fourth quarter of each year at the reporting unit level. This assessment is also performed whenever there is a change in circumstances that indicates the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. We have one reporting unit, which is the same as our operating segment. A qualitative assessment is initially made to determine whether it is necessary to perform quantitative testing. A qualitative assessment includes, among others, consideration of: (i) past, current, and projected future earnings and equity; (ii) recent trends and market conditions; and (iii) valuation metrics involving similar companies that are publicly-traded and acquisitions of similar companies, if available. If this qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that impairment exists, or if we decide to bypass this option, we proceed to the quantitative assessment. The quantitative assessment involves a comparison between the estimated fair value of our reporting unit with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, we will record an impairment charge based on that difference. The impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill. 
 To determine the reporting unit s fair value under the quantitative approach, we use a combination of income and market approaches, such as estimated discounted future cash flows of the reporting unit, multiples of earnings or revenues, and analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable entities. We also consider our market capitalization on the date of the analysis to ensure the reasonableness of our reporting unit s fair value. 
 Intangible Assets 
 In connection with our acquisitions, we generally recognize assets for customer relationships, acquired technology, backlog, trade names, and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Such amortization is provided on a straight-line basis or on an accelerated basis based on a pattern of economic benefit that is expected to be obtained over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Amortization for acquired technology and backlog is recognized in cost of revenues, and amortization for customer relationships, trade names, non-compete agreements, and patents is recognized in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 We assess the impairment of identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured by the comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of the undiscounted estimated future cash flows the asset is expected to generate, offset by estimated future costs to dispose of the product to which the asset relates. If an asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of such impairment would be measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value. Our cash flow assumptions are based on historical and forecasted future revenue, operating costs, and other relevant factors. Assumptions and estimates about the remaining useful lives of our intangible assets are subjective and are affected by changes to our business strategies. If management s estimates of future operating results change, or if there are changes to other assumptions, the estimate of the fair value of our assets could change significantly. Such change could result in impairment charges in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Valuation of Share-Based Compensation 
 We account for share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Stock Compensation . We recognize compensation expense related to share-based compensation based on the grant date estimated fair value. 
 The fair value of stock options options on the grant date is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the following inputs: expected life, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield rate, exercise price, and closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. The expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and market-based implied volatility, and the expected life of the awards is based on our historical experience of employee stock option exercises, including forfeitures. Expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs and restricted stock awards RSAs is based on the stock price on the grant date. The RSUs and RSAs are subject to a service vesting condition and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 The fair value of performance-based stock unit awards PSUs with service and market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model applying a multiple awards approach. Expense is recognized when it is probable that the performance condition will be met using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period. 
 Forfeiture rates are estimated based on our historical experience with equity awards that were granted and forfeited prior to vesting. The valuation assumptions used in estimating the fair value of employee share-based awards may change in future periods. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We record an income tax provision for (benefit from) the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, the provision for (benefit from) income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates in effect for the periods in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. In the event that these tax rates change, we will incur a benefit or detriment on our income tax expense in the period of enactment. If we were to determine that all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will record a valuation allowance that would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. 
 In accordance with ASC 740, we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of ASC 740 and complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Recently Issued Authoritative Guidance 
 Refer to Recently Issued Authoritative Guidance in Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Total Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Product revenues 903,222 812,512 90,710 11 Percentage of total revenues 70 72 Services and other revenues 392,725 319,506 73,219 23 Percentage of total revenues 30 28 Total revenues 1,295,947 1,132,018 163,929 14 
 Product revenues represented 70 and 72 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Product revenues increased by 90.7 million, due to increased customer demand, primarily within our automated dispensing systems business, as well as increased revenues from our IV Compounding Service and Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service. 
 Services and other revenues represented 30 and 28 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Services and other revenues include revenues from technical services and Advanced Services offerings. Services and other revenues increased by 73.2 million, primarily due to growth in our Advanced Services, including 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 incremental Advanced Services revenues from our recent acquisitions of FDS Amplicare, ReCept, and MarkeTouch Media. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenues from 340B solutions primarily due to impacts from decreasing provider utilization of the 340B program as a result of recent drug manufacturer actions. 
 Our international sales represented 10 of total revenues for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are expected to be affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We are unable to predict the extent to which revenues in future periods will be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Our ability to continue to grow revenues is dependent on our ability to continue to obtain orders from customers, which may be dependent upon customers capital equipment budgets and/or capital equipment approval cycles, our ability to produce quality products and consumables to fulfill customer demand, the volume of installations we are able to complete, our ability to meet customer needs by providing a quality installation experience, our ability to develop new or enhance existing solutions, and our flexibility in workforce allocations among customers to complete installations on a timely basis. The timing of our product revenues for equipment is primarily dependent on when our customers schedules and/or staffing levels allow for installations. 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit 
 Cost of revenues is primarily comprised of three general categories: (i) standard product costs which account for the majority of the product cost of revenues that are provided to customers, and are inclusive of purchased material, labor to build the product, and overhead costs associated with production; (ii) costs of providing services and installation costs, including costs of personnel and other expenses; and (iii) other costs, including variances in standard costs and overhead, scrap costs, rework, warranty, provisions for excess and obsolete inventory, and amortization of software development costs and intangibles. 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Cost of revenues: Cost of product revenues 493,626 422,855 70,771 17 As a percentage of related revenues 55 52 Cost of services and other revenues 213,334 154,510 58,824 38 As a percentage of related revenues 54 48 Total cost of revenues 706,960 577,365 129,595 22 As a percentage of total revenues 55 51 Gross profit 588,987 554,653 34,334 6 Gross margin 45 49 
 Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 129.6 million, of which 70.8 million was attributed to the increase in cost of product revenues and 58.8 million was attributed to the increase in cost of services and other revenues. 
 The increase in cost of product revenues was primarily driven by the increase in product revenues of 90.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was also driven by inventory-related costs due to inflationary impacts, higher employee-related and travel expenses due to increased headcount, as well as an increase in employee-related expenses for restructuring initiatives. This increase was partially offset by the benefits associated with economies of scale due to higher volumes during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The increase in cost of services and other revenues was primarily driven by the increase in services and other revenues of 73.2 million, including incremental revenues from our recent acquisitions, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The cost of service and other revenues grew at a faster pace than our service and other revenues primarily due to additional investments in our service business to support new service solutions, the impact of lower 340B solutions revenues, and the mix of service revenues recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The overall decrease in gross margin primarily relates to additional investments in our business, including our service solutions, the impact of lower 340B solutions revenues, and the mix of service revenues recognized in the quarter, as well as inflationary impacts on inventory-related costs and higher employee-related and travel expenses. The decrease is partially offset 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 by higher revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to increased customer demand as well as benefits associated with economies of scale due to higher volumes. Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 589.0 million, as compared to 554.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating Expenses and Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development 104,969 75,716 29,253 39 As a percentage of total revenues 8 7 Selling, general, and administrative 486,341 389,430 96,911 25 As a percentage of total revenues 38 34 Total operating expenses 591,310 465,146 126,164 27 As a percentage of total revenues 46 41 Interest and other income (expense), net (130) (23,500) 23,370 (99) 
 Research and Development. Research and development expenses increased by 29.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributed to an increase in employee-related expenses of approximately 19.6 million due to increased headcount to support the continued development of our intelligent infrastructure and incremental headcount from recent acquisitions, as well as an increase of 3.5 million in employee-related expenses for restructuring initiatives. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative . Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by 96.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of approximately 42.4 million in em ployee-related expenses primarily related to increased headcount, including the incremental headcount from recent acquisitions, as well as an increase o f 9.6 million in employee-related expenses for restructuring initiatives. The increase was also driven by an increase in spending on travel and meetings of 7.6 million, an increase in intangible asset amortization expense of 7.0 million, an i ncrease in shipping and handling costs of 6.4 million, an increase in consulting expens es of 3.5 million, an in crease in spendi ng on software of 4.1 million, an increase in trade show expenses of 4.0 million, and increases in other operating expenses. In addition, we incurred impairment and abandonment charges to operating lease right-of-use assets of 9.4 million and ransomware-related expenses, net of insurance recoveries, of 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 10.6 million in acquisition related expenses. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net. Interest and other income (expense), net, changed by 23.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by a 18.1 million decrease in other expenses and a 5.3 million increase in other income. The decrease in other expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, effective January 1, 2022, which eliminated the imputed interest expense recognized on our convertible senior notes (refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information). The increase in other income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to benefits from certain arrangements outside of our normal course of business, as well as higher interest income received due to higher interest rates. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Benefit from Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Benefit from income taxes (8,101) (11,842) 3,741 (32) Effective tax rate on earnings 330 (18) 
 We recorded an income tax benefit of 8.1 million on a loss before provision for income taxes of 2.5 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 330 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 11.8 million on income before provision for income taxes of 66.0 million, which resulted in a negative effective tax rate of 18 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 annual effective tax rate differed from the statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to a favorable impact of the research and development credits, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation, and foreign-derived intangible income FDII deduction, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from non-deductible compensation charges and global intangible low-taxed income GILTI inclusion. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the ability to deduct research and development expenditures and required those expenditures to be amortized. While this change has not materially impacted our effective tax rate, the provision has impacted our cash flows and increased the amount of cash taxes we pay. 
 Refer to Note 17, Income Taxes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 330.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 349.1 million at December 31, 2021. All of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in bank accounts and money market funds held in sweep and asset management accounts with major financial institutions. 
 Our cash position and working capital at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 330,362 349,051 Working capital (deficit) (1) 
 453,366 (95,456) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) The working capital deficit balance as of December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the classification of our convertible senior notes as a current rather than long-term liability. Refer to Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.1:1 and 0.9:1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Sources of Cash 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On November 15, 2019, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as subsequently amended, as discussed below, the A R Credit Agreement with the lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citizens Bank, N.A., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. The A R Credit Agreement superseded our 2016 senior secured credit facility and provides for (a) a five-year revolving credit facility of 500.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) an uncommitted incremental loan facility of up to 250.0 million. In addition, the A R Credit Agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit of up to 15.0 million and a swing line loan sub-limit of up to 25.0 million. 
 On September 22, 2020, the parties entered into an amendment to the A R Credit Agreement to, among other changes, permit the issuance of the convertible senior notes and the purchase of the convertible note hedge transactions described below, expand our flexibility to repurchase our common stock and make other restricted payments, and replace the total net leverage covenant with a new secured net leverage covenant that required us to maintain a consolidated secured net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.50:1 for the calendar quarters ending September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, and March 31, 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 2021 and requires us to maintain a consolidated secured net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.00:1 for the calendar quarters ending thereafter. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance for the Revolving Credit Facility and we were in full compliance with all covenants. Refer to Note 10, Debt and Credit Agreement , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. We expect to use future loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, if any, for working capital, potential acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. 
 Uses of Cash 
 Our future uses of cash are expected to be primarily for working capital, capital expenditures, and other contractual obligations. We also expect a continued use of cash for potential acquisitions and acquisition-related activities, as well as repurchases of our common stock. 
 The 2016 Repurchase Program has a total of 2.7 million remaining for future repurchases as of December 31, 2022, which may result in additional use of cash. During the first quarter of 2022, the 2014 Repurchase Program was completed. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 389,300 shares of our common stock under the repurchase programs at an average price of 134.11 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 52.2 million. There were no stock repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 16, Stock Repurchase Programs , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Based on our current business plan and backlog, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, our anticipated cash flows from operations, cash generated from the exercise of employee stock options and purchases under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), along with the availability of funds under the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, and other contractual obligations for at least the next twelve months. For periods beyond the next twelve months, we also anticipate that our net operating cash flows plus existing balances of cash and cash equivalents will suffice to fund the continued growth of our business. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 77,781 231,809 Investing activities (58,669) (412,498) Financing activities (20,953) 47,363 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (944) (974) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (2,785) (134,300) 
 Operating Activities 
 We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing of other liability payments. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 77.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisting of net income of 5.6 million adjusted for non-cash items of 145.6 million, offset by changes in assets and liabilities of 73.5 million. The non-cash items primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization expense of 86.9 million, share-based compensation expense of 68.2 million, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 12.2 million, impairment and abandonment of operating lease right-of-use assets related to facilities of 9.4 million, amortization of debt issuance costs of 4.2 million, and a change in deferred income taxes of 37.3 million. Changes in assets and liabilities include cash outflows from (i) an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled receivables of 60.4 million primarily due to an increase in billings driven by overall business growth and the timing of shipments as well as collections, (ii) an increase in inventories of 30.1 million primarily to support forecasted sales, including advanced purchases of certain components, such as semiconductors, as well as higher costs of inventory and timing of shipments, (iii) an increase in investment in sales-type leases of 15.4 million primarily due to the increase in sales-type lease revenues associated with certain Advanced Services products, (iv) a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 13.8 million, (v) a decrease in accounts payables of 7.8 million primarily due to 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 an overall decrease in spending during the fourth quarter of 2022, including inventory spending, as well as timing of payments, and (vi) an increase in prepaid expenses of 4.7 million. These cash outflows were partially offset by (i) an increase in deferred revenues of 24.5 million primarily due to an increase in billings for certain service and subscription offerings, (ii) an increase in accrued liabilities of 16.7 million primarily due to an increase in taxes payable and an increase in general liabilities, (iii) a decrease in other current assets of 6.4 million, (iv) a decrease in other long-term assets of 5.0 million, (v) a decrease in prepaid commissions of 4.3 million, and (vi) an increase in accrued compensation of 2.4 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 231.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of net income of 77.8 million adjusted for non-cash items of 157.3 million, offset by changes in assets and liabilities of 3.3 million. The non-cash items primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization expense of 73.0 million, share-based compensation expense of 53.2 million, amortization of discount on convertible senior notes of 18.6 million, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 11.9 million, amortization of debt issuance costs of 3.4 million, and a change in deferred income taxes of 3.3 million. Changes in assets and liabilities include cash outflows from (i) an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled receivables of 41.0 million primarily due to an increase in billings driven by overall business growth and the timing of shipments as well as collections, (ii) an increase in inventories of 25.7 million to support forecasted sales, including advanced purchases of certain components, and higher costs of inventory, (iii) a decrease in other long-term liabilities of 14.9 million primarily due to a 6.2 million release of a certain net unrecognized tax benefit as a result of effective settlement with the tax authorities, as well as the release of deferral of certain payroll taxes related to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, (iv) a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 12.5 million, (v) an increase in prepaid commissions of 6.9 million primarily due to timing of bookings and revenue recognition due to larger deal sizes across multiple products, services, and implementations for customers, (vi) an increase in prepaid expenses of 5.7 million, and (vii) an increase in other long-term assets of 3.3 million. These cash outflows were partially offset by (i) an increase in accrued liabilities of 34.9 million primarily due to an increase in rebates and lease buyout liabilities, (ii) an increase in accounts payables of 29.1 million primarily due to an overall increase in spending, including inventory spending, as well as timing of payments, (iii) an increase in deferred revenues of 24.2 million primarily due to an increase in billings driven by the timing of shipments in order to meet customers implementation schedules and recognition of revenues for products requiring installation, (iv) an increase in accrued compensation of 12.3 million primarily due to an increase in accrued commissions, as well as timing of payroll, (v) a decrease in investment in sales-type leases of 3.3 million, and (vi) a decrease in other current assets of 2.8 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 58.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of capital expenditures of 47.5 million for property and equipment, 13.2 million for costs of software development for external use, and 3.4 million consideration paid for the acquisition of Hub and Spoke Innovations, net of cash acquired, partially offset by purchase price adjustments from business acquisitions of 5.5 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 412.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of 354.2 million consideration paid for our 2021 acquisitions, net of cash acquired, capital expenditures of 29.0 million for property and equipment, and 29.4 million for costs of software development for external use. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to 52.2 million for repurchases of our stock and 13.5 million in employees taxes paid related to restricted stock unit vesting, partially offset by 40.2 million in proceeds from employee stock option exercises and ESPP purchases and a net increase in the customer funds balances of 4.6 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 47.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to 67.3 million in proceeds from employee stock option exercises and ESPP purchases, partially offset by 16.3 million in employees taxes paid related to restricted stock unit vesting and a net decrease in the customer funds balances of 3.7 million. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Payments Due By Period Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 2028 and thereafter (In thousands) Operating leases (1) 
 57,842 13,280 21,486 15,936 7,140 Purchase obligations (2) 
 159,710 146,301 13,251 150 8 Convertible senior notes (3) 
 579,313 1,438 577,875 Total (4) 
 796,865 161,019 612,612 16,086 7,148 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Commitments under operating leases relate primarily to leased office buildings, data centers, office equipment, and vehicles. Refer to Note 13, Lessee Leases , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (2) We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. These amounts are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding. The amounts under such contracts are included in the table above because we believe that cancellation of these contracts is unlikely and we expect to make future cash payments according to the contract terms or in similar amounts for similar materials. 
 (3) We issued convertible senior notes in September 2020 that are due in September 2025. The obligations presented above include both principal and interest for these notes. Although these notes mature in 2025, they may be converted into cash and shares of our common stock prior to maturity if certain conditions are met. Any conversion prior to maturity can result in repayment of the principal amounts sooner than the scheduled repayment as indicated in the table above. Refer to Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (4) Refer to Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We operate in foreign countries which expose us to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which are the British Pound and the Euro. In order to manage foreign currency risk, at times we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate risks associated with changes in spot exchange rates of mainly non-functional currency denominated assets or liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries. In general, the market risk related to these contracts is offset by corresponding gains and losses on the hedged transactions. By working only with major banks and closely monitoring current market conditions, we seek to limit the risk that counterparties to these contracts may be unable to perform. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts. 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk through our borrowing activities. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the A R Credit Agreement, and the net carrying amount under our convertible senior notes was 566.6 million. Although our convertible senior notes are based on a fixed rate, changes in interest rates could impact the fair value of such notes. As of December 31, 2022, the fair market value of our convertible senior notes was 501.4 million. Refer to Note 5, Fair Value of Financial Instruments , and Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We have used, and in the future we may use, interest rate swap agreements to protect against adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing our exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on a portion of our outstanding debt. We do not hold or issue any derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding interest rate swap agreements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The Report of Independent Auditors and Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO Criteria). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued its attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because the registrant will file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the solicitation of proxies for Omnicell s Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held in May 2023 (the Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item with respect to directors and executive officers may be found under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in the sections entitled Board and Corporate Governance Matters Election of Directors and Board and Corporate Governance Matters Information about our Directors and Nominees appearing in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to our audit committee and audit committee financial expert may be found in the section entitled Board and Corporate Governance Matters Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee appearing in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may be found in the sections entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports appearing in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our written Code of Conduct applies to all of our directors and employees, including executive officers, including without limitation our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct is available on our investor relations website is located at ir.omnicell.com under the hyperlink entitled Leadership Governance Governance Documents. Changes to or waivers of the Code of Conduct will be disclosed on the same website. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of the Code of Conduct by disclosing such information on the same website. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item with respect to director and executive officer compensation is incorporated by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement entitled Executive Compensation and Board and Corporate Governance Matters Director Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to Compensation Committee interlocks and insider participation is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Board and Corporate Governance Matters Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors Compensation Committee Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to our Compensation Committee s review and discussion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Executive Compensation Compensation Committee Report. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Stock Ownership Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Equity Plan Information Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item with respect to related party transactions is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Board and Corporate Governance Matters Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The information required by this Item with respect to director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Board and Corporate Governance Matters Independence of the Board of Directors. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement entitled Audit Matters Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 The following documents are included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: Index to Financial Statements Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Financial Statement Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 F- 50 
 
 (2) Exhibits: The information required by this item is set forth on the exhibit index which precedes the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Omnicell, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Omnicell, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Inventory Valuation Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company records write-downs for excess and slow-moving inventory based on the Company s estimate of demand for its products, potential obsolescence of technology, product life cycles, and whether pricing trends or forecasts indicate that the carrying value of inventory exceeds its estimated selling price. These estimates require management judgment and are impacted by market and economic conditions, technology changes, and new product introductions. The Company s consolidated inventory balance is 147.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the inventory valuation as a critical audit matter because of the assumptions and judgments made by management to estimate the excess and slow-moving inventory, especially considering the presence of various inventory types and evolving product life cycles, which includes new product development. The analysis of inventory valuation required a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to evaluate qualitative and quantitative factors considered and the reasonableness of the relevant management judgments. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures over the inventory valuation included the following, among others: 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 We tested the effectiveness of controls over inventory for valuation. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of management s method, assumptions, and judgments used in developing their estimate of the excess and slow-moving inventory, which included consideration of demand for its products, potential obsolescence of technology, product life cycles, and pricing trends. 
 We tested certain underlying data used and considered in the excess and obsolete inventory assessment, including the amount of inventory on hand, forecasted demand, and historical sales. 
 We compared actual inventory usage and write-off activity in the current year to the excess and obsolete estimate by management in the prior year to evaluate management s ability to make accurate estimates. 
 We evaluated the valuation of excess and obsolete inventory for understatement by making selections of individual inventory items and evaluating the appropriateness of the inventory valuation and management judgments based on relevant product specific information. These procedures also included certain inquiries of production planning and supply chain employees. 
 We evaluated whether the excess and obsolete inventory may be understated by evaluating write-off activity of inventory subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 Capitalized Software - Internal Software Development Costs Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company capitalizes certain costs related to computer software developed or obtained for internal use when costs are incurred in the application development phase and amortizes these costs over the estimated lives of the software. The determination of whether a project s software development costs are capitalized or expensed could have a significant impact on the financial statements. The Company capitalized 33.0 million of costs related to the application development of enterprise-level software and its subscription and cloud-based offerings in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We identified management s determination of internal capitalized software development costs to be a critical audit matter. Evaluating the Company s determination of the project and related software development activities to be capitalized under relevant accounting guidance, including the extent to which software development costs incurred were capitalized, required subjective auditor judgment. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures to assess the appropriateness of capitalized software development costs included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s capitalized software development cost controls. 
 We obtained an understanding of management s process for evaluating software development costs and the nature of software development costs capitalized. 
 We tested management s method of calculating capitalized software development costs. For a sample of projects, we performed audit procedures to agree capitalized labor costs to time records and made certain inquiries of project members to further assess the reasonableness of time allocated to the selected projects. 
 For a sample of software development projects, we obtained an understanding of the new software enhancements and features planned for development by reviewing management s project documentation and inquiring of project managers and engineers. 
 For a sample of software development projects, we tested the timing of software development cost recognition as either a capitalized or an expensed development cost. We also inquired of project managers and engineers regarding when application development was reached and observed the new features developed in the working model. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Omnicell, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Omnicell, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except par value) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and unbilled receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Long-term investment in sales-type leases, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Long-term deferred tax assets Prepaid commissions Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued liabilities Deferred revenues, net Convertible senior notes, net Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenues Long-term deferred tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Convertible senior notes, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Treasury stock at cost, and shares outstanding, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenues: Product revenues Services and other revenues Total revenues Cost of revenues: Cost of product revenues Cost of services and other revenues Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Interest and other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Retained Earnings Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balances as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Tax payments related to restricted stock units ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Equity component of convertible senior note issuance, net of issuance costs Purchase of convertible note hedge ) ) Sale of warrants Tax benefits related to convertible senior notes and convertible note hedge Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle related to credit losses ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Tax payments related to restricted stock units ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Tax payments related to restricted stock units ) ) Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle related to convertible debt ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of property and equipment Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Impairment and abandonment of operating lease right-of-use assets related to facilities Impairment of externally and internally developed capitalized software, net Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of discount on convertible senior notes Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and unbilled receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other current assets ) Investment in sales-type leases ) ) Prepaid commissions ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation Accrued liabilities Deferred revenues Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Software development for external use ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchase price adjustments from business acquisitions Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayment of debt and revolving credit facility ) Payments for debt issuance costs for revolving credit facility ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs Purchase of convertible note hedge ) Proceeds from sale of warrants Proceeds from issuances under stock-based compensation plans Employees taxes paid related to restricted stock units ) ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) Change in customer funds, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid (refunds received), net ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities Unpaid purchases of property and equipment Transfers between inventory and property and equipment, net 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 OMNICELL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 operating segment, which is the same as its reporting segment. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

Prior to recognizing revenue, the Company identifies the contract, performance obligations, and transaction price, and allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations. All identified contracts meet the following required criteria: 
 Parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations. A majority of the Company s contracts are evidenced by a non-cancelable written agreement. Contracts for consumable products are generally evidenced by an order placed via phone or a purchase order. 
 Entity can identify each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred . Contract terms are documented within the written agreements. Where a written contract does not exist, such as for consumable products, the rights of each party are understood as following the Company s standard business process and terms. 
 The entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred . Payment terms are documented within the agreement and are generally net 30 to 60 days from shipment of tangible product or services performed for customers in the United States. Where a written contract does not exist, the Company s standard payment terms are net 30 day terms. 
 The contract has commercial substance (that is the risk, timing, or amount of the entity s future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract). The Company s agreements are an exchange of cash for a combination of products and services which result in changes in the amount of the Company s future cash flows. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, are expected to be completed within one year and are presented as current deferred revenues, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Remaining performance obligations are primarily recognized ratably over the remaining term of the contract, generally not more than . 
 Revenues, contract assets, and contract liabilities are recorded net of associated taxes. 
 The Company generally invoices customers for products upon shipment. Invoicing associated with the service portion of agreements are generally periodic and are billed on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. In certain circumstances, multiple years are billed at one time. 
 The amount invoiced for equipment and software is typically reflected in both accounts receivable and deferred revenues, net. The Company typically recognizes product revenue, and correspondingly reduces deferred revenues, net, for equipment and on-premise software upon written customer acceptance of installation. Consumables are recorded as revenue upon shipment to or receipt by the customer, depending upon contract terms. The portion of deferred revenues, net, not expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months of the balance sheet date are included in long-term deferred revenues on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 From time to time, the Company enters into change orders which modify the product to be received by the customer pursuant to certain contracts. Changes to any contract are accounted for as a modification of the existing contract to the extent the goods and services to be delivered as part of the contract are generally consistent with the nature and type of those to be provided under the terms of the original contract. Examples of such change orders include the addition or removal of units of equipment or changes to the configuration of the equipment where the overall nature of the contract remains intact. The Company s change orders generally result in the change being accounted for as modifications of existing contracts given the nature of the impacted orders. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The accounts receivable balances are with individual members of the GPOs and Federal agencies that purchase under the GSA Contract, and therefore no significant concentration of credit risk exists. During the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to members of the ten largest GPOs and Federal agencies that purchase under the GSA Contract accounted for approximately of the Company s total consolidated revenues. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 A contract asset is a right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Company has transferred to a customer when that right is conditional and is not just subject to the passage of time. A receivable will be recorded on the balance sheet when the Company has unconditional rights to consideration. A contract liability is an obligation to transfer goods or services for which the Company has received consideration, or for which an amount of consideration is due from the customer. Contract liabilities include customer deposits under non-cancelable contracts, and current and non-current deferred revenue balances. The Company s contract balances are reported in a net contract asset or liability position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the period are the result of the issuance of invoices and recognition of deferred revenues in the normal course of business. The contract modifications entered into during the year ended December 31, 2022 did not have a significant impact on the Company s contract assets or deferred revenues. 
 Contract Costs 
 , plus an estimate of future customer renewal periods resulting in a total amortization period of . Costs to obtain a contract are allocated amongst performance obligations and recognized as sales and marketing expense consistent with the pattern of revenue recognition. In accordance with GAAP, while certain compensation elements are expensed as incurred, a portion of the pool s capitalized asset is recorded as an expense over the first seven quarters after booking, which represents the estimated period during which the product revenue associated with the contract is recorded. The remaining capitalized contract costs are recorded as expense ratably over the estimated initial and renewal service periods. The Company recognized contract cost expense of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The commission expenses paid or due to be paid as of the consolidated balance sheet date to be recognized in future periods are recorded in long-term prepaid commissions on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Capitalized costs are periodically reviewed for impairment. There was impairment loss recorded related to capitalized prepaid commissions as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 of the lease receivable balance, and those associated with financed service contracts related to certain Advanced Services products, including Central Pharmacy Dispensing Service and IV Compounding Service, are retained in-house. 
 Operating Leases 
 The Company entered into certain leasing agreements that were classified as operating leases prior to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases . Those agreements in place prior to January 1, 2019 continue to be treated as operating leases, however, any leasing agreements entered into on or after January 1, 2019 under these programs are classified and accounted for as sales-type leases in accordance with ASC 842. The operating lease arrangements entered into prior to January 1, 2019 are non-cancelable, and most automatically renew for successive periods at the end of each lease term absent written notice from the customer. The Company s operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees. 
 For operating leases, rental income is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the associated lease, and recorded in services and other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Leased assets under operating leases are carried at amortized cost net of accumulated depreciation in property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The depreciation expense of the leased assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the associated lease, and recorded in cost of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

The Company transferred non-recourse accounts receivable totaling million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which approximated fair value, to leasing companies on a non-recourse basis. Accounts receivable balance included approximately million and million due from third-party leasing companies for transferred non-recourse accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash equivalents were million and million, respectively, which consisted of money market funds held in sweep and asset management accounts. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

minimum purchase requirements. The contract with the Company s supplier may be terminated by either the supplier or by the Company without cause and at any time upon delivery of notice. Purchases from this supplier were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Shipping and handling expenses were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 - years 
 Leasehold and building improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Equipment - years 
 
 . Costs recognized in the preliminary project phase and the post-implementation phase are expensed as incurred. The Company capitalized million and million of costs related to the application development of enterprise-level software and its subscription and cloud-based offerings, which were included in property and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized costs related to computer software developed or obtained for internal use were included in purchases of property and equipment in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 . All development costs prior to the completion of a detail program design or a working model are recognized as research and development expense. The Company capitalized software development costs of million and million, that were included in other long-term assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

reporting unit, which is the same as its operating segment. A qualitative assessment is initially made to determine whether it is necessary to perform quantitative testing. A qualitative assessment includes, among others, consideration of: (i) past, current, and projected future earnings and equity; (ii) recent trends and market conditions; and (iii) valuation metrics involving similar companies that are publicly-traded and acquisitions of similar companies, if available. If this qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that impairment exists, or if the Company decides to bypass this option, it proceeds to the quantitative assessment. The quantitative assessment involves a comparison between the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting unit with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, the Company will record an impairment charge based on that difference. The impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill. 
 To determine the reporting unit s fair value under the quantitative approach, the Company uses a combination of income and market approaches, such as estimated discounted future cash flows of the reporting unit, multiples of earnings or revenues, and analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable entities. The Company also considers its market capitalization on the date of the analysis to ensure the reasonableness of its reporting unit s fair value. 
 The Company elected to perform a quantitative impairment assessment analysis as of October 1, 2022 for its reporting unit. The Company determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value and thus no impairment was indicated. Based on the result of this analysis, an impairment does not exist as of December 31, 2022, and there were accumulated impairment losses. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 ) Convertible senior notes, net Long-term deferred tax liabilities ) Additional paid-in capital ) Retained earnings 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 2022 Acquisition 
 Hub and Spoke Innovations 
 On January 10, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests in Hub and Spoke Innovations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and among Omnicell Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Hub and Spoke Innovations Limited, and certain beneficial stockholders specified therein for a base purchase price of million (approximately million based on the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date), prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The purchase price transferred for the transaction, net of cash acquired, was million (approximately million based on the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date). Of the purchase price transferred, million (approximately million based on the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date) was allocated to goodwill; million (approximately million based on the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date) was allocated to intangible assets, which included customer relationships; and the remainder was allocated to net assets acquired. The Hub and Spoke Innovations acquisition is expected to complement Omnicell s total solution technology portfolio for retail pharmacy in the United Kingdom to help pharmacies improve workflows, offer patients 24/7 access to their medications and provide enhanced patient care. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 MarkeTouch Media 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests in MarkeTouch Media, LLC MarkeTouch Media pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and among ateb, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), MarkeTouch Media, LLC, MarkeTouch Holdings, Inc., Toucan Enterprises, Inc., and certain beneficial stockholders specified therein for a base purchase price of million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The MarkeTouch Media acquisition adds mobile and web-based technology and patient engagement solutions, which is expected to expand the footprint of EnlivenHealth across the retail pharmacy sector, while enhancing potential growth opportunities in new market segments like specialty pharmacy and pharmacy benefits management. 
 ReCept 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of all outstanding equity securities of ReCept pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 1, 2021, by and among Omnicell, Inc., ReCept Holdings, Inc., Redfish Acquisition Corp, and the representative of the securityholders for a base purchase price of million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The addition of ReCept s specialty pharmacy management services, now a part of the Company s Specialty Pharmacy Services, for health 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 million, prior to customary adjustments for closing cash, net working capital, and assumed indebtedness. The FDS Amplicare acquisition adds a comprehensive and complementary suite of software-as-a-service SaaS financial management, analytics, and population health solutions to the Company s EnlivenHealth offering. 
 The Company incurred approximately million in acquisition-related costs related to the FDS Amplicare acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenues and net losses from the FDS Amplicare operations since the acquisition date through December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 Add: Closing cash Add: Net working capital adjustment ) Less: Assumed indebtedness ) ) ) Total purchase price transferred FDS Amplicare (1) 
 ReCept (2) (3) 
 MarkeTouch Media (4) 
 Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and unbilled receivables Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets Other long-term assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued liabilities Deferred revenues Long-term deferred tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Total purchase price Total purchase price, net of cash acquired 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments of million to goodwill, consisting of an increase in intangible assets, accounts receivable and unbilled receivables, and long-term deferred tax liabilities of million, million, and million, respectively, and a net working capital adjustment of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustments of million to goodwill, consisting of an increase in long-term deferred tax liabilities and accrued liabilities of million and million, respectively. 
 (2) Closing cash is included in other current assets due to its restrictive nature as cash held for customers. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments of million to goodwill, consisting of a purchase price adjustment of million, a decrease in long-term deferred tax liabilities of million and a decrease in accrued liabilities of million, partially offset by a decrease to other current assets of million. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of million to goodwill related to a purchase price adjustment. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 million of goodwill arising from the FDS Amplicare acquisition is primarily attributed to future sales of SaaS solutions and FDS Amplicare s assembled workforce. The million of goodwill arising from the ReCept acquisition is primarily attributed to future sales of its offerings and services and ReCept s assembled workforce. of the FDS Amplicare and ReCept goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes as these acquisitions were treated as stock acquisitions for U.S. tax purposes. The million of goodwill arising from the MarkeTouch Media acquisition is primarily attributed to future sales of SaaS solutions and MarkeTouch Media s assembled workforce. The full amount of the MarkeTouch Media goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes as this acquisition was treated as an asset acquisition for U.S. tax purposes. 
 Acquired technology - 
 Backlog Trade names Total purchased intangible assets 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of million in customer relationships. 
 for the acquired technology intangible assets for both FDS Amplicare and MarkeTouch Media; royalty rate of for the FDS Amplicare trade names intangible asset; discount rate of for the FDS Amplicare acquisition; discount rate of for the ReCept acquisition; discount rate of for the MarkeTouch Media acquisition; and certain other assumptions. 
 The customer relationships and acquired technology intangible assets are being amortized using a double-declining method of amortization as such method better represents the economic benefits to be obtained. The backlog and trade names intangible assets are being amortized over their respective estimated useful lives using the straight-line method of amortization. 
 2020 Acquisition 
 340B Link Business 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity of the 340B Link Business pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2020, as amended, by and among the Company, PSGH, LLC, BW Apothecary Holdings, LLC, the sellers identified therein and the sellers representative for total cash consideration of million. The 340B Link Business acquisition adds a comprehensive and differentiated suite of software-enabled services and solutions used by certain eligible hospitals, health systems, clinics, and entities to manage compliance and capture 340B drug cost savings on outpatient prescriptions filled through the eligible entity s pharmacy or a contracted pharmacy partner. 
 The Company incurred approximately million in acquisition-related costs related to the 340B Link Business acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenues and earnings from the 340B Link Business operations since the acquisition date through December 31, 2020 were million and million, respectively. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Long-term deferred tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Total purchase price 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2021, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments of million to goodwill, consisting of an increase in other current assets, a decrease in accrued liabilities, and a decrease in long-term deferred tax liabilities of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The million of goodwill arising from the 340B Link Business acquisition is primarily attributed to sales of future software-enabled services and solutions and the 340B Link Business s assembled workforce. Approximately million of the 340B Link Business goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Tax deductible goodwill for U.S. tax purposes is attributable to the asset acquisition portion of the transaction. 
 Acquired technology Trade names Non-compete agreements Total purchased intangible assets 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 and for the acquired technology and trade names intangible assets, respectively; discount rate of for all intangible assets; and certain other assumptions. 
 The customer relationships and acquired technology intangible assets are being amortized using a double-declining method of amortization as such method better represents the economic benefits to be obtained. The trade names and non-compete agreements are being amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method of amortization. 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Pro forma net income 
 
 Note 3. 
 Consumables Technical services Advanced Services 
 Total revenues 
 The following table summarizes the Company s revenues disaggregated by geographic region, which is determined based on customer location, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) United States Rest of world (1) 
 Total revenues 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) No individual country represented more than 10 of total revenues. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 Long-term unbilled receivables, net (2) 
 Total contract assets Short-term deferred revenues, net 
 Long-term deferred revenues 
 Total contract liabilities 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Included in accounts receivable and unbilled receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included in other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Short-term deferred revenues of million and million include deferred revenues from product sales and service contracts, net of deferred cost of sales of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The short-term deferred revenues from product sales relate to delivered and invoiced products, pending installation and acceptance, expected to occur within the next twelve months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of million that were included in the corresponding gross short-term deferred revenues balance of million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Long-term deferred revenues include deferred revenues from product and service contracts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Remaining performance obligations are primarily recognized ratably over the remaining term of the contract, generally not more than ten years. 
 Significant Customers 
 There were no customers that accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Also, there were no customers that accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 4. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities from stock award plans Effect of convertible senior notes Effect of warrants Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted Anti-dilutive weighted-average shares related to stock award plans Anti-dilutive weighted-average shares related to convertible senior notes and warrants 
 
 Note 5. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the convertible senior notes was million, compared to their carrying value of million, which is net of unamortized debt issuance costs (subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2020-06). As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the convertible senior notes was billion, compared to their carrying value of million, which is net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs and excludes amounts classified within additional paid-in capital (prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06). Refer to Note 10, Debt and Credit Agreement , for further information regarding the Company s credit facility and Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes , for further information regarding the Company s convertible senior notes. Refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information regarding the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories Other current assets: Funds held for customers, including restricted cash (1) 
 Net investment in sales-type leases, current portion Prepaid income taxes Other current assets Total other current assets Other long-term assets: Capitalized software, net Unbilled receivables, net Deferred debt issuance costs Other long-term assets Total other long-term assets Accrued liabilities: Operating lease liabilities, current portion Customer fund liabilities Advance payments from customers Rebate liabilities Group purchasing organization fees Taxes payable Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes restricted cash of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.) Other comprehensive loss ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive loss ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Software Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The geographic location of the Company s property and equipment, net, is based on the physical location in which it is located. 
 Rest of world (1) 
 Total property and equipment, net 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) No individual country represented more than 10 of total property and equipment, net. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Capitalized software, net (1) 
 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Included in other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million to cost of revenues for amortization of capitalized software development costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 9. 
 Additions (1) 
 Measurement period adjustments (1) 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Additions (1) 
 Measurement period adjustments (1) 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Refer to Note 2, Business Combinations , for further information. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) - 
 Acquired technology ) - 
 Backlog ) Trade names ) - 
 Patents ) - 
 Non-compete agreements ) Total intangibles assets, net ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross carrying 
 amount (1) 
 Accumulated amortization Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations Net carrying amount Useful life (years) (In thousands, except for years) Customer relationships ) ) - 
 Acquired technology ) - 
 Backlog 
 Trade names ) - 
 Patents ) - 
 Non-compete agreements ) Total intangibles assets, net ) ) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10. 
 revolving credit facility of million (the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) an uncommitted incremental loan facility of up to million (the Incremental Facility ). In addition, the A R Credit Agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit of up to million and a swing line loan sub-limit of up to million. The A R Credit Agreement has an expiration date of November 15, 2024, upon which date all remaining outstanding borrowings will be due and payable. 
 Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to either (a) the LIBOR Rate, plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum based on the Company s Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the A R Credit Agreement), or (b) an alternate base rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus , and (iii) LIBOR for an interest period of one month plus , plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum based on the Company s Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio. As of December 31, 2021, LIBOR has started being phased out and LIBOR is expected to be entirely discontinued on June 30, 2023. The A R Credit Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain triggering events related to the end of LIBOR, the Company and the administrative agent will select an alternative benchmark rate to replace the LIBOR Rate. Upon the phasing out of LIBOR, the Company will work with its lenders to establish an alternative benchmark rate (such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) taking into account any relevant governmental body s selection or recommendation of a replacement rate and/or the then-prevailing market convention for determining an alternative benchmark rate. The Company does not anticipate that the discontinuance or phasing out of the LIBOR Rate will materially impact its liquidity or financial position. Undrawn commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to a commitment fee ranging from to per annum based on the Company s Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio on the average daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. The applicable margin for, and certain other terms of, any term loans under the Incremental Facility will be determined prior to the incurrence of such loans. The Company is permitted to make voluntary prepayments at any time without payment of a premium or penalty. 
 On September 22, 2020, the parties entered into an amendment to the A R Credit Agreement to, among other changes, permit the issuance of the convertible senior notes and the purchase of the convertible note hedge transactions, as described in Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes , expand the Company s flexibility to repurchase its common stock and make other restricted payments, and replace the total net leverage covenant with a new secured net leverage covenant that requires the Company to maintain a consolidated secured net leverage ratio not to exceed :1 for the calendar quarters ending September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, and March 31, 2021 and :1 for the calendar quarters ending thereafter. 
 The A R Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, dispositions, dividends, and other distributions. The A R Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that require the Company and its subsidiaries to not exceed a maximum total secured net leverage ratio (as described above) and maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio. In addition, the A R Credit Agreement contains certain customary events of default including, but not limited to, failure to pay interest, principal, and fees, or other amounts when due, material misrepresentations or misstatements in any representation or warranty, covenant defaults, certain cross defaults to other material indebtedness, certain judgment defaults, and events of bankruptcy. The Company s obligations under the A R Credit Agreement and any swap obligations and banking services obligations owing to a lender (or an affiliate of a lender) are guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of its and such subsidiary guarantors assets. In connection with entering into the A R Credit Agreement, and as a condition precedent to borrowing loans thereunder, the Company and certain of the Company s other direct and indirect subsidiaries have entered into certain ancillary agreements, including, but not limited to, a reaffirmation agreement, which amends certain terms of the existing collateral agreement and reaffirms their obligations under the existing guaranty agreement. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding balance for the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes (the Notes ), including the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase up to an additional million principal amount of the Notes. The Company received proceeds from the issuance of the Notes of million, net of million of transaction fees and other debt issuance costs. The Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2021. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated September 25, 2020 (the Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on September 15, 2025, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased, or converted. 
 The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2025, only under the following circumstances: (i) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ended on December 31, 2020 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate for the Notes on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; and (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, as specified in the Indenture. On or after May 15, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing conditions. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the conditional conversion feature of the Notes was triggered, based on the price of the Company s common stock, as the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock was greater than or equal to of the then applicable conversion price for the Notes for at least trading days during the period of consecutive trading days ending on December 31, 2021, the last trading day of the respective fiscal quarter. Accordingly, the Notes were convertible during the first quarter of 2022 and were classified as a current liability in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, none of the conditional conversion features of the Notes were triggered, and therefore, the Notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2023, commencing on January 1, 2023. Accordingly, the Company classified the Notes as a long-term liability in its Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022. Whether the Notes will be convertible following the first fiscal quarter of 2023 will depend on the satisfaction of the conversion conditions in the future. 
 Under the original terms of the Indenture, upon conversion, the Company could satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture. On December 13, 2021, the Company irrevocably elected to fix its settlement method to a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock with the specified cash amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes of at least . As a result, for Notes converted on or after December 13, 2021, a converting noteholder will receive (i) up to in cash per 1,000 principal amount of Notes and (ii) cash and/or shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s option for any conversion consideration in excess of . In addition, the Company continues to have the ability to set the specified cash amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes above . The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 10.2751 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. In addition, following certain corporate events that could occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the Notes for a holder who elects to convert its Notes (or any portion thereof) in connection with such a corporate event or convert its Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period (as defined in the Indenture), as the case may be. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change, holders may require, subject to certain exceptions, the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. As of December 31, 2022, none of the criteria for a fundamental change or a conversion rate adjustment had been met. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 of the conversion price for the Notes then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company redeems less than all of the outstanding Notes, at least million aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the date of the relevant notice of redemption. No sinking fund is provided for in the Notes. 
 Accordingly, at issuance, the Company allocated million to the debt liability and million to additional paid-in capital, net of applicable issuance costs and deferred taxes. The difference between the principal amount of the Notes and the liability component, inclusive of issuance costs, represented the debt discount, which the Company amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes using an effective interest rate of . The determination of the discount rate required certain estimates and assumptions. 
 Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, effective January 1, 2022, the Notes are no longer separated into liability and equity components, and are accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. Refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the Notes and the related issuance cost accretion is approximately years. 
 The maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion, including the effect of a fundamental change and subject to other conversion rate adjustments, would be million shares. As of December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the Notes did not exceed the principal amount. 
 Unamortized discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Convertible senior notes, liability component (1) 
 Convertible senior notes, equity component 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Classified as a long-term liability as of December 31, 2022, and a current liability as of December 31, 2021, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information regarding the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, effective January 1, 2022. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of discount Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information regarding the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, effective January 1, 2022. 
 Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions 
 In connection with the issuance of the Notes in September 2020, the Company entered into convertible note hedge and warrant transactions with an affiliate of one of the initial purchasers of the Notes and certain other financial institutions (the option counterparties with respect to the Company s common stock. 
 The convertible note hedge consists of an option for the Company to purchase up to approximately million shares of the Company s common stock, which is equal to the number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Notes, at an initial strike price of approximately per share. The convertible note hedge will expire upon the maturity of the Notes, if not earlier exercised or terminated. The cost of the convertible note hedge was approximately million and was accounted for as an equity instrument, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded a deferred tax asset of million at issuance related to the convertible note hedge transaction. The convertible note hedge is expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes. 
 million shares of its common stock in the aggregate at an initial strike price of per share. The warrants require net share or net cash settlement upon the Company s election. The Company received aggregate proceeds of approximately million for the issuance of the warrants, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital at issuance in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The warrants could separately have a dilutive effect to the Company s common stock to the extent that the market price per share of its common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants. 
 
 Note 12. 
 . 
 Cost of sales-type lease revenues ) ) ) Selling profit on sales-type lease revenues Interest income on sales-type lease receivables 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Unearned interest income portion ) ) Net investment in sales-type leases Less: Current portion (1) 
 ) ) Long-term investment in sales-type leases, net 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) The current portion of the net investment in sales-type leases is included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The carrying amount of the Company s sales-type lease receivables is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum sales-type lease payments Present value adjustment ) Total net investment in sales-type leases 
 Operating Leases 
 The operating lease arrangements generally have initial terms of one to . 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum operating lease payments 
 
 Note 13. 
 years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any additional material operating leases that were entered into, but not yet commenced. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Present value adjustment ) Total operating lease liabilities (1) 
 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Amount consists of a current and long-term portion of operating lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. The current portion of the operating lease liabilities is included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Operating lease costs were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Short-term lease costs and variable lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment and abandonment charges to operating lease right-of-use assets of million, in connection with restructuring activities for optimization of certain leased facilities. The impairment and abandonment charges were recorded to selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average discount rate, 
 
 Note 14. 
 million, of which million are expected to be paid within the next twelve months. 
 Ransomware Incident 
 On May 4, 2022, the Company determined that certain of its information technology systems were affected by ransomware impacting certain internal systems. Upon detecting the security event, the Company took immediate steps designed to contain the incident and implement its business continuity plans to restore and support continued operations. The Company has contained the incident and restored substantially all of its critical information technology systems. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred million of expenses related to the ransomware incident, partially offset by million of expected insurance recoveries. Expenses include costs to investigate and remediate the ransomware incident, as well as legal and other professional services, all of which were expensed as incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company included net expenses related to the ransomware incident in cost of revenues of million, in research and development of million, and in selling general and administrative expenses of million, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is currently involved in various legal proceedings. 
 A class action lawsuit was filed against the Company, on June 5, 2019, in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division, captioned Corey Heard, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Omnicell, Inc., Case No. 2019-CH-06817 (the Heard Action ). The complaint seeks class certification, monetary damages in the form of statutory damages for willful and/or reckless or, in the alternative, negligent violation of the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA ), and certain declaratory, injunctive, and other relief based on causes of action directed to allegations of violation of BIPA by the Company. The complaint was served on the Company on June 13, 2019. On July 31, 2019, the Company filed a motion to stay or consolidate the case with the action Yana Mazya, et al. v. Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital, et al., Case No. 2018-CH-07161, pending in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division (the Mazya Action ). The Court subsequently, on October 10, 2019, denied the motion, without prejudice, as being moot in view of the dismissal of the claims against the Company in the Mazya Action. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in the Heard Action on October 31, 2019. The hearing on the Company s motion to dismiss was held on September 2, 2020. The Court ruled from the bench and dismissed the complaint without prejudice giving plaintiff leave to file an amended complaint by September 30, 2020. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on September 30, 2020 and the Company subsequently filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on October 28, 2020, which was fully briefed, but the Court had not heard oral argument on the motion. The parties entered into a settlement agreement on January 25, 2022, (the Settlement Agreement ). On February 1, 2022, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. Following preliminary approval, plaintiff conducted discovery to identify class members and to determine the class size. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, and following class size discovery, the parties participated in non-binding mediation on November 21, 2022. A settlement was reached at the mediation and the parties executed an addendum to the Settlement Agreement (the Addendum reflecting the changes to the original settlement terms. On November 30, 2022, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement including the Addendum. The hearing on final approval of the settlement is currently set for April 6, 2023. Subject to final approval of the settlement, the Company intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

days) or that its software media is free from material defects. Sales contracts for certain of the Company s medication packaging systems may have in the past and may in the future include limited warranties for up to , but the periodic activity and ending warranty balances the Company records have historically not been material. 
 Accordingly, the Company believes it is unlikely that the Company will be required to pay any material amounts pursuant to these indemnification obligations or potential warranty claims and, therefore, no material liabilities have been recorded for such indemnification obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 15. 
 of their earnings; provided, however, an eligible employee s right to purchase shares of the Company s common stock may not accrue at a rate which exceeds of the fair market value of such shares for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding. The purchase price per share must be equal to the lower of of the fair value of the common stock at the beginning of a -month offering period or the end of each purchasing period. 
 There was a total of million shares reserved for future issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2009 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 Options granted under the 2009 Plan generally become exercisable over periods of up to , with one-fourth of the shares vesting from the vesting commencement date with respect to initial grants, and the remaining shares vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter. The exercise prices of the options is the fair market value of common stock on the date of grant. RSUs generally vest over periods of up to , with one-fourth of the shares vesting from the vesting commencement date with respect to initial grants, and the remaining shares vesting in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 The Company did not capitalize any material share-based compensation amounts to inventory, capitalized software, or internal-use software for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Income tax benefits realized from share-based compensation were million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility, - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate, - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield, 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, employees purchased approximately and shares of common stock, respectively, under the ESPP at a weighted-average price of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to the shares to be purchased under the ESPP was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Expected volatility, Risk-free interest rate, Estimated forfeiture rate, Dividend yield, 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 and thereafter 
 The weighted-average fair value per share of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The tax benefit realized from stock options exercised was million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 Granted (Awarded) Vested (Released) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs that vested in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (Awarded) Vested (Released) ) Outstanding and unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of RSAs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSAs that vested in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSAs was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Performance-Based Stock Unit Awards PSUs 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted PSUs to its executive officers, all of which became eligible for vesting upon the achievement of a certain level of shareholder return. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted PSUs to its executive officers, of which to may become eligible for vesting depending on the level of shareholder return for the period from March 1, 2022 through March 1, 2023. 
 The number of shares that vest at the end of the performance period depends on the percentile ranking of the total shareholder return for Omnicell stock over the performance period relative to the total shareholder return of each of the other companies in the NASDAQ Health Care Index. Stock price appreciation is calculated based on the trailing -day average stock price just prior to the first trading day of March in the grant year, compared to the trailing -day average stock price just prior to the first trading day of March in the year subsequent to the grant year. The fair value of PSU awards to executive officers is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 PSUs generally vest over periods of up to , with one-fourth of the shares vesting approximately from the vesting commencement date with respect to initial grants and upon confirmation by the Compensation Committee that the performance target has been met, and the remaining shares vesting in six equal semi-annual installments thereafter. Vesting is contingent upon continued service. 
 In addition to executive officers PSU awards, from time to time, the Company may grant PSUs with specific performance and service conditions to certain employees on an ad hoc basis. 
 Granted Additional granted based on performance achievement Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of PSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The total fair value of PSUs that vested in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Summary of Shares Reserved for Future Issuance under Equity Incentive Plans 
 Non-vested restricted stock awards Shares authorized for future issuance ESPP shares available for future issuance Total shares reserved for future issuance 
 401(k) Plan 
 of employee contributions up to , annually. The Company s contributions under this plan were million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 16. 
 million of the Company s common stock (the 2016 Repurchase Program ). The 2016 Repurchase Program is in addition to the stock repurchase program approved by the Board on November 4, 2014 providing for the repurchase of up to million of the Company s common stock (the 2014 Repurchase Program ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2014 Repurchase Program was completed, and as of December 31, 2022, the maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the 2016 Repurchase Program was million. 
 The timing, price, and volume of repurchases are to be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws, and other factors. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to a Rule 10b-18 plan, subject to the terms and conditions of that certain A R Credit Agreement, as amended. The stock repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the Company may terminate or suspend the repurchase programs at any time. 
 On September 17, 2020, the Board authorized a one-time stock repurchase transaction providing for the repurchase of up to million of the Company s common stock in privately negotiated transactions concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, described in Note 11, Convertible Senior Notes . In September 2020, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock from purchasers of the Notes in the offering in privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or its affiliate at an average price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. There will be no further repurchases under this one-time authorization. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased approximately shares of its common stock under the repurchase programs at an average price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not repurchase any of its outstanding common stock under the repurchase programs other than the separately-authorized one-time stock repurchase concurrent with the offering of the Notes in September 2020. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17. 
 Foreign ) ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) 
 ) State Foreign ) Total current income taxes ) Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred income taxes ) ) ) Total benefit from income taxes ) ) ) 
 F-45 

Table of Contents State taxes ) ) Section 162(m) limitation Non-deductible expenses Uncertain tax positions ) ) ) Share-based compensation tax benefit ) ) ) Research tax credits ) ) ) Restructuring impact ) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Global intangible low-taxed income inclusion Foreign rate differential ) Foreign branch taxes ) ) Transaction cost Other ) ) ) Total benefit from income taxes ) ) ) 
 The Company has executed various global operational centralization activities and legal entity rationalization in recent years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company underwent legal entity rationalization through tax free reorganizations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a benefit on the release of previously recorded uncertain tax positions related to the sale of certain intellectual property rights by Aesynt B.V. to Omnicell, Inc. and a gain on the transfer of certain assets to Omnicell Pty Ltd, which resulted in a tax benefit, net of tax expense, of million. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, (the IRA ), was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. The Company is in the process of analyzing the potential impacts of the IRA s provisions on its business. However, these provisions are not currently expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 On March 11, 2021, the President of the United States signed into law the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the ARP Act ), which provides additional economic stimulus and tax credits, including the expansion and modification of the employee retention tax credit enacted by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act and the refundable tax credits for COVID-related paid sick and family leave enacted by the Family First Act. The ARP Act further expands the covered employees definition for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, used in determining the limitation on the deduction for excessive employee remuneration rules to be applicable for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2026. The provisions of the ARP Act did not have a material impact on the Company s income taxes. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

 Share-based compensation Inventory-related items Tax credit carryforwards Reserves and accruals Loss carryforwards Lease liability Convertible debt Capitalized research and development Other, net Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Total net deferred tax assets Intangibles ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Other, net ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 Deferred income tax assets (liabilities) are provided for temporary differences that will result in future tax deductions or future taxable income, as well as the future benefit of tax credit carryforwards. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does t have a valuation allowance against any of its deferred tax assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of federal net operating losses and million of state net operating loss carryforwards expiring at various dates beginning in 2024, and million of foreign net operating losses carried forward indefinitely. For income tax purposes, the Company has federal research tax credit carryforward and a California research tax credit carryforward of million. California credits are carried forward indefinitely to reduce cash taxes payable. 
 It is the Company s practice and intention to reinvest the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries in those operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not made a provision for U.S. federal income, withholding, and state income taxes on the outside basis difference related to certain foreign subsidiaries because earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examinations by taxing authorities, including major jurisdictions such as the United States, Germany, Italy, France, and the United Kingdom. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company was no longer subject to U.S., state, and foreign tax examinations for years before 2019, 2018, and 2018, respectively. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

 Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior period Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Decreases related to settlements Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior period ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Decreases related to settlements Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior period ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Decreases related to settlements Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefit that, if realized, would favorably affect the Company s effective income tax rate in future periods, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in interest and other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, accruing million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Accrued interest and penalties are included within other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The combined amount of cumulative accrued interest and penalties was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company does not believe there will be any significant changes in its unrecognized tax positions over the next twelve months. 
 
 Note 18. 
 million of employee severance costs and related expenses. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company continued its organizational realignment initiative, incurring million of employee severance costs and related expenses. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company initiated certain domestic and international restructuring initiatives in order to enhance and streamline certain engineering functions for its domestic operations and to realign its international sales organization to better serve its customers in various international markets. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company initiated restructuring initiatives associated with the integration and functionalization of certain acquisitions, primarily the 340B Link business acquisition, to further accelerate the expansion of the Company s pharmacy inventory management capabilities. On November 23, 2022, the Company committed to a plan to reduce the Company s headcount as part of the Company s expense containment efforts being implemented due to ongoing macroeconomic headwinds, primarily consisting of employee severance and benefits costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the restructuring plans incurred million of employee severance costs and related expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the unpaid balance related to these restructuring plans was million. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total restructuring expense 
 
 Note 19. 
 million in 2023. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 

 ) Long-term unbilled receivables Net investment in sales-type leases Total allowances deducted from assets ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Accounts receivable and unbilled receivables ) Long-term unbilled receivables ) Net investment in sales-type leases ) Total allowances deducted from assets ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Accounts receivable and unbilled receivables ) ) Long-term unbilled receivables Net investment in sales-type leases Total allowances deducted from assets ) ) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Allowance for credit losses. 
 (2) Represents amounts charged and credited for provisions for credit losses. 
 (3) Represents amounts written off from the allowance and receivable. 
 (4) Represents other adjustments, such as foreign currency translation, adoption of new accounting guidance, and purchase price accounting adjustments in connection with acquisitions. 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2015, by and among Omnicell International, Inc., Omnicell, Inc., Aesynt Holding, L.P., Aesynt, Ltd., and Aesynt Holding Co peratief U.A. 
 8-K 2.1 10/29/2015 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 28, 2016, among Omnicell, Inc., Ateb, Inc., Ateb Canada Ltd., the related stockholders and optionholders, and the stockholders agent 
 8-K 2.1 11/29/2016 2.3 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2020, by and among Omnicell, Inc., PSGH, LLC, BW Apothecary Holdings, LLC, the sellers identified therein and the sellers representative 
 8-K 2.1 8/12/2020 2.4 Amendment No. 1, dated October 1, 2020, to Equity Purchase Agreement, by and among Omnicell, Inc. and the sellers representative 
 10-Q 2.2 10/30/2020 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Omnicell, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 9/20/2001 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Omnicell, Inc. 
 10-Q 3.2 8/9/2010 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 10-K 3.2 3/28/2003 3.4 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Omnicell, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 10/21/2022 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, and 3.4 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 4.1 7/24/2001 4.3 Description of Omnicell, Inc. s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 10-K 4.7 2/26/2020 4.4 Indenture, dated as of September 25, 2020, by and between Omnicell, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 4.1 9/25/2020 4.5 Form of Global Note, representing Omnicell, Inc. s 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4) 
 8-K 4.2 9/25/2020 10.1 Amended and Restated 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
 S-8 99.2 7/2/2015 10.2 Omnicell, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 S-8 99.1 6/22/2022 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 10.4 8/9/2012 10.4 Form of Performance Cash Award Grant Notice and Form of Performance Cash Award Agreement for the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 10.5 8/9/2012 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Bonus Grant Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Bonus Agreement for 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 S-8 99.4 5/24/2018 10.6 Form of Option Grant Notice and Form of Option Agreement for 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 8-K 10.1 3/8/2019 10.7 Form of Option Grant Notice and Form of Global Option Agreement for 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 10.1 7/31/2020 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (July 2020) 
 10-K 10.9 2/24/2021 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (February 2021) 
 10-K 10.10 2/24/2021 10.10 Omnicell, Inc. 2010 Quarterly Executive Bonus Plan 
 8-K 10.1 3/17/2010 10.11 Omnicell, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Benefit Plan effective as of March 7, 2017 
 10-Q 10.1 5/5/2017 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.12 Form of Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement 
 S-1 10.12 3/14/2001 10.13 Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change of Control Agreement 
 10-Q 10.4 11/6/2015 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated October 31, 2003, between Omnicell, Inc. and Dan S. Johnston 
 10-K 10.26 3/8/2004 10.15 Addendum to Offer Letter, dated December 30, 2010, between Omnicell, Inc. and Dan S. Johnston 
 10-K 10.14 3/11/2011 10.16 Offer letter between Omnicell, Inc. and Peter J. Kuipers dated August 11, 2015 
 10-Q 10.3 11/6/2015 10.17 Offer Letter between Omnicell, Inc. and Scott P. Seidelmann, dated March 29, 2018 
 10-K 10.41 2/27/2019 10.18 Offer letter between Omnicell, Inc. and Christine Mellon dated February 12, 2021 
 10-K 10.32 2/25/2022 10.19 Lease Agreement, dated December 21, 2001, by and between TC Northeast Metro, Inc. and Aesynt Incorporated (formerly McKesson Automation Inc.) 
 10-Q 10.3 5/6/2016 10.20 First Amendment to Lease, dated April 8, 2005, by and between Multi-Employer Property Trust and Aesynt Incorporated (formerly McKesson Automation Inc.) 
 10-K 10.24 2/24/2021 10.21 Second Amendment to Lease, dated April 21, 2008, by and between NewTower Trust Company Multi-Employer Property Trust and Aesynt Incorporated (formerly McKesson Automation Inc.) 
 10-K 10.25 2/24/2021 10.22 Third Amendment to Lease, dated January 11, 2011, between Cranberry Cochran Road, L.P., et al. and Aesynt Incorporated (formerly McKesson Automation Inc.) 
 10-K 10.26 2/24/2021 10.23 Fourth Amendment to Lease, dated October 29, 2013, between McKnight Cranberry III, L.P. and Aesynt Incorporated (formerly McKesson Automation Inc.) 
 10-K 10.27 2/24/2021 10.24 Fifth Amendment to Lease, dated April 28, 2017, between McKnight Cranberry III, L.P. and Aesynt Incorporated 
 10-Q 10.3 5/5/2017 10.25 Sixth Amendment to Lease, dated November 11, 2019, between McKnight Cranberry III, L.P. and Aesynt Incorporated 
 10-K 10.39 2/26/2020 10.26 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2019, by and among Omnicell, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent 
 8-K 10.1 11/18/2019 10.27 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2020, by and among Omnicell, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent 
 8-K 10.1 9/22/2020 10.28 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation 
 8-K 10.1 9/25/2020 10.29 Form of Warrant Confirmation 
 8-K 10.2 9/25/2020 10.30 Letter Agreement between Omnicell, Inc. and Dan S. Johnston, dated July 29, 2022 
 10-Q 10.2 8/9/2022 10.31 + 
 Promotion letter between Omnicell, Inc. and Corey J. Manley dated May 18, 2022 
 21.1 + 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 + 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 + 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages hereto) 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 31.1 + 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 31.2 + 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 + 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 101.INS + 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 + 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 
 _________________________________________________ 
 Indicates a management contract, compensation plan, or arrangement. 
 + Filed herewith. 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OMNICELL, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ PETER J. KUIPERS Peter J. Kuipers, Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the persons whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Randall A. Lipps and Peter J. Kuipers, each of them acting individually, as his or her attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorney-in-fact and any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ RANDALL A. LIPPS Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 Randall A. Lipps /s/ PETER J. KUIPERS Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 Peter J. Kuipers /s/ JOSEPH B. SPEARS Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Joseph B. Spears /s/ JOANNE B. BAUER March 1, 2023 Joanne B. Bauer Director /s/ EDWARD P. BOUSA March 1, 2023 Edward P. Bousa Director /s/ MARY A. GARRETT March 1, 2023 Mary A. Garrett Director /s/ VANCE B. MOORE March 1, 2023 Vance B. Moore Director /s/ MARK W. PARRISH March 1, 2023 Mark W. Parrish Director /s/ BRUCE E. SCOTT March 1, 2023 Bruce E. Scott Director /s/ ROBIN G. SEIM March 1, 2023 Robin G. Seim Director /s/ SARA J. WHITE March 1, 2023 Sara J. White Director 
 S-1 

<EX-10.31>
 2
 exhibit1031q4-22.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 
 Exhibit 10.31 

 May 18, 2022 
 
 Personal & Confidential 
 Mr. Corey J. Manley 
 SVP, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary 
 C O Omnicell, Inc. 
 
 Re Promotion to SVP, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary 
 
 Dear Corey, 
 
 On behalf of Randy Lipps and the Board of Directors Board of Omnicell, Inc. Omnicell or the Company ), I am pleased to report that you are being promoted to the position of Senior Vice President & Chief Legal Officer, effective as of May 11, 2022. You will now report to Randall Lipps, where you will be a critical member of Randy s Executive Leadership Team. 
 
 Effective with your promotion the Board has appointed you as an Executive Officer and Section 16(b) reporting person, effective as of May 11, 2022. The Board has also appointed you to the role of Corporate Secretary for the Company, effective as of May 18, 2022. 
 Promotional Consideration & Other Compensation Actions 
 Effective with the pay period beginning May 23, 2022, your bi-weekly salary will be 13,846.16, less payroll deductions and all required and authorized withholdings, which is an annual equivalent of 360,000.16. 
 
 You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Omnicell, Inc. 2010 Quarterly Executive Bonus Plan Executive Bonus Plan and Annual Overachievement Plan for VP Level and above. Effective May 18, 2022, you will have the opportunity to receive a bonus in the amount of up to 50 of the base salary paid to you during the quarter, pending Board approval and paid out pursuant to such Executive Bonus Plan terms, which requires that both the Company s and your individual MBO goals are met. Please note that participation in the Executive Bonus Plan and the Annual Overachievement Plan for VP Level and above is at the discretion of the Board and that the Board reserves the right to make changes to either bonus plan at any time with or without notice. 
 
 On May 18, 2022, you were awarded a 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award for Executive Officers granted in the form of 50 Restricted Stock Units RSUs and 50 Performance Stock Units PSUs under the Omnicell, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ). 
 Your 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award will have a targeted value of 900,000 where the number of shares granted will be based upon (i) RSUs by dividing 50 of the 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award value by the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the 20 trading days immediately prior to May 18, 2022 (the Grant Date as quoted on the NASDAQ National Market, and (ii) PSUs by dividing 50 of the 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award value by the Grant Date fair value as determined by using the Monte Carlo model under ASC 718. Your 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award will have the same grant terms as the 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award granted to the other Executive Officers on February 16, 2022 with respect to the RSUs and March 14, 2022 with respect to the PSUs. 
 
 Note that your 2022 Annual LTI Equity Award and its associated vesting is further subject to your continued employment with Omnicell and the terms and conditions of the Plan, your underlying grant notice and Omnicell s standard form of award agreement for Executive Officers of Omnicell. 
 
 As an Executive Officer, Omnicell provides an annual executive perquisite cash allowance of 6,000 (less applicable tax withholding) which is paid on a quarterly basis. This allowance may be used in your discretion for financial planning fees, health club memberships, or any other appropriate perquisite, and will not be grossed up for tax purposes. You will also be eligible to participate in Omnicell s comprehensive executive financial counselling program for Executive Officers provided by the Ayco Company, L.P. Executive Financial Counseling Program ), 

Exhibit 10.31 

 which you can commence at your convenience. Any fees incurred for the services provided to you under the Executive Financial Counselling Program will be taxable to you, and will not be grossed up for tax purposes. 
 
 Furthermore, as an Executive Officer of the Company, you are also eligible for Omnicell s change of control benefits as set forth in Omnicell s Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change of Control Agreement. You are also eligible to receive indemnity protection for our Executive Officers under Omnicell s Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement, which will be provided to you separately. 
 
 If at any time your employment is terminated without Cause you will be eligible to receive severance pay in accordance with Omnicell s then current Omnicell, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Benefit Plan, effective as of March 7, 2017, as may be further amended from time to time, or such other plan as may be then in effect Severance Plan ), provided you agree to abide by the terms of such Severance Plan, including but not limited to agreeing to execute Omnicell s standard release agreement. Under the current Severance Plan an Executive Officer is offered the equivalent to twelve (12) months salary at your base rate of pay in effect immediately prior to termination plus certain other separation benefits as outlined in the Severance Plan. 
 Employment at Omnicell is at-will employment, which means it may be terminated by you or by Omnicell at any time without notice or liability. In addition, Omnicell may change your position, duties, compensation, benefits, and work location from time to time at its discretion. 
 
 As an Omnicell employee, you will be expected to abide by Company policies, procedures, and acknowledge in writing that you have read and will comply with the Company s Employee Handbook. 
 
 Corey, on behalf of Omnicell and the Board, congratulations on your promotion. We look forward to your significant contributions, outstanding leadership, and ongoing exceptional service to the Company for years to come. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Christine Mellon Christine Mellon EVP Chief People Officer Omnicell, Inc. . 

Copy to Randall Lipps Chairman, President, CEO and Founder, Omnicell, Inc. 
 Joanne Bauer, Lead Independent Director and Chair, Compensation Committee Omnicell Board of Directors 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211q4-22.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 Entity's name for conducting business Jurisdiction of incorporation Omnicell Pty Ltd Australia Omnicell (Beijing) Technology Co. Ltd China Omnicell GmbH Federal Republic of Germany Omnicell SAS France Omnicell S.r.l. Italy Omnicell India Private Limited India Omnicell B.V. Netherlands Omnicell Limited United Kingdom Hub and Spoke Innovations Limited United Kingdom ateb, Inc. United States RxInnovation Inc. United States FDS, Inc. United States FDS Insurance Agency, LLC United States MarkeTouch Media, LLC United States MedPak Holdings, Inc. United States MTS Medication Technologies, Inc. United States MTS Packaging Systems, Inc. United States Omnicell International, LLC United States 340B Investment, LLC United States 340B Solutions, LLC United States 340B Link, LLC United States Omnicell Specialty Pharmacy Services, Inc. United States 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231q4-22.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-117592 and 333-221332 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-67828, 333-82818, 333-104427, 333-107356, 333-116103, 333-125080, 333-132556, 333-142857, 333-149758, 333-159562, 333-176146, 333-190930, 333-205465, 333-225179, 333-231669, 333-256979, and 333-265767 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Omnicell, Inc. and the effectiveness of Omnicell, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311q4-22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Randall A. Lipps, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Omnicell, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 1, 2023 s Randall A. Lipps Randall A. Lipps President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312q4-22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Peter J. Kuipers, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Omnicell, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 1, 2023 s Peter J. Kuipers Peter J. Kuipers Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321q4-22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Randall A. Lipps, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Omnicell, Inc. (the Company and Peter J. Kuipers, the Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations the Company. 
 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 1st day of March 2023. 
 s Randall A. Lipps s Peter J. Kuipers Randall A. Lipps Peter J. Kuipers President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Omnicell, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 omcl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 omcl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 omcl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 omcl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 omcl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

