<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1556739_0001556739-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17251811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439899</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3886832</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5804251</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3607631</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3204192</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001556739-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223073654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001556739-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thryv Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556739
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				132740040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35895
		FILM NUMBER:		23655959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WEST AIRFIELD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 619810
		CITY:			D/FW AIRPORT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75261
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-453-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WEST AIRFIELD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 619810
		CITY:			D/FW AIRPORT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75261

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEX MEDIA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130430

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEWDEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001556739-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 thry-20221231.htm
 10-K

thry-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date was approximately . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 As of February 21, 2023, there w ere sha res of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

THRYV HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 46 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 70 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 73 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 114 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 116 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 116 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 116 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 116 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 116 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 116 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 116 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 119 
 SIGNATURES 
 120 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Such statements are provided under the safe harbor protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include, without limitation, statements concerning the conditions of our industry and our operations, performance, and financial condition, including, in particular, statements relating to our business, growth strategies, product development efforts, and future expenses. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and generally can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, could, estimates, expects, likely, may, and similar references to future periods, or by the inclusion of forecasts or projections. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding the outlook for our future business and financial performance, such as those contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we caution you against relying on forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national, or global political, economic, business, competitive, market, and regulatory conditions and the following: 
 
 significant competition for our Marketing Services solutions and SaaS offerings, including from companies that use components of our SaaS offerings provided by third parties; 
 our ability to maintain profitability; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively; 
 our ability to transition our Marketing Services clients to our Thryv platform, sell our platform into new markets or further penetrate existing markets; 
 the effect of the coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19 COVID-19 on our business, including the measures to reduce its spread, and the impact on the economy and demand for our services, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and uncertainties; 
 our ability to maintain our strategic relationships with third-party service providers; 
 internet search engines and portals potentially terminating or materially altering their agreements with us; 
 our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards; 
 our small to medium-sized businesses SMBs clients potentially opting not to renew their agreements with us or renewing at lower spend; 
 potential system interruptions or failures, including cyber-security breaches, identity theft, data loss, unauthorized access to data or other disruptions that could compromise our information; 
 our potential failure to identify suitable acquisition candidates and consummate such acquisitions; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations or recognize the benefits of acquisitions, including the failure of an acquired business to achieve its plans and objectives; 
 the potential loss of one or more key employees or our inability to attract and to retain highly skilled employees; 
 our ability to maintain the compatibility of our Thryv platform with third-party applications; 
 our ability to successfully expand our operations and current offerings into new markets, including internationally, or further penetrate existing markets; 
 our potential failure to provide new or enhanced functionality and features; 
 our potential failure to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards; 
 potential changes in regulations governing privacy concerns and laws or other domestic or foreign data protection regulations; 
 our potential failure to meet service level commitments under our client contracts; 
 our potential failure to offer high-quality or technical support services; 
 our Thryv platform and add-ons potentially failing to perform properly; 
 the potential impact of future labor negotiations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how; 
 rising inflation and our ability to control costs, including operating expenses; 
 general macro-economic conditions, including a recession or an economic slowdown in the U.S. or internationally; 
 volatility and weakness in bank and capital markets; and 
 costs, obligations and liabilities incurred as a result of and in connection with being a public company. 
 1 

For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ from its projected results, see Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factor s in this Annual Report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this document, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements publicly after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 In this Annual Report, the terms our Company, we, us, our, Company and Thryv refer to Thryv Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are dedicated to supporting local, independent service-based businesses and emerging franchises by providing innovative marketing solutions and cloud-based tools to the entrepreneurs who run them. Our Company is built upon a rich legacy in the marketing and advertising industry. We are one of the largest domestic providers of print and digital marketing solutions to SMBs and SaaS end-to-end customer experience tools. Our solutions enable our SMB clients to generate new business leads, manage SMB customer relationships, and run their day-to-day operations. As of December 31, 2022 , we serve approximately 390,000 SMB clients through four business segments: Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, Thryv U.S. SaaS, Thryv International Marketing Services and Thryv International SaaS. 
 
 On January 21, 2022, Thryv, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired Vivial Media Holdings, Inc. Vivial ), a marketing and advertising company with operations in the United States . Additionally, o n March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Sensis Holding Limited Thryv Australia ), a provider of marketing solutions serving SMBs in Australia . 
 
 The Company reports its results based on four reportable segments (see Note 17, Segment Information) : 
 
 Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, which includes the Company's print and digital solutions business in the United States; 
 Thryv U.S. SaaS, which includes the Company's flagship SMB end-to-end customer experience platform in the United States; 
 Thryv International Marketing Services, which is comprised of Thryv's print and digital solutions business in Australia; and 
 Thryv International SaaS, which includes the SaaS business management tools for SMBs in Australia. 
 
 Thryv U.S. Marketing Services 
 
 Our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment provides both print and digital solutions. Our primary Thryv U.S. Marketing Services offerings include: 
 
 Print 
 Print Yellow Pages. Print marketing solutions through our owned and operated Print Yellow Pages PYPs ), which carry The Real Yellow Pages tagline; 
 Digital 
 Internet Yellow Pages. Digital marketing solutions through our proprietary Internet Yellow Pages IYPs ), including Yellowpages.com, Superpages.com, Dexknows.com, and Extended Search Solutions ESS 
 Search Engine Marketing. Search engine marketing SEM solutions that deliver business leads from Google, Yahoo!, Bing, Yelp, and other major engines and directories; and 
 Other Digital Media Solutions . Other digital media solutions include online display and social advertising, online presence and video, and search engine optimization SEO tools. 
 Thryv U.S. SaaS 
 
 Our Thryv U.S. SaaS segment is comprised of Thryv, Hub By Thryv, Marketing Center, Thryv Add-ons, and ThryvPay. 
 
 Thryv . Our Thryv platform , is our flagship SMB end-to-end customer experience platform. It helps small businesses and emerging franchises get the job, manage the job, and get credit for their jobs. It includes capabilities such as customer relationship management CRM ), omnichannel email and text marketing automation, scheduling and appointment management, estimating, invoicing, payments, social media management, reputation management, document management and centralized customer communication. Thryv provides SMBs with a real- 
 3 

time 360-degree view of their customers and every interaction that each customer has with their business throughout their lifecycle. 
 Hub by Thryv , is a solution that empowers a franchisor with real-time oversight and day-to-day management of multiple locations. The solution enables emerging franchises to scale repeatable processes and success as their locations and geographical footprint expands. This ensures a high franchisee success rate, a crucial metric within the franchise industry. 
 Marketing Center. Marketing Center, launched in the fourth quarter of 2022, is a fully integrated next generation marketing and advertising platform operated by the end user. Marketing Center contains everything a small business owner needs to market and grow their business effectively. Inclusive of premium placement on a number of popular sites on the internet, a robust marketing tool kit, AutoID to track marketing conversions via the Thryv CRM, and the ability to run paid advertising campaigns with fully automated recommendations, tagging, and landing page creation. 
 Thryv Add-ons. We offer a range of add-ons that can be purchased in conjunction with our Thryv platform, including, but not limited to, Thryv Leads, our integrated local marketing and lead generation solution, GMB Optimization services, HIPPA protections, and SEO tools. 
 
 ThryvPay . ThryvPay is our own branded payment solution that allows users to get paid via credit card and ACH and is tailored to service businesses that want to provide consumers with safe, contactless, fast online payment options. Complete with highly competitive rates, ThryvPay also supports future scheduled payments, pass-through convenience fees, surcharges, tips, and other highly sought-after features specifically targeting service-oriented businesses. 
 
 Thryv International Marketing Services 
 
 Our Thryv International Marketing Services segment provides both print and digital solutions. Our primary Thryv International Marketing Services offerings include: 
 
 Print 
 Print Yellow and White Pages. Print marketing solutions through our owned and operated PYPs; 
 Digital 
 Internet Yellow Pages. Digital marketing solutions through our proprietary IYPs, including Yellowpages.com.au, Whitepages.com.au, Whereis.com, and Truelocal.com.au. 
 Search Engine Marketing. SEM solutions that deliver business leads from Google, and Bing, s earch engines through optimized pay-per-click campaigns. 
 Other Digital Media Solutions . Other digital media solutions include online display and social advertising, online presence and video, and SEO services. 
 Thryv International SaaS 
 Our Thryv International SaaS segment is comprised of Thryv, Hub By Thryv, Thryv Add-ons and Thryv Pay. 
 Thryv . Our Thryv platform , is our flagship SMB end-to-end customer experience platform. It helps small businesses and franchises get the job, manage the job, and get credit for their jobs. It includes capabilities such as CRM, omnichannel email and text marketing automation, scheduling and appointment management, estimating, invoicing, payments, social media management, reputation management, document management and centralized customer communication. Thryv provides SMBs with a real-time 360-degree view of their customers and every interaction that each customer has with their business throughout their lifecycle. 
 Hub by Thryv , is a solution that empowers a franchisor with real-time oversight and day-to-day management of multiple locations. The solution enables emerging franchises to scale repeatable processes and success as their locations and geographical footprint expands. This ensures a high franchisee success rate, a crucial metric within the franchise industry. 
 Thryv Add-ons. We offer a range of add-ons that can be purchased in conjunction with our Thryv platform, including, but not limited to, GMB Optimization services, Restricted Access, and SEO tools. 
 4 

ThryvPay . ThryvPay is our own branded payment solution that allows users to get paid via credit card and ACH and is tailored to service businesses that want to provide consumers with safe, contactless, fast online payment options. Complete with highly competitive rates, ThryvPay also supports future scheduled payments, pass-through convenience fees, surcharges, tips, and other highly sought-after features specifically targeting service-oriented businesses. 
 
 Integration of Marketing Services and SaaS 
 
 Our expertise in delivering solutions for our client base is rooted in our deep history of serving SMBs. We have worked for decades in our local communities, providing marketing solutions to SMBs. We found that SMBs need technology solutions to communicate with consumers who now do business via their smartphones. We launched our SaaS business in 2015 to provide SMBs with the resources to compete for today s mobile consumers. In 2022, SMB demand for integrated technology solutions continued to grow as SMBs adapt their business and service models to facilitate remote working and contactless customer interactions. We have seen this trend accelerate following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic from March 2020 onwards. 
 
 In 2022, domestically, we delivered approximately 39 million PYP directories to strategically targeted American homes whose demographics indicate a higher propensity to use print marketing solutions. 
 
 We reach our clients utilizing a multi-channel sales approach that allows us to meet market demand through an extensive inside and outside sales force, channel partners, and targeted digital campaigns. Our nationwide field sales force allows us to have local and virtual interactions with SMB clients, which differentiates us from our competitors. 
 
 We derive a competitive advantage from our industry experience, sizable sales force, and Thryv platform. Existing and potential SMBs have choices when selecting SaaS solutions. Numerous niche cloud-based tools are available for SMBs to self-provision online, and other providers market competing end-to-end solutions. Because the cost of entry into the SaaS space is relatively low, new entrants continue to emerge. Although we believe many of these solutions lack a comprehensive set of features and offer less onboarding and customer support, SMBs may opt for less expensive solutions or a package of solutions provided by less experienced entrants at a lower cost. 
 
 Our Solutions 
 
 Comprehensive Marketing Services Offering 
 
 We have a full portfolio of marketing solutions for SMBs, including PYP, IYP, SEM, and online display and social advertising, online presence and video, and SEO tools. This enables SMBs to craft a comprehensive marketing strategy with us as the one-stop provider. For example, PYP provides value to SMBs seeking to reach consumers who prefer traditional forms of print media. IYP helps efficiently position a client s business on well-trafficked online directories, and SEM allows SMBs to generate customer traffic directly with ads on Google and other search engines. 
 
 Leading Presence in Print Advertising 
 
 As the largest publisher of print directories in the United States, we provide clients with insights into how traditional media can reach and advertise to a large segment of the consumer population. In the United States, PYP users tend to be over 55 years of age, more affluent and more likely to own a single-family home, resulting in higher sales conversion rates for our SMB clients. 
 
 Dynamic Tracking and Access to Unparalleled SMB Data 
 
 The effectiveness of each of our solutions can be measured with tracking software that enables SMBs to easily analyze the performance of their ad campaigns. We examine operational measures from various sources that help us understand how a client s marketing services program is working, and we use these to monitor their effectiveness and performance. As a result, we give SMBs actionable insights to attract and retain new customers. 
 
 5 

Enable SMBs to Deliver Customer Experiences That We View as Best-in-Class within One Platform 
 
 Our Thryv platform delivers many features relevant to SMB needs, including CRM, omnichannel email and text marketing automation, scheduling and appointment management, estimating, invoicing, payments, social media management, reputation management, document management and centralized customer communication. Thryv provides SMBs with a real-time 360-degree view of their customers and every interaction that each customer has with their business throughout their lifecycle. 
 
 Optimize Advertising Budgets and Business Leads Generation 
 
 Our Marketing Center and Thryv Leads solutions provide robust solutions for SMBs to market and grow their businesses using a variety of automated digital tools and capabilities. Thryv Leads uses machine learning to automatically choose the optimal mix of advertising solutions for each SMB to generate a tailored solution for it. Marketing Center offers full control and transparency on daily spend, allocations and channel by channel performance to the business owner who seeks to run advertising campaigns without learning or supporting multiple bespoke platforms, or incurring the hefty costs of an advertising agency. Marketing Center and Thryv Leads then automatically injects resulting leads and prospects into the SMB s Thryv CRM system while enriching the basic consumer information with additional data. SMBs are then able to contact and engage new and existing customers. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Continuous Innovation Drives Retention and Growth 
 
 In our Marketing Services business, we continue to improve the value of our solutions and leverage our extensive sales force to drive the retention of clients. For example, in our PYP business, we have simplified ad pricing, added colorful new local covers, and modified book formatting to make the books more useful and readable. Additionally, we increasingly renew digital (non-print) accounts through an automated process. In our SEM business, we have improved our bidding process, launched new features and boosted traffic from distribution partner sites. In our SaaS business, we continue to improve our Thryv platform by analyzing user behavior and client requests to expand the feature set and interoperability with other popular cloud-based tools. 
 
 Transition into SaaS 
 
 Our plan has been, and continues to be, to develop and grow our SaaS segment to better help SMBs manage their businesses, while maintaining strong profitability within our Marketing Services segment, which drives new customer leads to our clients. We have selectively utilized a portion of the cash generated from our profitable Marketing Services segment to support initiatives in our evolving SaaS segment, which for the year ended December 31, 2022 generated 18.0 of our total revenue. 
 
 Leverage Our Nationwide Scale and Extensive Sales Force 
 
 We have one of the largest SMB-focused sales forces in the country within the marketing solutions and SaaS space, which we utilize to attract and manage our clients. We leverage our sales force to introduce our SaaS solutions to new prospects and existing Marketing Services clients through in-person, local as well as virtual, and online meetings to a dedicated SaaS demonstration and sales team. As of December 31, 2022 , our efforts led to approximately 39 of our new SaaS clients originating from our Marketing Services segment. SMB demand for SaaS solutions continues to grow as SMBs increase their remote working capabilities and contact-less customer interactions. 
 
 Actively Manage Shift in Marketing Services Revenue Mix to Maintain Profitability 
 
 We continue to manage our Marketing Services offerings, some of which are in secular decline, notably print, to maximize profitability and extend the life of these solutions. Our cost management strategy includes using third-party printers and cost-effective long-term paper, printing, and directory distribution contracts. 
 
 6 

Continued Cash Flow Generation and Selected Capital Allocation 
 
 We remain highly focused on methodically managing our assets, maintaining a highly variable cost structure, and building our SaaS business in a way to continue to position us to generate significant cash flow. We believe that our cash flow generation and strategic capital allocation will enable us to continue to reduce debt and pursue acquisitions to create value for our stockholders. We will continue to employ a disciplined financial policy that maintains our financial strength and favorable cost structure. 
 
 Opportunistic Acquisitions to Drive Synergy 
 
 The Company has experience executing accretive acquisitions in the industry. We believe we are well-positioned to continue this strategy to leverage our platform and scale in our industry. Historically, as a result of our acquisitions, we have realized significant cost synergies and obtained new clients that also bought our SaaS solutions. 
 
 International Growth 
 
 We are looking to expand into international markets, which we view as a large opportunity for growth. We intend to penetrate international markets through acquisition, re-seller agreements, or other commercial arrangements. For example, in 2021, we completed the Thryv Australia Acquisition to enter the Australian market, and in 2022, we began operations in Canada with our own sales force combined with a re-seller agreement. Internationally, there are approximately 36 million SMBs i n our target market. 
 
 Our Segments 
 
 We operate through four business segments: Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, Thryv U.S. SaaS, Thryv International Marketing Services and Thryv International SaaS, each of which is described below. 
 
 Thryv U.S. Marketing Services Segment 
 
 Our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment delivers high-quality, cost-effective business leads to our SMB clients. This segment generated 820.0 million of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our main Thryv U.S. Marketing Services solutions are as follows: 
 
 Print 
 
 Domestically, we primarily publish PYP titles on a 15 to 18-month publication cycle, with the majority on an 18-month cycle. We generate revenue by charging for advertisements placed within these titles. 
 
 We believe print directories are a cost-effective and often under-appreciated solution for many SMBs. Consumer usage of print, while declining, is still strong among consumers that tend to be ove r 55 years of age , more affluent, and more likely to own a single-family home. PYP enables SMBs to reach this core demographic that tends to have higher purchase intent when encountering one of our SMBs advertisements. We have highly predictable revenue from this service offering given that PYP advertising campaigns are typically structured as 15 to 18-month contracts. While PYP has experienced a secular decline similar to other print media, print costs are highly variable, enabling the Company to right-size costs in advance of anticipated declines in PYP sales . 
 
 Digital 
 
 Internet Yellow Pages (IYP) 
 
 Domestically, we operate three proprietary IYP sites: Yellowpages.com, Superpages.com, and Dexknows.com. During the year ended December 31, 2022, traffic to these sites averaged over 23 million visits per month across the three properties. We generate IYP revenue by charging SMBs for advertisements and priority placement. 
 
 Our IYPs are efficient in delivering business leads. IYPs deliver leads at an attractive cost because consumers who search on IYPs are deep in the purchase funnel and are ready to buy. 
 
 7 

We also offer ESS enabling SMBs to buy advertising on our network of owned and third-party directory websites, including Yelp, Nextdoor, and other popular sites. Our network delivers approximately 78 million visits per month. Our ESS network provides SMB clients expanded access to high-converting traffic at a low cost. We believe we are the only provider to offer this broad network of online directory sites with a single purchase. 
 
 Search Engine Marketing (SEM) 
 
 SMBs often purchase advertisements in the paid listings section of search engines and online directories to drive business leads. We sell SEM placements on multiple search sites, including Google, Yahoo!, and Bing, and online directories including Yelp, CityGrid, and Whitepages, among others. 
 
 Our SEM offerings leverage a mix of in-house and off-the-shelf technology to design ads, generate bids, and deliver reporting to advertisers. We track cost-per-click and cost-per-call metrics for our SMB clients, which gives them insights into the effectiveness of their ad campaigns. 
 
 Thryv U.S. SaaS Segment 
 
 Our Thryv U.S. SaaS segment is comprised of Thryv , including Hub by Thryv, Marketing Center and Add-ons, including Thryv Leads, GMB Optimization services, HIPPA protections, and SEO tools, and ThryvPay. Our Thryv U.S. SaaS segment generated revenue of 211.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Strength of the All-In-One Platform 
 
 Our Thryv platform is an easy-to-use SMB end-to-end customer experience tool that enables SMBs to deliver the same type of interaction consumers have come to expect from larger enterprises with whom they do business. 
 
 Our Thryv platform s feature set mirrors the journey of a typical consumer, who begins on a search engine, reads business reviews, finds a company s website and/or social media profiles, and clicks to set up an appointment or request information. After booking an appointment, the consumer typically expects an estimate and eventually an invoice, with the ability to pay online in an easy and efficient manner. This experience is then followed by prompts for reviews and referrals, along with periodic reminders and additional campaigns to generate repeat business. 
 
 Built on a customizable CRM database where businesses store customer information and then utilize a host of customer communication tools, our Thryv platform helps SMBs communicate with their customers and manage day-to-day operations. It automatically updates and maintains client listings across the web so our SMBs online information is always correct. 
 
 Clients can also generate new business via Marketing Center or Thryv Leads and have these business opportunities automatically injected into their CRM system and enriched with additional data. These new business leads populate the client s CRM database enabling our clients to email, text, call, or otherwise communicate with prospective customers via our Thryv platform. Additionally, clients can monitor multiple locations through Thryv add-ons. 
 
 We have a new, low cost and innovative engineering methodology. This methodology recognizes the large variety of bespoke SaaS solutions and back-end tools that are readily available. Thryv has chosen to utilize best-in-class systems and tools, to integrate them in unique ways that unlock value for the end customer. It is the combination of functionality from multiple platforms together that delivers value greater than each of the parts individually. Thryv maintains full control over the user experience, to deliver a modern and consistent user experience. When Thryv feels functionality is of strategic long-term importance, or it is not readily available in the marketplace, we leverage our internal engineering teams to create technology and innovation on top of the existing interoperable technology stack. Applications and/or features developed by our third-party developers specifically for our platform are not available outside of our platform on a stand-alone basis in the U.S. and Canada. 
 
 Our Thryv platform is sold on a monthly auto-subscription basis, which generates a recurring revenue stream. Substantially all of our clients subscribe to contracts with a minimum six-month upfront commitment, after which clients continue on a month-to-month basis. Clients can upgrade their service to a more feature-rich solution at any time as their business grows. We offer a variety of tiers, which we believe enables SMBs to choose the optimal features for their business. We believe the platform represents an attractive value for our SMB clients as compared to competitor products, such as single solutions or complex enterprise software systems that are suited to larger companies. 
 8 

Hub by Thryv 
 
 In 2020, we released a franchise management platform, Hub by Thryv, that allows franchisors to manage and launch their franchises on Thryv and to manage their overall franchise network s day-to-day operations on the platform. 
 
 Hub by Thryv enables franchisors to: 
 Create and launch new locations under a standardized brand and configuration, ensuring optimal success for each location; 
 Monitor real-time performance results on each of their locations and quickly identify areas of opportunity; 
 Generally manage lead management and long-term ROI through each stage of the customer's life cycle; and 
 Enable territory and region managers' optimal flexibility through user permissions and controls. 
 Marketing Center 
 Marketing Center is a robust and fully integrated solution that enables SMB s to transparently market and grow their business using a variety of built in tools and solutions. 
 
 Marketing Center offers: 
 
 AutoID . Marketing Center connects prospects' and customers' digital interactions with the business and synchronizes these activities with the Thryv CRM records. This enables device level attribution so Thryv s users know when and where a client found them for proper attribution on what works and what doesn 
 
 Enhanced Online Presence . Marketing Center includes paid profiles on YP.com and Yelp.com, as well as a robust Google Business Profile Optimization service to ensure that the most viewed online profiles for the Marketing Center user stand out from the competition, get noticed, and drive results; 
 
 Omni-Channel Paid Campaigns . Marketing Center users can run paid advertising campaigns across Google, Facebook, Instagram, Yahoo Display, Connected TV, and Yelp all from a single interface. The user is able to allocate budget to their desire and increase, decrease, pause, or continue a campaign at anytime for any reason with full flexibility. All of the tagging, tracking and analytics are automatically configured to simplify the execution of these complex campaigns; and 
 
 Marketing Tools . Marketing Center includes additional marketing tools to help users optimize their online marketing efforts. These include a robust heat mapping tool to optimize and improve their website and landing pages based on visitor behavior, off-line call tracking phone numbers to track the efficacy of offline media efforts such as lawn signs or post cards. Marketing Center also includes a robust competitor watch to track the digital advertising activities of competitors to gleam ideas and work to achieve a competitive advantage. 
 
 Thryv Add-ons 
 Thryv Leads is an add-on to our Thryv platform that gives SMBs an easier way to acquire new customers and makes it simpler to determine when, where and how much to spend on advertising. Thryv Leads clients sign six-month contracts with month-to-month auto-renewals thereafter. 
 
 Thryv Leads uses machine learning to optimize the placement of the SMBs ads and help SMBs reduce their costs. Thryv Leads automatically injects resulting business leads into the SMB s CRM system, while also enriching the basic consumer information with additional data. SMBs are then able to contact and engage new and existing customers. We believe that via Thryv Leads and its integration with our Thryv platform, we are the only SaaS player that offers a business leads-based solution integrated into an end-to-end customer experience. The data that we have gathered from our hundreds of thousands of marketing campaigns informs the predictive capabilities of the platform, making it more valuable to each of our SMB clients. This enables SMBs to craft a comprehensive marketing strategy with us as the one-stop provider. 
 
 GMB Optimization services and SEO tools are an add-on to our Thryv platform that boost visibility online and increase exposure in search results for their individual services or products through a centralized Google My Business dashboard within the Thryv platform software. Users can track review ratings, upload photos and posts to share news with their clients. 
 9 

HIPPA protections is an add-on to our Thryv platform that secures SMB accounts in accordance with privacy and HIPAA guidelines, so you can rest assured that the information your clients/patients share with you is secure in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPPA ), safeguarding medical information such as medical records and other identifiable health information. 
 ThryvPay 
 
 ThryvPay allows users to get paid via credit card and ACH payments. ThryvPay offers: 
 
 Competitive credit card processing rates . ThryvPay offers a flat rate per transaction with no set-up fees. 
 ACH payments processing. Small businesses save money on a per-transaction charge, with the security of knowing immediately if funds are available. 
 Scheduled payments. Service-based businesses that offer ongoing services or memberships can utilize our scheduled payments feature. ThryvPay also allows customized installment plans for pre-set specific dates. 
 Convenience fees, surcharges and tipping . Small businesses can pass on optional convenience fees and/or surcharges, where allowed, for consumers who want to pay by credit card when presented with multiple payment options, often driving customers to pay by ACH methods, which generates significant savings for SMBs. ThryvPay also allows consumers to leave a tip. 
 Credit card and bank account on file. Consumer information is stored in the small business s Thryv account for future transactions, reducing friction for repeat business. 
 Real-time reporting and assistance. Thryv and ThryvPay integrates and auto-syncs with QuickBooks Online, Quickbooks Desktop, MYOB, Freshbooks, and Xero for accounting reconciliation. Thryv provides dedicated support for dispute and chargeback assistance. 
 Consumer Financing. ThryvPay includes a fully integrated partnership with Wisetack, a consumer lending platform that specializes in larger ticket, service based lending. This enables consumers of Thryv s clients to apply for and pay their service providers utilizing financing. Thryv clients enjoy additional revenue by enabling larger purchases with additional convenience. 
 
 Thryv International Marketing Services Segment 
 
 Our Thryv International Marketing Services segment delivers high-quality, cost-effective business leads to our SMB clients. This segment generated 166.0 million of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our main Thryv International Marketing Services solutions are as follows: 
 
 Print 
 
 Internationally, we publish PYP titles on a 12-month publication cycle . In 2022, we delivered more than 6 million PYP directories internationally to strategically targeted Australian homes whose demographics indicated a higher propensity to use print marketing solution s. We generate revenue by charging for advertisements placed within these titles. 
 
 Digital 
 
 Internet Yellow and White Pages (IYP) 
 
 Internationally, we operate four proprietary IYP sites: Yellowpages.com.au, Whitepages.com.au, Whereis.com, and Truelocal.com.au. During the year ended December 31, 2022, traffic to these sites averaged over 5 million visits per month across the four properties. We generate IYP revenue by charging SMBs for advertisements and priority placement. 
 
 Search Engine Marketing (SEM) 
 
 SMBs often purchase advertisements in the paid listings section of search engines and online directories to drive business leads. We sell SEM placements on multiple search sites, including Google and Bing. 
 
 10 

Our SEM offerings leverage a mix of in-house and off-the-shelf technology to design ads, generate bids, and deliver reporting to advertisers. We track cost-per-click and cost-per-call metrics for our SMB clients, which gives them insights into the effectiveness of their ad campaigns. 
 
 Thryv International SaaS Segment 
 
 SaaS 
 
 Consistent with our Thryv U.S. SaaS segment, our Thryv International SaaS revenue is comprised of Thryv and add-ons. Our Thryv International SaaS segment generated revenue of 4.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 Our industry is highly fragmented, intensely competitive, and constantly evolving. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense going forward. We believe the principal competitive factors in our segments are the following: 
 
 customized, integrated, and tailored solution strategies; 
 flexible technology that is compatible with third-party applications and data sources; 
 quality; 
 pricing; 
 ease of use; 
 brand recognition and word-of-mouth referrals; 
 availability of onboarding programs and customer support; and 
 nationwide and extensive, inside and outside sales forces. 
 
 We believe we compete favorably with respect to all these factors and that we are well-positioned as a leading provider of marketing solutions and cloud-based end-to-end customer experience tools to SMBs across the United States. 
 
 We face competition from other companies that provide marketing solutions and cloud-based SaaS tools to SMBs. 
 
 Marketing Services Competitors 
 
 In our Marketing Services business, we compete with numerous national companies that sell marketing campaigns on major national search engines and social media sites and build and host websites. 
 
 SaaS Competitors 
 
 In our SaaS business, we believe we compete with three general categories of competitors: 
 
 Point Solution Providers. We compete with single-point solution providers across many features. Many of these products are low-cost and some have been in the market longer than Thryv. 
 Vertical Solutions. Vertical solutions exist in many categories, including Home Services, Health Wellness, Animal Services, Professional Services and Educational Services. Competitors have studied these categories and customized their products for the applicable category. These companies offer a tailored solution with a targeted appeal. Some also have consumer-facing apps that create demand for the SMB. 
 All-In-One Competitors. Our most direct competitors are other all-in-one solutions. Several are priced above our price point or target larger companies with more employees. 
 
 11 

Human Capital 
 
 Our key human capital management objectives are to attract the right talent, develop potential future and current talent for leadership positions, retain high performers and reward employees through competitive pay and employee benefits. We support these objectives with employee experience and culture initiatives aimed at making the workplace diverse, engaging and inclusive, while providing growth opportunities, internal leadership programs and diversity programs. In addition, we consistently monitor employee engagement through employee engagement studies and monthly surveys. 
 
 We employed 2,955 people as of December 31, 2022. Our workforce is comprised of approximately 99 full-time and 1 part-time employees. The majority of our employees are employed in our Outside and Inside Sales, Inbound Sales and Sales Operations, Client Experience, Operations, Information Technology, Billing and Print Directories departments. 
 
 Some examples of our key programs and initiatives intended to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include: 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion D I ). The Company s Diversity Council provides a voice for our employees to leadership to share insights, communicate with leadership, and generate ideas and actions to enhance and impact diversity and inclusion at Thryv. The Diversity Council plans and sponsors events to celebrate diversity and inclusion, educate and raise awareness, and create opportunities for networking and mentorship within diverse groups. 
 Connecting the Dots Program: This is a new hire program where the Company shares information about Thryv s culture, Company programs and discounts, communication tips within the Company, and more. The goal is to easy the new hire s integration into the Thryv culture, right from the start, and make them immediately feel included in Thryv s mission and programs. 
 
 Accelerators Recognition Program. This program is designed to grow the connection and recognition of top performers who demonstrate our core values in their excellent performance. Our core values are: 
 Client Devoted 
 DONE3 
 Act Like You Own the Place 
 Invest in Our People 
 Under Promise, Over Deliver 
 Making Money is a By-Product of Helping People 
 Think Long-Term; Act with Passion and Integrity 
 Benefits. Among our benefit offerings, Virgin Pulse wellness programming has become a key motivator to good health and well-being. It is a user-friendly platform that encourages well-being, safety and performance, by providing friendly team-based competition, self-directed wellness journeys and incentives to build healthy habits and drive collaboration across Thryv. With 78 of employees enrolled on the platform and 58 of those enrolled actively engaged, the digital well-being platform has contributed meaningfully to our Work From Anywhere approach while creating connections and supporting a healthy lifestyle among our employees. 
 Talent Development. We prioritize and invest in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers through training and development programs. These include online and on-the-job learning formats. 
 Our Emerging Leaders Program is designed to help identify and develop future leaders. Once identified, Emerging Leaders are provided focused leadership and management skill development programs instructor-led, online and on-the-job. 65 employees successfully completed the Emerging Leader program in 2022, resulting in 5 promotions into management representing 8 of participants. The program continues into 2023 as we continue to positively support and grow leadership bench strength. 
 Our New Manager Training Program is provided to newly promoted managers to develop and enhance their soft skills in people management. This program aims to set up newly promoted people managers for success while developing a network of colleagues to draw support and counsel. 
 12 

The Mindful Manager Program is designed to provide people leaders the opportunity to invest in their own development through quarterly online coursework. Courses are focused on elevated employee matters such as Leading with Emotional Intelligence, Mastering the Art of Listening, and Navigating Cross-Cultural Differences. Following completion of the coursework, leaders are invited to attend a Leadership Roundtable to discuss the assigned content and share learnings. 
 The Tuition Assistance Program TAP supports the lifelong learning of all employees. Through a generous reimbursement program, we encourage employees to seek continuous education and personal development to support their career aspirations while contributing to Thryv s collective growth and success. Eligible coursework may be aimed at the achievement of an Associate s, Bachelor or Master s degree or may be specialized in various certificate/certification programs. 
 Culture Team. Invest in Our People is one of our core values, which we support with various initiatives. 
 Our Thryv Life Channel (facilitated by Microsoft Teams) serves as our internal social media platform. The platform provides a vehicle to highlight personal and professional successes, share inspirational stories, publicize social opportunities, run fun employee-centric virtual events and generally connect our people. Engagement is high and continues to enhance the promotion of core values and relationship-building as we continually learn and grow in a Work From Anywhere environment. 
 Learning Opportunities. To ensure we provide learning opportunities that enable us to adapt, belong and connect, we launched monthly Lunch and Learn sessions featuring a wide variety of employee-centric topics such as building one s personal brand, communication skills, and other specific skill-building subjects. 
 Culture Clubs are designed to purposefully drive connection and relationship-building across diverse work teams and individuals. Recognizing that the virtual workplace can be challenging for new relationship-building, the Culture Clubs offer meaningful opportunities to a broad group of employees to identify and join groups of colleagues with similar hobbies and interests. 
 Virtual Onboarding. We are focused on virtually onboarding new employees through an enhanced virtual onboarding program. Video engagements, networking, a buddy program and social interactions are all included in properly onboarding a virtual employee while weaving core values and key job learnings into the programming. 
 
 Our Intellectual Property 
 The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws, including trade secrets, copyright, patent, and trademark laws in the United States and abroad and use contracts, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights to protect our intellectual property. We possess certain intellectual property relating to Thryv , Thryv Leads , and our Marketing Services offerings, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 trademark protection on brands, taglines, and products; 
 proprietary roadmap and product stack with proprietary code; 
 machine-learning algorithms and techniques; 
 notice of allowance on a patent related to systems and methods underlying Thryv Leads, which processes include the coordination among our lead estimator tool, lead scoring systems, budget allocation systems, and the SMB s CRM system; 
 strategic alliances; 
 branding via proprietary print and online assets; and 
 copyright protections on work product. 
 We maintain a library of high-quality, proprietary communications, including: 
 product features; 
 customer FAQ's; 
 our ideal client profile; 
 website images and content; 
 vertical industry templates and taxonomy; 
 13 

how-to-videos; and 
 articles, blogs, and guides on using and competing with digital marketing. 
 In addition to the foregoing, we have established business procedures designed to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, including the use of confidentiality agreements and assignment of inventions agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants, and companies with which we conduct business. 
 
 Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. In particular, leading companies in the technology industry have extensive patent portfolios. From time to time, third parties have asserted copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights against us or our clients. Litigation and associated expenses may be necessary to enforce our proprietary rights. 
 
 Our Use of Technology 
 
 In Marketing Services, our print directories are published using a customized platform supported by our in-house engineering team. Our IYPs are managed by our in-house engineering team using proprietary software that we build and maintain. Other digital Marketing Services offerings are fulfilled in-house using third-party cloud-based software. 
 
 Our Thryv platform is comprised of unique integrations and solutions either built by Thryv or built for Thryv, and to Thryv s specifications. In addition, we integrate with select third-party vendors who are managed by our in-house product and development teams. Thryv has chosen to utilize best-in-class systems and tools, to integrate them in unique ways that unlock value for the end customer. SaaS order processing and tracking, client engagement, client communications, and many other aspects of running the day-to-day SaaS business are performed using subscription-based third-party tools. When Thryv feels functionality is of strategic long-term importance, or it is not readily available in the marketplace, we leverage our internal engineering teams to create technology and innovation on top of the existing interoperable technology stack. We ensure that we retain intellectual property for the critical elements of the Thryv platform. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to many U.S. federal and state and other foreign laws and regulations, including those related to privacy, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, consumer protection, rights of publicity, health and safety, employment and labor and taxation. 
 
 Compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had and is not expected to have a material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position of our company. However, these laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended in a manner that could harm our business. See Risk Factors Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks for additional information. 
 
 14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Our business and owning our common stock are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in Risk Factors. As a summary, these risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 significant competition for our Marketing Services solutions and SaaS offerings, which include companies who use components of our SaaS offerings provided by third parties; 
 our ability to transition our Marketing Services clients to our Thryv platform, sell our platform into new markets or further penetrate existing markets; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively; 
 our potential failure to successfully expand our current offerings into new markets or further penetrate existing markets; 
 our clients potentially opting not to renew their agreements with us or renewing at lower spend; 
 our ability to maintain profitability; 
 our potential failure to provide new or enhanced functionality and features; 
 our potential failure to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates; 
 internet search engines and portals potentially terminating or materially altering their agreements with us; 
 our reliance on third-party service providers for many aspects of our business and our potential inability to maintain our strategic relationships with such third-party service providers; 
 our, or our third-party providers', potential inability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards; 
 our potential failure to maintain the compatibility of our Thryv platform with third-party applications; 
 our inability to recover should we experience a disaster or other business-continuity problems; 
 the potential loss of one or more key employees or our inability to attract and to retain highly skilled employees; 
 the potential impact of future labor negotiations; 
 our potential failure to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards; 
 potential changes in regulations governing privacy concerns and laws or other domestic or foreign data protection regulations; 
 potential system interruptions or failures, including cyber-security breaches, identity theft, data loss, unauthorized access to data or other disruptions that could compromise our information or our client information; 
 our potential failure to protect our intellectual property rights, proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how; 
 litigation and regulatory investigations aimed at us or resulting from our actions or the actions of our predecessors; 
 adverse tax laws or regulations or potential changes to existing tax laws or regulations; 
 our potential failure to meet service level commitments under our client contracts; 
 our potential failure to offer high-quality or technical support services; 
 aging software and hardware infrastructure; 
 our, or our third-party service providers', failure to manage our technical operations infrastructure; 
 our Thryv platform and add-ons potential failure to perform properly; 
 our outstanding indebtedness and our potential inability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations; 
 the potential restriction of our future operations by restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our Senior Credit Facilities (as defined below); 
 volatility and weakness in bank and capital markets; 
 potential volatility in the public price of our shares of common stock or the failure of an active, liquid, and orderly market for our shares of common stock to be sustained; 
 that none of our stockholders are party to any contractual lock-up agreement or other contractual restrictions on transfer, potentially resulting in sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets or the perception that sales might occur, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline; and 
 costs, obligations and liabilities incurred as a result of, and in connection with, being a public company. 
 
 For a discussion of these and other risks you should consider before making an investment in our common stock, review the below Risk Factors. 
 
 15 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Strategic, Market and Competition Risks 
 
 We face significant competition for our Marketing Services solutions and SaaS offerings, which may harm our ability to add new clients, retain existing clients and grow our business. Competitors include companies who use components of our SaaS offerings provided by third parties. 
 
 We face intense competition from other companies that offer marketing solutions and business management tools for the SMB market. Competition could significantly impede our ability to sell marketing solutions or subscriptions to our Thryv platform and add-ons on terms favorable to us. Our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive or obsolete. In addition, if these competitors develop products with similar or superior functionality to our Thryv platform, we may need to decrease prices or accept less favorable terms for our platform subscriptions in order to remain competitive. If we are unable to maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our competitors include: 
 
 other print media companies; 
 cloud-based business automation providers; 
 email marketing software vendors; 
 sales force automation and CRM software vendors; 
 website builders and providers of other digital tools, including low cost, less experienced do-it-yourself providers; 
 marketing agencies and other providers of SEM, online display and social advertising, online presence and video, and other digital marketing services including SEO tools; and 
 large-scale SaaS enterprise suites who are moving down market and targeting SMBs. 
 
 In addition, instead of using our platform, some prospective clients may elect to combine disparate point applications, such as content management systems CMS ), marketing automation, CRM, billing and payments management, analytics and social media management. We also face competition from third parties who provide us components of our SaaS offerings. We may also face competition from others who reoffer or use such components in their SaaS solutions. There are lower barriers to entry for SaaS solutions, and we expect that new competitors, such as SaaS vendors that have traditionally focused on back-office functions, will develop and introduce applications serving customer-facing and other front-office functions. This development could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, sales force automation and CRM system vendors could acquire or develop applications that compete with our software offerings. Some of these companies have acquired social media marketing and other marketing software providers to integrate with their broader offerings. 
 
 We also face competition from search engines and portals as well as online directories, other business search sites and social media networks, some of which have entered into commercial agreements with us to provide support for our solutions. Our digital strategy may be adversely affected if major search engines or social media networks with which we currently have commercial agreements decide to more directly market advertising and SaaS business solutions to SMBs. Competing search engines also have the ability to alter their search algorithms, which could change the current flow of commercial search traffic away from our sites and our customers. If this occurs, we may not be able to compete effectively with these other companies, some of which have greater resources than we do. 
 
 Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, and they may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services. Additionally, they may have more extensive customer bases, broader customer relationships, and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may respond faster to new technologies and undertake more extensive marketing campaigns for their products. In a few cases, these competitors may also be able to offer marketing and sales software at little or no additional cost by bundling it with their existing suite of applications. To the extent any of our competitors have existing relationships with potential clients for either business software or marketing solutions, those clients may be unwilling to purchase our platform because of their existing relationships with our competitor. If we are unable to compete effectively with such companies, the demand for our Marketing Services solutions and SaaS offerings could decline substantially. 
 
 In addition, if one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be adversely affected. Our competitors may also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships 
 16 

with our current or future strategic distribution and technology partners or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote and implement our Thryv platform. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our Marketing Services business revenue, which comprises a significant portion of our revenue, may decline at a rate faster than we anticipate, and we may not be able to successfully transition our Marketing Services clients to our Thryv platform in order to offset the decline in Marketing Services revenue with SaaS revenue. 
 
 Our growth strategy is focused on the growth and expansion of our SaaS offerings; however, during 2022, 82.0 of our revenue was derived from our Marketing Services offerings. 
 
 Maintenance of our Marketing Services business requires investment, specifically with respect to compliance updates and security controls. If our investments are not sufficient to adequately update our Marketing Services business, such solutions may lose market acceptance, and we may face security vulnerabilities. In recent years, overall industry demand for print services has declined significantly, and we expect this trend to continue. In addition, we have marketed our SaaS offerings to our Marketing Services clients, and some of our Marketing Services clients have transitioned to our Thryv platform, but there is no guarantee that remaining Marketing Services clients will transition to our Thryv platform. If such Marketing Services clients do not transition, we may lose them in the future, or we may be required to make ongoing investments to serve a smaller pool of clients. If our revenue from our Marketing Services declines at a rate faster than anticipated, our necessary investments in Marketing Services may not be offset by revenue generated. Also, if we are not able to successfully convert a sufficient number of our Marketing Services clients to our SaaS offerings, or if the decline in our Marketing Services revenue continues to outpace our SaaS revenue growth, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We recognize revenue for our print services upon delivery of the PYP directories to the intended market, which can result in variability in the amount of revenue recognized each quarter due to the publication cycle of each PYP directory. 
 
 We recognize revenue for print services at a point in time upon delivery of the published PYP directories containing customer advertisements to the intended market. Our PYP directories typically have 12-month publication cycles in Australia and 15 to 18-month publication cycles in the U.S. As a result, we typically record revenue for each publication only once every 12 to 18 months, depending on the publication cycle of the directory. The amount of revenue we recognize each quarter from our PYP directories is therefore directly related to the number of PYP directories we deliver to the intended market each quarter, which can vary dramatically based on the timing of the publication cycles. For example, during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, due to the timing of publication cycles, we expect to deliver fewer PYP publications than compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2022, resulting in lower year-over-year Marketing Services revenues. We generally expect these PYP publications to be delivered in future quarters, however, resulting in a shift of the revenue recognition for these publications from the third quarter of fiscal 2023 to future quarters. The timing of our PYP publication cycles may result in increased variability in the amount of revenue recognized each quarter, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 If our SEO strategies fail to help our IYPs get discovered or our clients websites to get discovered in unpaid search results, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to help our IYPs and our clients websites and contact information get discovered more easily in unpaid internet search results on search engines, such as Google, Yahoo! and Bing, among others. Algorithms are used by these search engines to determine search result listings and the order of such listings displayed in response to specific searches. Accordingly, our SEO efforts help our IYPs and our clients websites to be discovered more easily in organic search engine results, making it more likely that search engine users will visit these websites. However, our SEO efforts on behalf of our IYPs or our clients websites may not succeed in improving the discoverability of this content. Google in particular is the most significant source of traffic to our IYPs and to our clients websites. Therefore, it is important for us to maintain an effective SEO strategy so that our IYPs, where our clients business profiles are found, and our SMB clients websites, maintain a prominent presence in results from Google search queries. If we fail to do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, search engines frequently change the criteria that determine the order in which their search results are displayed, and our SEO efforts on behalf of our own sites and our clients sites will be unsuccessful if we do not effectively respond to those changes on a timely basis, or if the algorithm changes made by Google and other search engines make it harder for our IYPs or our clients websites to rank, reducing traffic flow. Therefore, if we are unable to respond effectively 
 17 

to changes made by search engine providers in their algorithms and other processes, our clients may experience substantial decreases in traffic to their profile pages on our IYPs and to their own websites. This may lead to a decrease in the perceived value of our products, which could result in our inability to acquire new clients, the loss of existing clients, a decrease in revenues and a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our growth strategy has focused on developing our SaaS segment, which has experienced recent revenue growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively or if our strategy is not successful, we may be unable to execute our business plan, to maintain high levels of service, or to adequately address competitive challenges. 
 
 We have recently experienced growth in our operations related to our SaaS segment. While we have been successful in transitioning and cross-selling our SaaS solutions to our Marketing Services clients in the past, this success may not continue. 
 
 We plan to continue to invest in the infrastructure and support for our SaaS solutions while maintaining profitability in our U.S. and international Marketing Services segments. The growth of our SaaS solutions placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. In order to manage this growth effectively, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. Failure to effectively manage growth, or failure to achieve our growth strategy, could result in difficulty or delays in maintaining clients, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features, or other operational difficulties; and any of these difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our reliance on, and extension of credit to, small and medium sized local businesses could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we extend credit to SMBs in the form of a trade receivable for advertising purchases. Local businesses, however, tend to have fewer financial resources and higher failure rates than large businesses, especially during a downturn in the general economy. Also, the proliferation of very large retail stores may continue to adversely affect local businesses. We believe these limitations contribute significantly toward clients not renewing their subscriptions. If clients fail to pay within specified credit terms, we may cancel their advertising in future directories, which could further impact our ability to collect past due amounts, as well as adversely impact our advertising sales and revenue trends. In addition, full or partial collection of delinquent accounts can take an extended period of time. Consequently, we could be adversely affected by our dependence on, and our extension of credit to, local businesses in the form of trade receivables. 
 
 If we are unable to develop or to sell our Thryv platform into new markets or to further penetrate existing markets, our revenue may not grow as expected. 
 
 Our ability to increase revenue will depend, in large part, on our ability to increase sales from existing clients who do not utilize our Thryv platform and to sell our existing platform into new domestic and international markets. The success of our Thryv platform depends on several factors, including the introduction and market acceptance of our Thryv platform, the ability to maintain and to develop relationships with third-party service providers, and the ability to attract, to retain and to effectively train sales and marketing personnel. Any new solutions we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Any new markets in which we attempt to sell our Thryv platform and add-ons, including new countries or regions, may not be receptive. Additionally, any expansion into new markets will require commensurate ongoing expansion of our monitoring of local laws and regulations, which increases our costs as well as the risk of the product not incorporating in a timely fashion or all the necessary changes to enable a client to be compliant with such laws. Our ability to further penetrate our existing markets depends on the quality of our Thryv platform and add-ons and our ability to design our solutions to meet consumer demand. Furthermore, our ability to increase sales from existing clients depends on our clients satisfaction with our services and our clients desire for additional solutions and to expand from single-point solutions to our comprehensive Thryv platform. If we are unable to sell solutions into new markets or to further penetrate existing markets, or to increase sales from existing clients, our revenue may not grow as expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the success of any geographic expansion depends on our ability to customize products to integrate with third-party applications in that region and other market specific customizations, translate products for non-English speaking markets and provide customer service and training in local languages, which we may be unable to do successfully. 
 
 18 

We are dependent upon client renewals, the addition of new clients, increased revenue from existing clients and the continued growth of the market for our Thryv platform and any impact on these factors could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We expect to derive a substantial portion of our future revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our Thryv platform. The market for small business management solutions is still evolving, and competitive dynamics may cause pricing levels to change as the market matures and as existing and new market participants introduce new types of point applications and different approaches to enable businesses to address their respective needs. As a result, we may be forced to reduce the prices we charge for our Thryv platform and may be unable to renew existing client agreements or enter into new client agreements at the same prices and upon the same terms that we have historically. In addition, our growth strategy involves cross-selling to existing U.S. and international Marketing Services clients to increase the value of our client relationships over time as we expand their use of our services, onboard other parts of their organizations and upsell additional offerings and features. If our cross-selling efforts are unsuccessful or if our existing clients fail to expand their use of our Thryv platform or adopt additional offerings and features, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our subscription renewals may decrease, and any decrease in our number of clients could harm our future revenue and operating results. 
 
 Our Thryv platform clients have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our platform after the expiration of their initial contractual subscription periods. Our agreements with our Thryv platform clients are typically structured on an initial multi-month subscription basis with automatic monthly renewal thereafter; consequently, our clients may choose to terminate their agreements with us at any time after the expiration of the initial term by providing us with the amount of written notice stipulated in the contract. In addition, our clients may seek to renew for lower subscription amounts or for shorter contract lengths. Also, clients may choose not to renew their subscriptions for a variety of reasons. Our renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including limited client resources, pricing changes, the prices of services offered by our competitors, adoption and utilization of our platform and related add-ons by our clients, adoption of our new solutions, client satisfaction with our platform, mergers and acquisitions affecting our client base, reductions in our clients spending levels or declines in client activity as a result of economic downturns or uncertainty in financial markets. If our clients do not renew their subscriptions for our platform or if they decrease the amount they spend with us, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer. In addition, a subscription model creates certain risks related to the timing of revenue recognition and potential reductions in cash flows. 
 
 If we fail to further enhance our brand or maintain our existing strong brand awareness, our ability to expand our client base may be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. 
 
 We believe that our development of the Thryv brand and maintenance of our existing PYP and IYP brands, including The Real Yellow Pages and Yellowpages.com, is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our existing and future solutions and, as a result, is important to attracting new clients and maintaining existing clients. In the past, our efforts to build our brands have involved significant expenses, and we believe that this investment has resulted in relatively strong brand recognition in the SMB market. Successful promotion and maintenance of our brands will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide a reliable and useful Thryv platform at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain profitability in the future, and our past performance may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had an accumulated deficit of 238.9 million . If we are unable to acquire new clients cost effectively, we may incur net losses. 
 
 We also expect our expenses to increase in the future due to anticipated increases in our SaaS segment sales, general and administrative expenses, including expenses associated with being a public company, product development and management expenses or expenses related to acquisitions, which could impact our ability to sustain profitability in the future. Additionally, while the majority of our revenue in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 came from advertising services provided in local classified print directories and digital marketing solutions, such as search, display and social media, future development of new services may initially have a lower profit margin than our existing services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. 
 
 19 

The continuing decline in the use of print directories and in our ability to attain new or renewed print agreements continues to adversely affect our business. 
 
 Overall references to print directories, including our Print Yellow Pages, in the United States have been declining s ince the early 2000s. This decline is primarily attributable to increased use of internet search providers, as well as the proliferation of large retail stores for which consumers and businesses may not reference the print directories. While we expect the decline in usage will continue to negatively affect advertising sales associated with our traditional print business, a significant further decline in usage of our print directories could impair our ability to maintain or increase advertising prices, which may cause businesses to reduce or discontinue purchasing advertising in our print directories. Either or both of these factors could adversely affect our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These trends have resulted in declining print advertising sales, and we expect these trends to continue in 2022 and beyond. 
 
 In addition, a portion of the revenue we report each period results from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to agreements entered into during previous periods. A decline in new or renewed agreements in any period may not be immediately reflected in our reported financial results for that period but may result in a decline in our revenue in future periods. If we were to experience significant downturns in agreements and renewals, our reported financial results might not reflect such downturns until future periods. 
 
 Providing technology-based marketing solutions to small businesses is an evolving market that may not grow as quickly as we anticipate, or at all. 
 
 The value of our solutions is predicated upon the assumption that online and mobile presence, acquisition and retention marketing and the ability to connect and interact with consumers online and on mobile devices are, and will continue to be, important and valuable strategies for small businesses to enhance their abilities to establish, grow, manage and market their businesses. If this assumption is incorrect, or if small businesses do not, or perceive that they do not, derive sufficient value from our solutions, then our ability to retain existing clients, attract new clients and grow our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are not able to provide new or enhanced functionality and features, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully provide new or enhanced functionality and features for our existing solutions that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments. For example, we are focused on enhancing the connectivity and integration of add-ons to our Thryv platform to expand its utility for our SMB clients. The success of new or enhanced functionality and features depends on several factors, including their overall effectiveness and the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the enhancements, new features, or applications. Furthermore, we depend on both internal development and our third-party software partners to develop and implement their own enhancements, new features, or applications that can then be integrated into the Thryv platform. Failure in either of these areas may significantly impair our revenue growth. 
 
 In addition, because our solutions are designed to operate on a variety of systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our solutions to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware, iOS and other software and communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in developing these new or enhanced functionalities and features, or in bringing them to market in a timely fashion. If we do not continue to innovate and deliver high-quality, technologically advanced solutions, we will not remain competitive, which could have a material adverse effect in our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any failure of our Thryv platform and add-ons to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our Thryv platform and add-ons, result in client dissatisfaction and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 20 

We may be unsuccessful in identifying and acquiring suitable acquisition candidates or in integrating any businesses that are or have been acquired. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 One of our key growth strategies is to acquire other businesses or to invest in complementary companies, channels, platforms or technologies that we believe could expand our client base or otherwise offer growth opportunities into new markets. We may also in the future seek to acquire or invest in other businesses, applications or technologies that operate in different industries than ours if we determine that an attractive investment or acquisition opportunity has been presented to us. We may not be able to identify appropriate acquisition candidates or, if we do, we may not be able to negotiate successfully the terms of an acquisition, finance the acquisition or integrate the acquired business effectively and profitably into our existing operations. Acquired businesses may not provide us with successful client conversions, achieve the levels of revenue or profitability anticipated, or otherwise perform as expected. In addition, the pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. Acquisitions involve special risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and difficulties in integrating acquired businesses. 
 
 In addition, we may be unable to successfully integrate businesses that we have acquired or may acquire in the future. The integration of an acquisition involves a number of factors that may affect our operations. These factors include: 
 difficulties in converting the clients of the acquired business onto our Thryv platform; 
 difficulties in converting the clients of the acquired business to our Marketing Services offerings or to our contract terms; 
 diversion of management s attention; 
 incurrence of significant amounts of additional debt; 
 creation of significant contingent earn out obligations or other financial liabilities; 
 increased expenses, including, but not limited to, legal, administrative and compensation expenses; 
 difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, including the integration of data and information solutions or other technologies; 
 entry into unfamiliar segments; 
 adverse effects to our existing business relationships with business partners and clients as a result of the acquisition; 
 difficulties retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and client relationships of the businesses we acquire; 
 cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 
 unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; and 
 tax and accounting issues. 
 A failure to integrate acquisitions efficiently, may be disruptive to our operations and adversely impact our revenues or increase our expenses. 
 
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could increase our interest payments. To finance any acquisitions, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which would dilute the ownership of our stockholders. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may not be able to acquire other companies using our stock as consideration. Alternatively, it may be necessary for us to raise additional funds for acquisitions through public or private financings. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 
 We also may divest or sell assets or businesses that we acquire, and we may have difficulty selling such assets or businesses on acceptable terms or in a timely manner. This could result in a delay in the achievement of our strategic objectives, additional expense, or the sale of such assets or businesses at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we anticipated. 
 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the event that the book value of goodwill or other intangible assets is impaired, any such impairment would be charged to earnings in the period of impairment. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to record charges based on 
 21 

this impairment assessment process, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Expansion of our operations to, and offering our services in, markets outside of the U.S. subjects us to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 
 
 We are continuing to expand our operations by offering our products and services in Australia and Canada, and may expand to additional markets outside of the U.S. in the future, which increases our exposure to the inherent risks of doing business in international markets. Depending on the market, these risks include those relating to: 
 
 changes in local economic environment; 
 political instability; 
 trade regulations; 
 intellectual property legal protections; 
 procedures and actions affecting pricing, reimbursement and marketing of our products and services; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency rates; 
 additional U.S. and foreign taxes; 
 changes in local laws or regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof; 
 potentially longer ramp-up times for offering our services; and 
 data and privacy regulations. 
 
 Issues relating to the failure to comply with applicable non-U.S. laws, requirements or restrictions may also impact our domestic business and/or raise scrutiny on our domestic practices. 
 
 Additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international business and operations will be different than those affecting our domestic business and operations. For example, conducting international operations requires us to devote significant management resources to implement our controls and systems in new markets, to comply with local laws and regulations, including to fulfill financial reporting requirements, and to overcome the numerous new challenges inherent in managing international operations. 
 
 Any expansion of our international operations through acquisitions or through organic growth could increase these risks. Additionally, while we may invest material amounts of capital and incur significant costs in connection with the growth and development of our international operations, including to start up or acquire new businesses, we may not be able to operate them profitably on the anticipated timeline, or at all. 
 
 These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. 
 
 We have recorded impairment charges in the past and may record impairment charges in the future. 
 
 We are required, at least annually, or as facts and circumstances warrant, to test goodwill to determine if impairment has occurred. We are also required to test certain other assets for impairment as facts and circumstances warrant. Impairment may result from any number of factors, including adverse changes in assumptions used for valuation purposes, such as sales, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data or other factors. If the testing indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the secular decline in industry demand for print services along with the trending decline in our Marketing Services client base and competition in the consumer search and display space adversely impacted certain of the assumptions used to estimate the discounted future cash flows of some of our reporting units for purposes of performing our interim goodwill impairment test. As a result, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 102.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 to reduce goodwill for our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 566.0 million of goodwill, with 288.6 million related to the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment, 218.9 million related to the Thryv U.S. SaaS segment and 58.5 million related to the Thryv International Marketing Services segment. The expected continued secular decline in industry demand for print services, increased 
 22 

competition, changes in valuation assumptions or other factors could result in impairment charges in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Strategic Relationships and Third Parties 
 
 We have agreements with several major internet search engines and search sites. The termination or material alteration of one or more of these agreements could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have agreements with several internet search engines and search or directory websites providers, which makes our content easier for search engines to access and provides a greater response for our clients to general searches on the internet. Under the terms of the agreements with these search providers, we place our clients advertisements on major search engines and other third-party search and directory sites and print directories, which give us access to a higher volume of traffic than we could generate on our own, without relinquishing the client relationship. The search engines benefit from our outside and inside sales force and full-service capabilities for attracting and serving local advertisers that might not otherwise transact business with search engines. Other third-party directories and search sites benefit from our payment for traffic from their sites to our advertisers. The termination or material alteration of one or more of our agreements with major search engines or third-party providers could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 
 
 In order to grow our business, we anticipate that we will continue to depend on the continuation and expansion of relationships with vendors and other third parties. In our SaaS segment, such third parties include third-party service providers (i.e., software developers and hosting services), sales channel partners and technology and content providers. In our U.S. and international Marketing Services segments, we depend upon third parties to print, publish and distribute our directories. Identifying partners and negotiating and documenting relationships with them requires significant time and resources. In addition, the third parties we partner with may not perform as expected under our agreements, and we may have disagreements or disputes with such third parties, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation. 
 
 Additionally, we rely on the expansion of our relationships with our third-party providers as we enhance our service offerings. While some of our agreements with third parties include exclusivity provisions, we may lose the exclusivity or other protections we have in force due to our own performance or efforts by our competitors or business problems these third parties encounter. Typically, our agreements are non-exclusive and do not prohibit our third-party providers from working with our competitors. 
 
 If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third-party service providers, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third-party service providers for many aspects of our business. If one or more of our third-party service providers experiences a disruption, goes out of business, experiences a decline in quality, or terminates its relationship with us, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third-party service providers for many integral aspects of our business. A failure on the part of any of our third-party service providers to fulfill its contracts with us could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We depend on our third parties for many services, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Development and delivery of Thryv modules 
 
 We utilize third-party service providers for a variety of components and feature sets and related intellectual property underlying or incorporated in the Thryv platform. Additionally, we utilize third-party service providers for the development and maintenance of our Thryv platform, as well as hosting the Thryv platform itself through a third party s relationship with a cloud services provider. We also rely on a third-party solution for order entry and monthly payment processing for Thryv orders. Any decline in the quality of, or delay in delivery of, modules or other software produced by such third-party service providers could result in reduced revenue, cause an increase in operational costs to switch providers, subject us to liability, or cause clients to fail or be unable to renew their subscriptions, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Typically, our license agreements with third-party service providers are not exclusive and/or do not extend to all territories in which we may wish to do business in the future, and in certain cases, our third-party service providers have the right to distribute features developed for our Thryv platform in their own software offerings, which could adversely impact select functionality of our platform as well as adversely affect our business, our ability to compete with our competitors, and our 
 23 

ability to generate revenue. If our agreements with our third-party service providers expire or are terminated, we may face loss of functionality or costs associated with replacing the relevant technology. Such expiration or termination may also disrupt our business, leading to liability to customers or loss of business. 
 
 Upkeep of data centers 
 
 We host our consumer-facing internet sites, which are a major source of low-cost fulfillment traffic for our clients and serve most of our digital service clients from data centers operated by third-party providers, primarily Amazon Web Services. While we control and have access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are located in our external data centers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. The owners of our data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. These third parties may also seek to cap their maximum contractual liability, resulting in Thryv being financially responsible for losses caused by their actions or omissions. Additionally, we host our internal systems through data centers that we operate and lease in Texas and Virginia. If we are unable to renew our agreements with our third-party providers or to renew our leases on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our data center operators is acquired, we may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with any such transfer. Both our third-party data centers and data centers that we lease and operate are subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. Any such acts could result in a breach of the security of our or our clients data. 
 
 Problems faced by our third-party data center locations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our clients. We have periodically experienced service disruptions in the past, and we may experience interruptions or delays in our service in the future. Our third-party data centers operators could also decide to close their facilities without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by our third-party data center operators or any of the third-party service providers with whom we or they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. Additionally, if our data centers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could adversely affect the growth of our business. While we maintain both redundancy and disaster recovery protocols, any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any security breaches, errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our Thryv platform and add-ons could adversely affect our reputation, damage our clients stored files, result in lengthy interruptions in our services, or otherwise result in damage or losses to our clients for which they may seek compensation from us. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data center services we use. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, cause us to issue refunds to clients for prepaid and unused subscription services, subject us to potential liability, or adversely affect our renewals. 
 
 Monitoring of changes to applicable laws 
 
 We and our third-party providers must monitor for any changes or updates in laws that are applicable to the solutions that we or our third-party providers provide to our clients. In addition, we are reliant on our third-party providers to modify the solutions that they provide to our clients to enable our clients to comply with changes to such laws and regulations. If our third-party providers fail to reflect changes or updates in applicable laws in the solutions that they provide to our clients in a timely manner, we could be subject to negative client experiences, harm to our reputation, loss of clients, claims for any fines, penalties or other damages suffered by our clients and other financial harm. 
 
 Printing of directories 
 
 In our U.S. and international Marketing Services segments, we depend on third parties to supply paper and to print, publish and distribute our directories. In connection with these services, we rely on the systems and services of our third-party service providers, their ability to perform key functions on our behalf in a timely manner and in accordance with agreed levels of service and their ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel to perform services on our behalf. There are a limited number of these providers with sufficient scale to meet our needs. A failure in the systems of one of our key third-party service providers, or their inability to perform in accordance with the terms of our contracts or to retain sufficient qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. If we were to lose the services of any of our key third-party providers, we would be required to hire and train sufficient personnel to perform these services or to find an alternative service provider. In some cases, it would be impractical for us to perform these functions, including the printing of our directories. In the event we were required to perform any of the services that we currently outsource, it is unlikely that we would be able to perform them without incurring additional 
 24 

costs. A failure on the part of any of our third-party service providers could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we, or our third-party providers, do not keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards, we may not be able to remain competitive, and the demand for our services may decline. 
 
 The markets in which we operate, particularly in our SaaS segment, are characterized by the following factors: 
 
 changes due to rapid technological advances; 
 additional qualification requirements related to technological challenges; and 
 evolving industry standards and changes in the regulatory and legislative environment. 
 
 Our future success will depend upon our ability to anticipate and to adapt to changes in technology and industry standards and to effectively develop, introduce, market and gain broad acceptance of new product and service enhancements incorporating the latest technological advancements. Furthermore, we depend on our third-party providers to also keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards. If our third-party providers are unable to adapt to technological changes, this could also have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain or increase our client subscription base or cause us to incur additional operational costs involved with switching third-party providers. 
 
 If our competitors products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our Thryv platform and add-ons, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their product offerings or resources. In addition, some of our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price. If we are unable to achieve our target pricing levels or if we experience significant pricing pressures, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we do not maintain the compatibility of our Thryv platform with third-party applications that our clients use in their businesses, our revenue will decline. 
 
 A percentage of our clients choose to integrate our platform with certain capabilities provided by third-party software platforms created by our third-party providers and application providers using application programming interfaces APIs ), either as publicly available no-fee licenses or through fee-based partnership arrangements. The functionality and popularity of our Thryv platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate our platform with third-party applications and platforms, including but not limited to CRM, CMS, omnichannel email and text marketing automation, accounting, e-commerce, call center, analytics and social media sites that our clients use and from which they obtain data. Third-party providers of applications and APIs may change the features of their applications and platforms, restrict our access to their applications and platforms, terminate or elect not to renew our partnership agreements or otherwise alter the terms governing use of their applications and APIs and access to those applications and platforms in an adverse manner. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party applications and platforms in conjunction with our platform, which could adversely impact our offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our Thryv platform with new third-party applications and platforms that our clients use for marketing, sales or services purposes, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our clients need, which would adversely impact our ability to generate revenue and harm our business. 
 
 We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our platform and disrupt our business. 
 
 The success of our services depends on our ability to deliver data to both consumers and our clients, such as website searches, client leads and social media updates. Certain of this data is provided by unaffiliated third parties, such as business data aggregators (e.g. doctor, hotel or other data aggregators) and vertical industry organizations, to supplement our own business listings for our search sites. Data we provide our clients about their presence on other internet sites and social media is also provided by third parties. Some of this data is provided to us pursuant to third-party data-sharing policies and terms of use, under data-sharing agreements by third-party providers or by client consent. In the future, any of these third parties could change its data-sharing policies, including making them more restrictive, or alter its algorithms that determine the placement, display and accessibility of search results and social media updates, any of which could result in the loss of, or significant impairment to, our ability to collect and provide useful data to our clients. These third parties could also interpret our or our third-party service providers data collection policies or practices as being inconsistent with their policies, which could result in the loss of our ability to collect this data for our clients. Any such changes could impair our ability to deliver data to our 
 25 

clients and could adversely impact select functionality of our platform, impairing the return on investment that our clients derive from using our solution, as well as adversely affecting our business and our ability to generate revenue. 
 
 Risks Related to the Economy, Disasters, COVID-19 Pandemic and Other External Factors 
 
 Adverse economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for marketing solutions, especially business management software by SMBs, and on the economic health of our current and prospective clients. Past financial recessions have resulted in a significant weakening of the economy in North America and globally, a reduction in employment levels, a reduction in prevailing interest rates, more limited availability of credit, a reduction in business confidence and activity and other difficulties. Such difficulties have affected, and any current or future adverse economic conditions may continue to affect, one or more of the industries to which we sell our offerings. In addition, there has been pressure to reduce government spending in the United States, and any tax increases and spending cuts at the federal level might reduce demand for our offerings from organizations that receive funding from the U.S. government and could negatively affect the U.S. economy, which could further reduce demand for our offerings. 
 
 Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and spending levels for our offerings may not increase following any recovery. 
 
 Public health epidemics or outbreaks may reduce or delay spending on day-to-day purchases, which could result in a reduction in the level of business conducted by our clients. As a result, our clients may reduce their spending on marketing services and business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Public health epidemics or outbreaks could adversely impact our business. In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China and has since spread, causing significant disruption to the global economy. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Despite quarantining and adjustments of work schemes, our employees or staff have been, and may continue to be affected by the coronavirus epidemic, and we may experience significant future disruptions to our business operations, which may adversely affect our service quality and thereby our business reputation. Certain states may also ban the solicitation for new clients during a public health epidemic, which could result in our inability to acquire new clients. In addition, the continued spread and increasing impact of the coronavirus in the United States and Australia could adversely impact demand for our clients services or the level of business conducted by our clients. Such conditions could affect the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our clients ability or willingness to purchase our solutions; the timing of our current or prospective clients purchasing decisions; pressure for pricing discounts or extended payment terms; reductions in the amount or duration of clients subscription contracts; or increase client churn, all of which could adversely affect our future sales, operating results and overall financial performance. If the pandemic has a continued and substantial impact on the ability of our clients to purchase our solutions, our results of operations and overall financial performance may be harmed. 
 
 In response to the pandemic, we implemented a work from home policy, with the majority of our employees conducting their work outside of our physical offices. We currently intend to continue our work from home policy indefinitely, and we have taken steps to enable the majority of our employees to work from home permanently. All employees were provided or already possessed a company laptop and access to all necessary systems to perform their essential job functions. It is more difficult for us to manage and monitor our employees in remote settings, and we have and may continue to expend more management time and incur more costs to do so. Employees working from home may also face additional distractions that negatively affect their performance. If our employees are not able to effectively work remotely on a permanent basis, this may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our long-term work from home policy could also increase our cyber-security risk, create data accessibility concerns and make us more susceptible to communication disruptions, any of which could adversely impact our business operations. 
 
 At this point, the extent to which the pandemic may impact our financial condition or results of operations, including our long-range plan, is uncertain. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience significant impacts to our business as a result of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any economic downturn or recession or other long-term effects that have occurred or may occur in the future. 
 
 26 

Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. 
 
 While we and our third-party providers host our Thryv platform and serve most of our digital clients on cloud services, should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss, telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made disaster, our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. In such an event, we could experience operational challenges with regard to particular areas of our operations, such as key executive officers or personnel that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. 
 
 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 
 We depend on our senior management team, and the loss of one or more key employees or an inability to attract and to retain highly skilled employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers. Specifically, we believe that the continued employment of our CEO and Chairman, Joseph A. Walsh, will play an important part in our success. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of marketing, sales, services and general and administrative functions and on mission-critical individual contributors in all such areas. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. We do not have employment agreements with most of our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period, and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Additionally, we do not maintain key man insurance on any of our executive officers or key employees. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Turnover among our outside and inside sales force or key management could adversely affect our business and the loss of a significant number of experienced key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 Our success also depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified sales personnel. To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for personnel is intense, including without limitation for individuals with high levels of experience in designing and developing software and internet-related services and senior sales executives. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees have or that we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the stock awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our stock awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and to retain highly skilled employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and to motivate our current personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A portion of our employees are represented by unions. Our business could be adversely affected by future labor negotiations and our ability to maintain good relations with our unionized employees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 294 employees, or 10 of our employees and 26 of our sales force, were represented by unions. In addition, the employees of some of our key suppliers are represented by unions. Work stoppages or slowdowns involving our union-represented employees, or those of our suppliers, could significantly disrupt our operations and increase operating costs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 27 

The inability to negotiate acceptable terms with the unions could also result in increased operating costs from higher wages or benefits paid to union employees or replacement workers. A greater percentage of our work force could also become represented by unions. If a union decides to strike and others choose to honor its picket line, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our solutions and our business are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those regarding privacy, data protection and information security. Any failure by us or our third-party service providers, as well as the failure of our platform or services, to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We and our clients are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including regulation by various federal government agencies, including the U.S. Federal Communication Commission FCC (telemarketing and text marketing), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC (advertising laws, Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing CAN-SPAM Act compliance), U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (as amended and together with its implementing regulations, HIPAA compliance, and state and local agencies. The Telephone Consumer Protection Act governs our ability to offer text marketing services to our clients and recorded calls. Increasingly, though inconsistently, both state and federal courts are finding obligations on businesses even small ones to make their websites and any videos posted online fully accessible to those with disabilities under both the ADA and various states laws, which impacts our website and video offerings. The United States and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on, or requirements regarding, the collection, distribution, use, security and storage of personally identifiable information PII of individuals; and the FTC and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards on the online collection, use and dissemination of data. Self-regulatory obligations, other industry standards, policies and other legal obligations may apply to our collection, distribution, use, security, or storage of PII or other data relating to individuals. In addition, most states and some foreign governments have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of PII. These obligations may be interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with one another, other regulatory requirements, or our internal practices. 
 
 We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, Canada, the European Union (the E.U a nd other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. For example, in May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation came into effect, which brought with it a complete overhaul of E.U. data protection laws: the new rules superseded then-current E.U. data protection legislation, imposed more stringent E.U. data protection requirements and provided for greater penalties for non-compliance. In addition, the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 CCPA became effective January 1, 2020, with implications for consumer privacy in the U.S. that reach beyond California. HIPAA, as amended by Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, affects our ability to provide our solutions to medical and healthcare businesses that are Covered Entities or Business Associates under those laws. New York s SHIELD Act may impact our ability to offer our services to financial businesses due to its compliance requirements for data collection and security. Changing definitions of what constitutes PII may also limit or inhibit our ability to operate or to expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data, especially in the context of the digital advertising ecosystem. Also, some jurisdictions require that certain types of data be retained on localized servers within these jurisdictions, which could impact our ability to make solutions that impact all our clients needs. 
 
 Evolving and changing definitions of what constitutes PII within the United States, Canada, Australia, the European Union and elsewhere, especially relating to the classification of internet protocol, or IP addresses, machine or device identification numbers, location data and other information, as well as the use of PII for machine learning process or algorithm movement may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or to expand our business. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could impair our ability to collect or to use information that we utilize to provide email delivery and marketing services to our clients, thereby impairing our ability to maintain and to grow our client base and to increase revenue. Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing, or disclosure of our clients data or additional requirements for express or implied consent of clients for the use and disclosure of such information may limit our ability to develop new services and features. 
 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws, directives and regulations may result in enforcement action against us, including fines and imprisonment, or actions against our clients who may not fully understand the impact of these laws on their businesses and damage to our reputation, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 28 

The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by, such laws and regulations that are applicable to us or to the businesses of our clients, may limit the use and adoption of our Thryv platform and add-ons and reduce overall demand, or lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for any non-compliance with such privacy laws. Furthermore, privacy concerns may cause our clients workers and our clients customers to resist providing PII necessary to allow our clients to use our Thryv platform and add-ons effectively. Furthermore, if the processing of PII were to be curtailed in this manner, our solutions would be less effective, which may reduce demand for our Thryv platform and add-ons, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our Thryv platform and add-ons in certain industries. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with U.S., Australia, E.U., or other foreign privacy or security laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, or legal obligations, or any security incident that results in the unauthorized access to, or acquisition, release, or transfer of, PII may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse publicity and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our service is perceived to cause, or is otherwise unfavorably associated with, violations of privacy or data security requirements, it may subject us or our clients to public criticism and potential legal liability. Public concerns regarding PII processing, privacy and security may cause some of our clients end-users to be less likely to visit their websites or otherwise interact with them. If enough end-users choose not to interact with our clients, our clients could stop using our platform. This, in turn, may reduce the value of our services and slow or eliminate the growth of our business. Existing and potential privacy laws and regulations concerning privacy and data security and increasing sensitivity of consumers to unauthorized processing of PII may create negative public reactions to technologies, products and services, such as ours. 
 
 Further, the Biden administration may enact comprehensive tax reform or other regulatory changes, which may have an adverse impact to our effective tax rate or other aspects of our business. 
 
 Industry-specific regulation and other requirements and standards are evolving and unfavorable industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business. 
 
 We maintain clients in a variety of industries, including healthcare, financial services, the public sector and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted, and may in the future adopt, regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit our clients use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain clients, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our clients are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our clients may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the New York SHIELD Law, CCPA, Payment Card Industry PCI Data Security Standards, may have an adverse impact on our business and results. Furthermore, we and our clients in the healthcare industry are regulated by HIPAA, which establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of protected health information PHI and requires the implementation of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form, as well as breach notification procedures for breaches of PHI and penalties for violation of HIPAA s requirements for entities subject to its regulation. We work to maintain compliance with the relevant industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our clients, but if in the future we are unable to achieve or maintain such certifications, requirements or standards, it may harm our business and adversely affect our results. 
 
 Further, in some cases, industry-specific laws, regionally-specific, or product-specific laws, regulations, or interpretive positions may also apply directly to us as a service provider. The interpretation of many of these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an inability to comply may have an adverse impact on our business and results. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, there are various statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to the direct email marketing and text-messaging industries, including the CAN-SPAM Act, Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA and related FCC orders. The TCPA and FCC rulings impose significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls and text messages to mobile telephone numbers as a means of communication, when the prior express consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained or proof of such consent not properly maintained. We may in the future be subject to one or more lawsuits, containing allegations that one of our platforms or clients using our platform violated industry-specific regulations and any 
 29 

determination that we or our clients violated such regulations could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Clients may depend on our solutions to enable them to comply with applicable laws, or may not fully comprehend the applicable laws impact on them when using our solutions, which requires us and our third-party providers to constantly monitor applicable laws and to make applicable changes to our solutions. If our solutions have not been updated to enable the client to comply with applicable laws or we fail to update our solutions on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Clients may rely on our solutions to enable them to comply with applicable laws in areas in which the solutions are intended for use. Changes in laws and regulations could require us to make significant modifications to our products or to delay or to cease sales of certain products, which could result in reduced revenues or revenue growth and our incurring substantial expenses and write-offs. Although we believe that our solutions provide us with flexibility to release updates in response to these changes, we cannot be certain that we will be able to make the necessary changes to our solutions and release updates on a timely basis, or at all. In addition, we are reliant on our third-party service providers to modify the solutions that they provide to our clients through our platform to comply with changes to such laws and regulations. The number of laws and regulations that we are required to monitor will increase as we expand the geographic region in which our solutions are offered. When a law changes, we must then test our solutions to meet the requirements necessary to enable our clients to comply with the new law or assist them in not violating the law through typical usage. If our solutions fail to enable a client to comply with applicable laws, or expose a client to legal action via typical usage of our solutions, we could be subject to negative client experiences, harm to our reputation or loss of clients, claims for any fines, penalties or other damages suffered by our client and other financial harm. Additionally, the costs associated with such monitoring implementation of changes are significant. If our solutions do not enable our clients to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or prevent them from exposing themselves to liability through typical usage, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, if we fail to make any changes to our solutions as described herein, which are required as a result of such changes to, or enactment of, any applicable laws in a timely fashion, we could be responsible for fines and penalties implemented by governmental and regulatory bodies. Our payment of fines, penalties, interest, or other damages as a result of our failure to provide compliance services prior to deadlines may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 An information security breach of our systems or our data centers operated by third-party providers, the loss of, or unauthorized access to, client information, or a system disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, market brand, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is dependent on our data processing systems and our data centers operated by third-party providers. We rely on these systems to process, on a daily and time sensitive basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We electronically receive, process, store and transmit data and PII about our clients and our employees, as well as our vendors and other business partners, including names, social security numbers, credit card numbers and financial account numbers. We keep this information confidential. However, our websites, networks, applications and technologies and other information systems have in the past, and will continue to be targeted for sabotage, disruption, or data misappropriation. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of PII and other client and individual information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. While we have information security and business continuity programs, these plans may not be sufficient to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our systems or to prevent unauthorized access to the systems by unauthorized third parties. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. These concerns about information security increase with the mounting sophistication of social engineering. Our network security hardening may be bypassed by phishing and other social engineering techniques that seek to use end-user behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems, which might disrupt our delivery of services and make them unavailable and might also result in the disclosure or misappropriation of PII or other confidential or sensitive information. In addition, a significant cyber-security breach could prevent or delay our ability to process payment transactions. 
 
 Any information security breach in our business processes or of our processing systems has the potential to impact our client information and our financial reporting capabilities, which could result in the potential loss of business and our ability to accurately report financial results. If any of these systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a brief period of time, we could potentially miss a critical filing period, resulting in potential fees and penalties, or lose control of client data, all of which could result in financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory 
 30 

intervention, or damage to our reputation. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee or subcontractor error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to client data, our reputation may be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period of time. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and are growing increasingly sophisticated. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 This environment demands that we continuously improve our design and coordination of security controls throughout the Company. Our Board of Directors (the Board ), in coordination with the audit committee thereof, has primary responsibility for overseeing cyber-security risk management and the effectiveness of security controls. The audit committee of the Board receives quarterly reports identifying major risk area exposures, such as cyber-security. In the event that the audit committee identifies significant risk exposures, including with respect to cyber-security, it will present such exposure to the Board to assess our risk identification, risk management and mitigation strategies. Despite these efforts, it is possible that our security controls over data, training and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of PII or other confidential information. Any issue of data privacy as it relates to unauthorized access to or loss of client and/or employee information could result in the potential loss of business, damage to our market reputation, litigation and regulatory investigation and penalties. 
 
 There may be other such security vulnerabilities that come to our attention. Our continued investment in the security of our technology systems, continued efforts to improve the controls within our technology systems, business processes improvements and the enhancements to our culture of information security may not successfully prevent attempts to breach our security or unauthorized access to PII or other confidential, sensitive or proprietary information. In addition, in the event of a catastrophic occurrence, either natural or man-made, our ability to protect our infrastructure, including PII and other client data and to maintain ongoing operations could be significantly impaired. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies may not be successful in mitigating the effects of a catastrophic occurrence. Insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our insurance policies may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. If our security is breached, if PII or other confidential information is accessed, or if we experience a catastrophic occurrence, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our services present the potential for identity theft, embezzlement, or other similar illegal behavior by our employees and contractors with respect to third parties, which could damage our reputation, lead to legal liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The services offered by us generally require or involve collecting PII of our clients and / or their employees, such as their full names, birth dates, addresses, employer records, tax information, social security numbers, credit card numbers and bank account information. This information can be used by criminals to commit identity theft, to impersonate third parties, or to otherwise gain access to the data or funds of an individual. If any of our employees or contractors take, convert, or misuse such PII, funds or other documents or data, we could be liable for damages, and our business reputation could be damaged or destroyed. Moreover, if we fail to adequately prevent third parties from accessing PII and/or business information and using that information to commit identity theft, we might face legal liabilities and other losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 
 Various trademarks and other intellectual property rights are key to our business. We rely upon a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws as well as contractual arrangements, including confidentiality or license agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be ineffective or inadequate. We may be required to bring lawsuits against third parties to protect our intellectual property rights. Similarly, we may be party to proceedings by third parties challenging our rights. Lawsuits brought by us may not be successful, or we may be found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. As the commercial use of the internet further expands, it may be more difficult. 
 
 In order to protect our trade names, including Thryv , Thryv Leads , Thryv Complete SM , Thryv Your Business Smarter , The Real Yellow Pages , Yellowpages.com , Dexknows.com and Superpages.com , from domain name infringement or to prevent others from using internet domain names that associate their businesses with ours, Thryv seeks formal registrations from the USPTO, participates in a tracking service for all Thryv domestic and internal trademarks and 
 31 

works with specialized outside counsel. In the past, we have received claims of material infringement of intellectual property rights. For example, we have had to defend against copyright violation claims on licensed images included in our print and internet directories and websites and patent infringement claims on various technologies and functionalities included in our digital products, services, and internet sites. Related lawsuits, regardless of the outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In response to the loss of important trademarks or other intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and to protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and to enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, with no guarantee of success and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. We also maintain a moderate patent portfolio and work with specialized patent counsel to protect our technology rights . Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our solutions utilize open source software and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our solutions, such as Thryv Leads, and client consumer-facing websites and mobile applications, as well as our internal business solutions include software covered by open source licenses, such as GPL-type licenses. Although we provide what we deem to be compliant notices and attributions for the use of any open source code, the terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide our solutions or consumer-facing sites and applications. Our internal development policies and vendor contracts typically prohibit the use of open source licensed code that requires the release of the source code of our proprietary software, but any errors in application of our policies or standard contract language could potentially make our proprietary software available under open source licenses if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license of a particular type, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, to re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, or otherwise to be limited in the licensing of our technologies, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies and services. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Litigation and regulatory investigations aimed at us or resulting from our actions or the actions of our predecessors may result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation. 
 
 We face risk of litigation, regulatory investigations and similar actions in the ordinary course of our business, including the risk of lawsuits and other legal actions relating to breaches of contractual obligations or tortious claims from clients or other third parties, fines, penalties, interest, or other damages as a result of erroneous transactions, breach of data privacy laws, or lawsuits and legal actions related to us or our predecessors. Any such action may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory damages, as well as civil, regulatory, or criminal proceedings against our directors, officers, or employees, and the probability and amount of liability, if any, may remain unknown for significant periods of time. We may be also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests and book and records examinations, from regulators and other authorities in the geographical markets in which we operate. A substantial liability arising from a lawsuit judgment or settlement or a significant regulatory action against us or a disruption in our business arising from adverse adjudications in proceedings against our directors, officers, or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results or operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in or settle any litigation, regulatory action, or investigation, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our ability to attract new clients, to retain current clients and to recruit and to retain employees, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Various lawsuits and other claims typical for a business of our size and nature are pending against us, including disputes with taxing jurisdictions. See Part II - Item 8. Note 15, Contingent Liabilities for further detail. 
 
 We are also exposed to potential future claims and litigation relating to our business, as well as methods of collection, processing and use of personal data. Our clients and users of client data collected and processed by us could also file claims against us if our data were found to be inaccurate, or if personal data stored by us were improperly accessed and disseminated 
 32 

by unauthorized persons. These potential future claims could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 
 
 There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends upon our not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, including parties commonly referred to as patent trolls, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. From time to time, third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. In the future, others may claim that our Thryv platform and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights. However, we may be unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Our history of mergers and acquisitions may cause the appropriate licensing of IP rights of third parties on which we rely to be difficult to trace and prove over time. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Laws and regulations directed at limiting or restricting the distribution of our print directories or shifting the costs and responsibilities of waste management related to our print directories could adversely affect our business. 
 
 A number of states and municipalities are considering, and a limited number of municipalities have enacted, legislation or regulations that would limit or restrict our ability to distribute our print directories in the markets we serve. The most restrictive laws or regulations would prohibit us from distributing our print directories unless residents affirmatively opt in to receive our print directories. Other less restrictive laws or regulations would require us to allow residents to opt out of receiving our print directories. In addition, some states and municipalities are considering legislation or regulations that would shift the costs and responsibilities of waste management for discarded directories from municipalities to the producers of the directories. These laws and regulations will likely, if and where adopted, increase our costs, reduce the number of directories that we distribute and negatively impact our ability to market our advertising to new and existing clients. If these or similar laws and regulations are widely adopted, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 Our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to provide a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In particular, Section 404 requires us to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with applicable provisions of Section 404 requires that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues as we implement additional corporate governance practices and comply with reporting requirements. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 We have in the past identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we were required to report and remediate. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, or if in the future we identify material weaknesses, we may be unable to report our financial information accurately on a timely basis, may suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules, may breach the covenants under our credit facilities and incur additional costs. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 33 

If we are required to collect sales and use taxes in additional jurisdictions, we might be subject to liability for past sales, and our future sales may decrease. Adverse tax laws or regulations could be enacted or existing laws could be applied to us or our clients, which could increase the costs of our services and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The application of federal, state and local tax laws to services provided electronically is evolving. New income, sales, use, or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time (possibly with retroactive effect) and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the internet. These enactments could adversely affect our sales activity due to the inherent cost increase the taxes would represent and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us (possibly with retroactive effect), which could require us or our clients to pay additional tax amounts, as well as require us or our clients to pay fines or penalties and interest for past amounts. 
 
 For example, we might lose sales or incur significant expenses if states successfully impose broader guidelines on state sales and use taxes. A successful assertion by one or more states requiring us to collect sales or other taxes on the licensing of our software or provision of our services could result in substantial tax liabilities for past transactions and otherwise harm our business. Each state has different rules and regulations governing sales and use taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. We review these rules and regulations periodically and, when we believe we are subject to sales and use taxes in a particular state, we may voluntarily engage state tax authorities in order to determine how to comply with that state s rules and regulations. There is no guarantee that we will not be subject to sales and use taxes or related penalties for past sales in states where we currently believe no such taxes are required. 
 
 Vendors of services, like us, are typically held responsible by taxing authorities for the collection and payment of any applicable sales and similar taxes. If one or more taxing authorities determines that taxes should have, but have not, been paid with respect to our services, we might be liable for past taxes in addition to taxes going forward. Liability for past taxes might also include substantial interest and penalty charges. Our clients are typically wholly responsible for applicable sales and similar taxes. Nevertheless, clients might be reluctant to pay back taxes and might refuse responsibility for interest or penalties associated with those taxes. If we are required to collect and to pay back taxes and the associated interest and penalties, and if our clients fail or refuse to reimburse us for all or a portion of these amounts, we will incur unplanned expenses that may be substantial. Moreover, imposition of such taxes on us going forward will effectively increase the cost of our services to our clients and might adversely affect our ability to retain existing clients or to gain new clients in the areas in which such taxes are imposed. 
 
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had state net operating loss carryforwards due to prior period losses, which, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2023. Utilization of these net operating losses depends on many factors, including our future income, which cannot be assured. These net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Future issuances of our stock could cause an ownership change. It is possible that an ownership change could have a material effect on the use of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 34 

Operational Risks 
 
 Cost reduction efforts may be time-consuming and the associated savings may not be realized. 
 
 We have historically undertaken cost reduction programs, and we continue to evaluate our operations and may initiate further rationalization, depending on market conditions. The key components of our cost reduction program include reducing staff, restructuring our contracts and realizing savings in procurement and logistics. These cost reduction programs could result in our inability to continue to maintain a highly variable cost structure. The full benefits of these programs may be difficult to realize and any short term synergies and savings realized may not be sustainable in the long term. Losses of key personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may provide service level commitments under our client contracts. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be considered to have breached our contractual obligations, obligated to provide credits, refund prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services or face contract terminations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our client agreements for our Thryv hosted SaaS may include service level commitments which are measured on a monthly or other periodic basis. If we suffer extended periods of unavailability for our Thryv platform and add-ons, we may be contractually obligated to provide these clients with service credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services, or we could face contract claims for damages or terminations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our revenues could be significantly affected if we suffer unscheduled downtime that exceeds the disclosed downtimes under our agreements with our clients. Any extended service outages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any failure to offer high-quality or technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our clients and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We support our clients through the availability of business advisors prior to and following the onboarding of clients onto our Thryv platform. Once our solutions are deployed, our digital services clients depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our platform. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in client demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by our competitors. Increased client demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing clients. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to sell our Thryv platform and add-ons to existing and prospective clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Aging software and hardware infrastructure may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could adversely impact our financial results. 
 
 We have risks associated with aging software and hardware infrastructure assets. The age of certain of our assets may result in a need for replacement and higher level of maintenance costs. A higher level of expenses associated with our aging software and hardware infrastructure may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we or our third-party service providers fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, our existing clients may experience service outages in our Thryv platform and add-ons, and our new clients may experience delays in the deployment of our Thryv platform and add-ons, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions and data that our operations infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our operations infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our clients. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to facilitate the rapid provision of new client activations and the expansion of existing client activations. In addition, we need to properly manage our technological operations infrastructure in order to support version control, changes in hardware and software parameters and the evolution of our Thryv platform and add-ons. However, the provision of new hosting infrastructure requires significant lead time. We have experienced and may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, increased resource 
 35 

consumption from expansion or modification to our code, spikes in client usage and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements, our existing clients may experience service outages that may subject them to financial penalties, causing us to incur financial liabilities and client losses, and our operations infrastructure may fail to keep pace with increased sales, causing new clients to experience delays as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If our Thryv platform and add-ons fail to perform properly, our reputation could be adversely affected, our market share could decline, and we could be subject to liability claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our solutions are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors. Any defects in functionality or that cause interruptions in the availability of our Thryv platform and add-ons could result in: 
 
 loss or delayed market acceptance and sales; 
 breach of warranty or other contractual claims for damages incurred by clients; 
 loss of clients; 
 diversion of development and client service resources; and 
 injury to our reputation; 
 
 The occurrence of any of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors might be substantial. 
 
 Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage, it is possible that hardware failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption, or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our clients regard as significant. Furthermore, the availability or performance of our Thryv platform and add-ons could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including clients inability to access the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches, or variability in user traffic for our services. We may be required to issue credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused services or otherwise be liable to our clients for damages they may incur resulting from certain of these events. Because of the nature of our business, our reputation could be harmed as a result of factors beyond our control. For example, because our clients access our Thryv platform and add-ons through their internet service providers, if a service provider fails to provide sufficient capacity to support our platform and add-ons or otherwise experiences service outages, such failure could interrupt our clients access to or experience with our platform, which could adversely affect our reputation or our clients perception of our platform s reliability or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. 
 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 
 
 Our results of operations may vary significantly in the future and period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter or annual period should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuations in results may negatively impact the value of our common stock. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our financial results include, without limitation: 
 our ability to attract new clients; 
 our ability to manage our declining Marketing Services revenue; 
 the timing of recognition of revenues; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 network outages or security breaches; 
 36 

general economic, industry and market conditions; including as a result of war, incidents of terrorism, civil unrest, or responses to these events; 
 client renewals; 
 increases or decreases in the number of elements of our services or pricing changes upon any renewals of client agreements; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 seasonal variations in our client subscriptions; 
 fluctuation in market interest rates, which impacts debt interest expense; 
 any changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, clients, or strategic partners; and 
 the impact of new accounting rules. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. is a holding company and relies on transfers of funds and other payments from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations. 
 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of its own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash transfers in the form of intercompany loans and receivables from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. The deterioration of the earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason also could limit or impair their ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. 
 
 Our outstanding indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to operate our business, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. On March 1, 2021, we entered into a Term Loan credit agreement (the Term Loan and entered into an agreement to amend (the ABL Amendment the June 30, 2017 senior secured asset-based revolving line of credit agreement (the ABL Facility and, together with the Term Loan, the Senior Credit Facilities ). The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to finance the Thryv Australia Acquisition, refinance in full our existing term loan facility (the Senior Term Loan ), and pay fees and expenses related to the Thryv Australia Acquisition and related financing. The Term Loan established a senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 700.0 million, of which 415.3 million remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The ABL Amendment was entered into in order to permit the term loan refinancing, the Thryv Australia Acquisition and make certain other changes to the ABL credit agreement, including, among others: increase the maximum revolver amount to 175.0 million; reduce the interest rate per annum to (i) 3-month LIBOR plus 3.00 for LIBOR loans and (ii) base rate plus 2.00 for base rate loans; and reduce the commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the ABL Facility to 0.375 . 
 
 The Term Loan, which was incurred by Thryv, Inc., our operating subsidiary, is secured by all the assets of Thryv, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries and us, and is guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries. The Term Loan has a maturity date of March 31, 2026, and the ABL Facility has a maturity date on the earlier of March 31, 2026 or 91 days prior to the stated maturity date of the Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had 415.3 million principal amount outstanding (net of debt issuance costs of 14.1 million) under our Term Loan, and 54.6 million amount outstanding and 91.9 million available borrowing capacity under our ABL Facility. 
 
 Our outstanding indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we incur may have important consequences for us, including, without limitation, that: 
 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions and competitive pressures; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 restrict us from pursuing business opportunities as they arise or from successfully carrying out plans to expand our business; 
 make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including payments on our indebtedness; 
 37 

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Despite our substantial indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. 
 
 We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements governing our Senior Credit Facilities contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness we can incur in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our Senior Credit Facilities may restrict our future operations, including our ability to pursue our business strategies or respond to changes. 
 
 The agreements governing our Senior Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. These include covenants restricting, among other things, our (and our subsidiaries ability to: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 create, incur, assume or permit liens; 
 consolidate, merge, liquidate, wind up or dissolve; 
 make, purchase, hold or acquire investments, including acquisitions, loans and advances; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of equity; 
 make payments in respect of junior lien or subordinated debt; 
 sell, transfer, lease, license or sublease or otherwise dispose of assets; 
 enter into any sale and leaseback transactions; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into any restrictive agreement; 
 materially alter the business that we conduct; 
 change our fiscal year for accounting and financial reporting purposes; and 
 amend or otherwise change the terms of the documentation governing certain restricted debt. 
 
 In addition, our covenants require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. We may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from our creditors and/or amend the covenants. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants or to maintain the required financial ratios contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default under such indebtedness, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, our default under one agreement covering our indebtedness may trigger cross-defaults under other agreements covering our indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default or cross-default under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be due and payable and exercise other remedies. In the event our lenders accelerate the maturity of our indebtedness, we would not have sufficient cash to repay that indebtedness, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the agreements governing our indebtedness, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. 
 
 38 

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund working capital needs and planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 If our business does not generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we may not be able to affect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. 
 
 In the future, we may be dependent upon our lenders for financing to execute our business strategy and to meet our liquidity needs. If our lenders are unable to fund borrowings under their credit commitments or we are unable to borrow, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 During periods of volatile credit markets, there is risk that lenders, even those with strong balance sheets and sound lending practices, could fail or refuse to honor their legal commitments and obligations under existing credit commitments, including but not limited to, extending credit up to the maximum amount permitted by the ABL Facility. If our lenders are unable to fund borrowings under their revolving credit commitments or we are unable to borrow, it could be difficult to obtain sufficient funding to execute our business strategy or to meet our liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our debt may be downgraded, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A reduction in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Volatility and weakness in bank and capital markets may adversely affect credit availability and related financing costs for us. 
 
 Banking and capital markets can experience periods of volatility and disruption. If the disruption in these markets is prolonged, our ability to refinance, and the related cost of refinancing, some or all of our debt could be adversely affected. Although we currently can access the bank and capital markets, such markets may not continue to be a reliable source of financing for us. These factors, including the tightening of credit markets, could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing. Increased volatility and disruptions in the financial markets also could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to refinance outstanding indebtedness and to obtain financing. In addition, the adoption of new statutes and regulations, the implementation of recently enacted laws, or new interpretations or the enforcement of older laws and regulations applicable to the financial markets or the financial services industry could result in a reduction in the amount of available credit or an increase in the cost of credit. Disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect our lenders, insurers, clients and other counterparties. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 39 

Changes in key assumptions could result in additional underfunded pension obligations, resulting in the need for additional plan funding by us and increased pension expenses . 
 
 We have material pension liabilities, some of which represent underfunded liabilities under our frozen pension plans. Changes in the interest rate environment, inflation, mortality rate assumptions or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses, potentially impacting our cash flow and profitability in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The trading market of our shares of common stock may not continue to be active or liquid and the market price of our shares of common stock may be volatile. 
 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). Prior to listing on Nasdaq on October 1, 2020, there was no public market for our common stock. An active market for our common stock may not be sustained, which could depress the market price of our common stock and could affect the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock. In the absence of an active public trading market, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments in our common stock. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock, our ability to motivate our employees through equity incentive awards and our ability to acquire other companies, products or technologies by using our common stock as consideration. 
 
 In addition, we cannot predict the prices at which our shares of common stock may trade on Nasdaq, and the market price of our shares of common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 
 Furthermore, because our direct listing process on Nasdaq was novel and differed significantly from an underwritten initial public offering, Nasdaq s rules for ensuring compliance with its initial listing standards, such as those requiring a valuation or other compelling evidence of value, are untested. 
 
 In addition, because of our novel listing process, individual investors, retail or otherwise, may have greater influence in setting, the public prices of our common stock on Nasdaq. These factors could result in a public price of our common stock that is higher than investors (including institutional investors) are willing to pay, which could cause volatility in the trading price of our common stock. Further, if the public price of our common stock is above the level that investors determine is reasonable for our common stock, some investors may attempt to short our common stock, which would create additional downward pressure on the public price of our common stock. To the extent that there is a lack of consumer awareness among retail investors, such lack of consumer awareness could reduce the value of our common stock and cause volatility in the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 The public price of our common stock also could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors described herein and others beyond our control, including: 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock publicly owned and available for trading; 
 overall performance of the equity markets and/or publicly-listed companies that offer marketing services and SaaS solutions; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue or other operating metrics; 
 our actual or anticipated operating performance and the operating performance of our competitors; 
 changes in the financial projections we provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 any major change in our Board, management, or key personnel; 
 the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, new products, services, features, integrations or capabilities, acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 40 

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business, including those related to data privacy and cyber-security in the U.S. or globally; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, civil unrest, or responses to these events; and 
 sales or expected sales of our common stock by us and our officers, directors and principal stockholders. 
 
 In addition, stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner often unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our common stock as a result of the supply and demand forces described above. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have outstanding warrants that are exercisable for our common stock. If these warrants are exercised, the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market would increase and result in potential price volatility and dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,237,413 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 24.39 per share. The warrants may be exercised in whole or in part at any time prior to their expiration at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on August 15, 2023. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of our common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Resales of substantial numbers of shares in the public market in close proximity to the day that our shares of common stock are initially listed on Nasdaq may increase price volatility which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 
 None of our stockholders are party to any contractual lock-up agreement or other contractual restrictions on transfer. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets or the perception that sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 In addition to the supply and demand and volatility factors discussed above, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur in large quantities, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we hav e 34,593,837 shares of common stock outstanding , the substantial majority of which is currently subject to resale limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. These shares may be sold either pursuant to the Registration Statement or by our other existing stockholders under Rule 144 if such shares held by such other stockholders have been beneficially owned by non-affiliates for at least one year. Moreover, assuming the availability of certain public information about us, (i) non-affiliates who have beneficially owned our common stock for at least six months may rely on Rule 144 to sell their shares of common stock and (ii) our directors, executive officers and other affiliates who have beneficially owned our common stock for at least six months, including certain of the shares of common stock covered by the Registration Statement to the extent not sold thereunder, will be entitled to sell their shares of our common stock subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and various vesting agreements. 
 
 None of our stockholders are subject to any contractual lock-up or other contractual restriction on the transfer or sale of their shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,237,413 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 24.39 per share. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 4,955,272 shares have been granted from our 2016 and 2020 Incentive Plans consisting of: 473,371 performance restricted stock units PSUs ), 525,735 restricted stock units RSUs and 3,956,166 non-qualified stock options NQSOs granted to employees and non-employee Directors. As of December 31, 2022 , all of the PSUs and RSUs were unvested and had not distributed; 3,533,507 of the NQSOs were outstanding, of which 2,132,040 were vested and exercisable. We filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the shares reserved for issuance under our 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and our 2020 Incentive Award Plan and, as a result, all shares of common stock acquired upon the exercise of such options are freely tradable under the Securities Act, unless acquired by our affiliates. 
 
 41 

We also may issue our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments, or otherwise, but we will not conduct any such issuance during any period in which this registration statement is effective. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the public price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you are able to sell your common stock for a price greater than your purchase price. 
 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not intend in the foreseeable future to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our ability to generate income and pay dividends is dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends or lend funds to us. Future indebtedness of or jurisdictional requirements on our subsidiaries may prohibit the payment of dividends or the making or repayment of loans or advances to us. Consequently, the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which investors have purchased their shares. However, the payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable law and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions that apply to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our Board deems relevant. As a consequence of these limitations and restrictions, we may not be able to make the payment of dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Governance and Ownership Structure 
 
 We incur increased costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. 
 
 As a publicly traded company, we incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we were not required to incur in the past. Since our direct listing on October 1, 2020, we are now required to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that ar e specified by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the Exchange Act ). We are also subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements, including the requirements of Nasdaq and certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose additional compliance obligations upon us. As a public company, we must, among other things: 
 
 prepare and distribute periodic public reports and other stockholder communications in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws and applicable stock exchange rules; 
 institute more comprehensive financial reporting and disclosure compliance functions; 
 enhance our investor relations function; and 
 involve and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the activities listed above. 
 
 These changes require a commitment of additional resources. The commitment of resources required for implementing them could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Becoming a public company has required a significant commitment of resources and management oversight that has increased and may continue to increase our costs and could place a strain on our systems and resources. As a result, our management s attention might be diverted from other business concerns. If we are unable to offset these costs through other savings, then it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq, on which we are traded and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from 
 42 

other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified senior management and members of our Board, particularly to serve on our audit and risk committee and compensation committee and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws and certain provisions of Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control that may be favored by some stockholders. 
 
 We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or other change of control transaction that stockholders may consider favorable. These provisions may also make it more difficult for our stockholders to change our Board and senior management. 
 
 Among other things, these provisions: 
 
 provide for a classified Board with staggered three-year terms; 
 do not permit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 delegate the sole power to fix the number of directors to a majority of the Board; 
 provide the power of our Board to fill any vacancy on our Board, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; 
 generally eliminate the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders and generally prohibit stockholder action to be taken by written consent; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 
 In addition, our Board has the authority to cause us to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, in one or more series, to designate the number of shares constituting any series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting 
 43 

rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price, or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. The issuance of shares of preferred stock or the adoption of a stockholder rights plan may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company without further action by the stockholders, even where stockholders are offered a premium for their shares. 
 
 Further, under the agreements governing our Senior Credit Facilities, a change of control would cause us to be in default. In the event of a default, the administrative agent under our Senior Credit Facilities would have the right (or, at the direction of lenders holding a majority of the loans and commitments under our Senior Credit Facilities, the obligation) to accelerate the outstanding loans and to terminate the commitments under our Senior Credit Facilities, and if so accelerated, we would be required to repay all of our outstanding obligations under our Senior Credit Facilities. 
 
 In addition, several of our agreements with local telephone service providers require their consent to any assignment by us of our rights and obligations under the agreements. We may from time to time enter into new contracts that contain change of control provisions that limit the value of, or even terminate, the contract upon a change of control. The consent rights in these agreements might discourage, delay or prevent a transaction that a stockholder may consider favorable. 
 
 Our second amended and restated bylaws provide, subject to certain exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders. 
 
 Our second amended and restated bylaws provide, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our second amended and restated bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees that are governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. The federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and investors cannot waive Thryv s compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees, or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision that is contained in our second amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business may not grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 
 Growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may not prove to be accurate. Our forecasts, if any, relating to the expected growth in marketing and management software markets may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience such forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, our forecasts of market growth should not be taken as necessarily indicative of our future growth. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and/or our business. Securities and industry analysts do not currently and may never, publish research on our company. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, 
 44 

the trading price for our common stock would be adversely affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us on a regular basis, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we have eleven properties, all of which are leased. On June 23, 2020, we announced our plans to become a Remote First company, meaning that the majority of our workforce will continue to operate in a remote working environment indefinitely. As a result, we have closed certain office buildings, including most of the space at our corporate headquarters in Dallas, Texas. We will keep certain other office buildings open to house essential employees who cannot perform their duties remotely, such as employees who work in our data centers that are leased in Texas and Virginia. 
 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information in response to this item is provided in Part II - Item 8. Note 15, Contingent Liabilities and is incorporated by reference into Part I of this Annual Report. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 The Company completed a direct listing on October 1, 2020. The Company's common stock, par value 0.01 (the common stock trades on Nasdaq under the symbol THRY . As of February 21, 2023 , there were 50 stockholders of record of our common stock (including nominee holders such as banks and brokerage firms who hold shares for beneficial owners), although we believe that the number of beneficial owners is much higher. Prior to the direct listing, there was no public trading market for our common stock . 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable law, and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions that apply to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our Board deems relevant. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph shows a comparison from October 1, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on Nasdaq) through December 31, 2022, of the cumulative total return for our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Computer Index, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis. The graph assumes 100 was invested in each of the Company s common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Computer Index as of the market close on October 1, 2020. Note that past stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 45 

10/01/2020 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/30/2022 Thryv Holdings, Inc. 100.00 96.43 293.79 135.71 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 114.14 138.55 92.69 Nasdaq Computer Index 100.00 112.08 154.51 99.23 

I tem 6. [Reserved] 
 46 

I tem 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations as of, and for, the periods presented and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding industry outlook, our expectations for the future of our business, and our liquidity and capital resources as well as other non-historical statements. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are dedicated to supporting local, independent businesses and franchises by providing innovative marketing solutions and cloud-based tools to the entrepreneurs who run them. We are one of the largest domestic providers of SaaS end-to-end customer experience tools and digital marketing solutions to small-to-medium sized businesses. Our solutions enable our SMB clients to generate new business leads, manage their customer relationships and run their day-to-day business operations. We serve approximately 390,000 SMB clients globally through four business segments: Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, Thryv U.S. SaaS, Thryv International Marketing Services, and Thryv International SaaS. 
 
 Our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment provides both print and digital solutions and generated 820.0 million, 797.5 million, and 979.6 million of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our Marketing Services offerings include our owned and operated Print Yellow Pages, which carry the The Real Yellow Pages tagline, our proprietary Internet Yellow Pages, known by the Yellowpages.com, Superpages.com, and Dexknows.com URLs, search engine marketing solutions and other digital media solutions, which include online display and social advertising, online presence, and video and search engine optimization tools. 
 
 On January, 21, 2022, we acquired Vivial Media Holdings, Inc. Vivial ), a marketing and advertising company, for 22.8 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Vivial results are included in the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment. 
 
 Our Thyrv U.S. SaaS segment generated 211.8 million, 170.5 million, and 129.8 million of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our primary SaaS offerings include Thryv , our flagship SMB end-to-end customer experience platform, Marketing Center, ThryvPay SM , and Thryv Add-Ons. Marketing Center is a fully integrated next generation marketing and advertising platform operated by the end user. Marketing Center contains everything a small business owner needs to market and grow their business effectively. ThryvPay SM , is our own branded payment solution that allows users to get paid via credit card and ACH and is tailored to service focused businesses that want to provide consumers safe, contactless, and fast-online payment options. Thryv Add-Ons include an automated lead generation service that fully integrates with our Thryv platform, website development, SEO tools, Google My Business optimization, and Hub by Thryv SM . These optional platform subscription-based add-ons provide a seamless user experience for our end-users and drive higher engagement within the Thryv Platform while also producing incremental revenue growth. 
 
 Our Thryv International Marketing Services segment is comprised of Thryv Australia Pty Ltd, which we acquired on March 1, 2021. Our Thryv International Marketing Services segment provides both print and digital solutions and generated 166.0 million of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 144.8 million of consolidated revenues for the ten months ended December 31, 2021. Thryv Australia is Australia s leading provider of marketing solutions serving SMBs. The Thryv Australia Acquisition brings under the Thryv banner more than 100,000 existing Thryv Australia clients, many of which we believe are ideal candidates for the Thryv platform. 
 
 Our Thryv International SaaS segment is comprised of Thryv, Hub By Thryv, Thryv Add-ons and Thryv Pay, and generated 4.5 million of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0.6 million of consolidated revenues for the ten months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our expertise in delivering solutions for our client base is rooted in our deep history of serving SMBs. In 2022, SMB demand for integrated technology solutions continues to grow as SMBs adapt their business and service model to facilitate remote working and virtual interactions. 
 
 47 

Impact of COVID-19 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19 and public and private sector measures to reduce its transmission, such as the imposition of social distancing and orders to work-from-home, stay-at-home and shelter-in-place, significantly disrupted the global economy, resulting in an adverse effect on the business operations of certain SMBs, especially during 2020 and to a lesser extent during 2021. However, many of our SMB clients operate service-based businesses that can easily operate remotely, or that have been designated as essential by state and local authorities administering shelter-in-place orders, and have continued to operate without significant interruption during the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, the impact of COVID-19 and the related regulatory and private sector response on our financial and operating results in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was somewhat mitigated as many of our clients continued to operate. 
 
 In March 2020, we began offering certain pandemic credit incentives to select clients. These pandemic credit incentives resulted in a 3.2 million and 17.5 million reduction in revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . Requests for incentives continued to decline in 2021 as clients resumed normal contractual terms and pricing. As of April 1, 2021, we virtually discontinued providing pandemic credits and accepting client requests to pause search campaigns due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Effective April 1, 2021, all client requests for adjustments are now handled as part of normal business operations consistent with historical practices. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we incurred total severance expense of 3.5 million, 4.7 million and 11.7 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the severance expense recorded was related to employee terminations as a result of COVID-19. During the year ended December 31, 2020 , 5.0 million of the severance expense recorded was related to employee terminations as a result of COVID-19. The economic downturn caused by COVID-19 resulted in an incremental 2.1 million recorded to allowance for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2020. No incremental impact was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . In addition, we remain committed to our variable cost structure and to limiting our capital expenditures, not including acquisitions, which will allow us to continue operating with relatively low working capital needs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we have continued to see trends similar to those experienced during the year ended December 31, 2021, including an increase in demand for our SaaS solutions and a continuing decline in our Marketing Services business. The challenges we will face in the future related to COVID-19 will depend largely, we believe, on the impact that the continuing spread of the virus, including existing and new variants, and regulatory and private sector response has on our current and prospective clients, including their ability and willingness to purchase our solutions. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on our operating performance, financial performance, or liquidity. Looking ahead, we do not expect any material financial impact related to COVID-19, without a significant increase in cases resulting in another shut down of local businesses. However, it is difficult to predict what the ongoing impact of the pandemic will be on the economy, our clients and our business. 
 Impairment Charges 
 Our annual impairment tests resulted in a non-cash impairment of our goodwill of 102.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, to reduce goodwill for our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit, as a result of the historical secular decline in industry demand for print services, along with the historical trending decline in our Marketing Services client base, and competition in the consumer search and display space. 
 
 While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and utilized reasonable assumptions to calculate the fair values of our reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur to the estimated fair value of these assets. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates, we could be exposed to future impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations. 
 48 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Our operations can be impacted by, among other factors, general economic conditions and increased competition with the introduction of new technologies and market entrants. We believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for us, but also pose risks and challenges, including those listed below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 Ability to Attract and Retain Clients 
 Our revenue growth is driven by our ability to attract and retain SMB clients. To do so, we must deliver solutions that address the challenges currently faced by SMBs at a value-based price point that SMBs can afford. 
 
 Our strategy is to expand the use of our solutions by introducing our SaaS solutions to new SMB clients, as well as our current Thryv U.S. Marketing Services and Thryv International Marketing Services clients. This strategy includes capitalizing on the increased needs of SMBs for solutions that facilitate a remote working environment and virtual interactions. This strategy will require substantial sales and marketing capital. 
 Investment in Growth 
 We intend to continue to invest in the growth of our U.S. and international SaaS segments. We have selectively utilized a portion of the cash generated from our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services and Thryv International Marketing Services segments to support initiatives in our evolving U.S. and international SaaS segments, which has represented an increasing percentage of consolidated revenue since launch. We will continue to improve our SaaS solutions by analyzing user behavior, expanding features, improving usability, enhancing our onboarding services and customer support and making version updates available to SMBs. We believe these initiatives will ultimately drive revenue growth; however, such improvements will also increase our operating expenses. 
 Ability to Grow Through Expansion and Acquisition 
 Our growth prospects depend upon our ability to successfully develop new markets. We currently serve the United States, Australian, and Canadian SMB markets and plan to leverage strategic acquisitions or initiatives to expand our client base domestically and enter new markets internationally. Identifying proper targets and executing strategic acquisitions may take substantial time and capital. On March 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Thryv Australia, A ustralia s leading provider of marketing solutions serving SMBs. In July 2022, we began operations in Canada through our own sales force and a re-seller agreement. We believe that strategic acquisitions of marketing services companies globally will expand our client base and provide additional opportunities to offer our SaaS solutions. 
 Print Publication Cycle 
 We recognize revenue for print services at a point in time upon delivery of the published PYP directories containing customer advertisements to the intended market. Our PYP directories typically have 12-month publication cycles in Australia and 15 to 18-month publication cycles in the U.S. As a result, we typically record revenue for each publication only once every 12 to 18 months, depending on the publication cycle of the directory. The amount of revenue we recognize each quarter from our PYP directories is therefore directly related to the number of PYP directories we deliver to the intended market each quarter, which can vary based on the timing of the publication cycles. 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We review several operating metrics, including the following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe these key metrics are useful to investors both because they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and they may be used by investors to help analyze the health of our business. 

49 

Total Clients 
 We define total clients as the number of SMB accounts with one or more revenue-generating solutions in a particular period. For quarter- and year-ending periods, total clients from the last month in the period are reported. A single client may have separate r evenue-generating accounts for multiple Marketing Services solutions or SaaS offerings, but we count these as one client when the accounts are managed by the same business entity or individual. Although infrequent, where a single organization has multiple subsidiaries, divisions, or segments, each business entity that is invoiced by us is treated as a separate client. We believe that the number of total clients is an indicator of our market penetration and potential future business opportunities. We view the mix between Marketing Services clients and SaaS clients as an indicator of potential future opportunities to offer our SaaS solutions to our Marketing Services clients. 
 As of December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Clients (1) 
 Marketing Services (2) 
 362 390 318 SaaS (3) 
 52 46 44 Total (4) 
 387 409 334 
 (1) Clients include total clients from all four of our business segments: Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, Thryv U.S. SaaS, Thryv International Marketing Services and Thryv International SaaS. 
 (2) Clients that purchase one or more of our Marketing Services solutions are included in this metric. These clients may or may not also purchase subscriptions to our SaaS offerings. 
 (3) Clients that purchase subscriptions to our SaaS offerings are included in this metric. These clients may or may not also purchase one or more of our Marketing Services solutions. 
 (4) Total clients is less than the sum of the Marketing Services and SaaS, since clients that purchase both Marketing Services and SaaS products are counted in each category, but only counted once in the Total. 
 
 Marketing Services clients decreased by 28 thousand, or 7 , as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. Marketing Services clients increased by 72 thousand, or 23 , as of December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020. The decrease in Marketing Services clients as of December 31, 2022 was related to the secular decline in the print media industry and significant competition in the digital media space. The increase in Marketing Services clients as of December 31, 2021 was related to the acquisition of Thryv Australia, partially offset by the secular decline in the print media business combined with increasing competition in the digital media space. 
 
 SaaS clients increased by 6 thousand, or 13 , as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. SaaS clients increased by 2 thousand, or 5 , as of December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020. These increases resulted from our continuing focus on new SaaS client acquisition through improved identification of prospects, improved selling methods, introduction of new product features, and a small but growing international footprint. 
 Total clients decreased by 22 thousand, or 5 , as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. Total clients increased by 75 thousand, or 22 , as of December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020. The primary driver of the decrease in total clients as of December 31, 2022 was the secular decline in the print media business combined with increasing competition in the digital media space, partially offset by an increase in SaaS clients. The primary driver of the increase in total clients as of December 31, 2021 was related to the acquisition of Thryv Australia, partially offset by the secular decline in the print media business combined with increasing competition in the digital media space. 
 50 

Monthly ARPU 
 We define monthly average revenue per unit ARPU a s our total client billings for a particular month divided by the number of clients that have one or more revenue-generating solutions in that same month. For each reporting period, the weighted-average monthly ARPU from all the months in the period are reported. As monthly ARPU varies based on the amounts we charge for our services, we believe it can serve as a measure by which investors can evaluate trends in the types and levels of services across our client base. Our measurement of ARPU helps us understand the rate at which we are monetizing our client base. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 ARPU (Monthly) 
 Marketing Services (1) 
 178 213 222 SaaS (1) 
 369 331 256 
 (1) Marketing Services and SaaS ARPU include combined results from both our U.S. and Thryv International Marketing Services and SaaS businesses, respectively. 
 Monthly ARPU for Marketing Services decreased by 35, or 16 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and 9, or 4 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in ARPU for these periods was related to reduced spend by clients on our print media offerings due to the secular decline of the industry, caused by the continuing shift of advertising spend to less expensive digital media. This decrease in ARPU was further driven by a reduction of our resale of high-spend, low margin third-party local search and display services that were not hosted on our owned and operated platforms. 
 Monthly ARPU for SaaS increased by 38, or 11 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased by 75, or 29 , during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in ARPU for these periods was driven by our strategic shift to selling to higher spend clients and, at the same time, discontinuing our sale of the lower-priced tiers of our Thryv platform. In addition, the sale of add-on features to our Thryv platform such as Thryv Leads and Thryv Pay contributed to Monthly SaaS ARPU growth. 
 Monthly Active Users - SaaS 
 We define a monthly active user for SaaS offerings as a client with one or more users who log into our SaaS solutions at least once during the calendar month. Individuals who register for, and use, multiple accounts across computer and mobile devices may be counted more than once, and as a result, may overstate the number of unique users who actively use our Thryv platform within a month. Additionally, some of our original SaaS clients exclusively use the website features of their Thryv platform which does not require a login and those users are not included in our active users count. For each reporting period, active users from the last month in the period are reported. We believe that monthly active users best reflects our ability to engage, retain, and monetize our users, and thereby drive increases in revenue. We view monthly active users as a key measure of user engagement for our Thryv platform. 
 As of December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Monthly Active Users - SaaS 
 41 30 28 
 
 Monthly active users increased by 11 thousand, or 37 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Monthly active users increased by 2 thousand, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The number of monthly active users increased period-over-period as we continued efforts to increase engagement among our SaaS clients, such as enhancing the initial sales process, the client onboarding experience, and lifecycle management. The increase was also driven by our focus on obtaining higher retention, higher spend clients as these clients are more engaged with our platform. Additionally, we experienced an increase in engagement from existing clients, as SMBs increased virtual interactions with their customers in lieu of in-person interactions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

51 

Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial data for each of the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 (in thousands of Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Revenue 1,202,388 100 1,113,382 100 Cost of services 422,006 35.1 408,043 36.6 Gross profit 780,382 64.9 705,339 63.4 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 362,432 30.1 357,813 32.1 General and administrative 216,406 18.0 153,902 13.8 Impairment charges 102,222 8.5 3,611 0.3 Total operating expenses 681,060 56.6 515,326 46.3 Operating income 99,322 8.3 190,013 17.1 Other income (expense): Interest expense (60,407) 5.0 (66,374) 6.0 Other components of net periodic pension benefit (cost) 44,612 3.7 14,829 1.3 Other income (expense) 15,448 1.3 (4,154) 0.4 Income before income tax (expense) 98,975 8.2 134,314 12.1 Income tax (expense) (44,627) 3.7 (32,737) 2.9 Net income 54,348 4.5 101,577 9.1 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 333,342 27.7 350,523 31.5 Adjusted Gross Profit (4) 
 819,150 758,952 Adjusted Gross Margin (5) 
 68.1 68.2 
 
 (1) Consolidated results of operations includes Vivial's results of operations subsequent to the January 21, 2022 acquisition date. 
 (2) Consolidated results of operations includes Thryv Australia's results of operations subsequent to the March 1, 2021 acquisition date. 
 (3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income, the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (4) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation to Gross profit, the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (5) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Margin. 
 
 52 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes revenue by business segment for the periods indicated : 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Amount (in thousands of (unaudited) Thryv U.S. Marketing Services 820,032 797,493 22,539 2.8 SaaS 211,801 170,498 41,303 24.2 Thryv International Marketing Services 166,010 144,837 21,173 14.6 SaaS 4,545 554 3,991 NM Total Revenue 1,202,388 1,113,382 89,006 8.0 
 (1) Thryv U.S. Marketing Services includes Vivial revenue subsequent to the Vivial Acquisition. 
 (2) Thryv International includes Thryv Australia revenue subsequent to the Thryv Australia Acquisition. 
 Total Revenue increased by 89.0 million, or 8.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 . The increase in total Revenue was driven primarily by an increase in Thryv U.S. SaaS Revenue of 41.3 million, Thryv U.S Marketing Services Revenue of 22.5 million and Thryv International Marketing Services Revenue of 21.2 million. 
 Thryv U.S. Revenue 
 Marketing Services Revenue 
 Thryv U.S. Marketing Services revenue increased by 22.5 million, or 2.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Print revenue increased by 20.5 million, or 5.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by the Vivial Acquisition and the result of increasing the terms of our new Print publications from 15 months to 18 months. As a result, the revenue recognized upon delivery was based on a 18 month contract value for publications with new terms. The increase was partially offset by the secular decline in industry demand for Print services that resulted in a 14 decline in revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, net of the impact of publication timing differences caused by our Print agreements having greater than 12 month terms. Print revenue is recognized upon delivery of the published directories. Individual directory titles have different lifecycles, with a typical lifecycle of 15 months for books published during the year ended December 31, 2021. Starting in the three months ended June 30, 2022, the typical life cycle was extended to 18 months for new directories. The titles published during the year ended December 31, 2022 are therefore different, and have longer terms, than the titles published during the year ended December 31, 2021 and represented more revenue than the titles published during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Digital revenue increased by 2.0 million, or 0.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by Digital revenue as a result of the Vivial Acquisition. This increase was partially offset by a continued trending decline in the Company s Marketing Services client base and significant competition in the consumer search and display space, particularly from large, well-capitalized businesses such as Google, Yelp and Facebook. 
 SaaS Revenue 
 
 Thryv U.S. SaaS revenue increased by 41.3 million, or 24.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by increased demand for our Thryv SaaS product as SMBs 
 53 

accelerate their move away from manual processes and towards cloud platforms to more efficiently manage and grow their businesses, and by our success in re-focusing our go-to-market and onboarding strategy to target higher value clients. 
 Thryv International Revenue 
 Marketing Services Revenue 
 Thryv International Marketing Services revenue increased by 21.2 million, or 14.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to t he ten months en ded December 31, 2021 . As the Thryv Australia Acquisition was completed on March 1, 2021, no revenue was recognized for Thryv International during the two months ended February 28, 2021. In addition, upon the Thryv Australia Acquisition, the deferred revenue balance assumed was reduced due to the purchase price allocation, which negatively impacted revenue recognized in the ten months ended December 31, 2021 by 37.9 million. These in creases in revenue were partially offset by lower Print revenue resulting from the secular decline in industry demand for Print services in Australia. 
 SaaS Revenue 
 Thryv International SaaS revenue increased 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared t he ten months ended December 31, 2021 . The increase was driven by increased demand for our Thryv platform as we continue to increase sales to SMBs in Australia. 
 Cost of Services 
 
 Cost of services increased by 14.0 million, or 3.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to 25.4 million of printing, distribution and digital and fulfillment support costs, primarily related to the Vivial Acquisition. Contract services also increased 17.8 million, primarily related to the Vivial Acquisition and continued investments in the Thryv platform. The increase was partially offset by a 14.9 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense, driven by the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. The Company uses the income forecast method, which is an accelerated amortization method that assumes the remaining value of the intangible asset is greater in the earlier years and then steadily declines over time based on expected future cash flows. 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit increased by 75.0 million, or 10.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross margin increased by 150 basis points, to 64.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 63.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases were primarily due to higher revenue from Thryv International marketing services and growth in our SaaS segments. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 4.6 million, or 1.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to 12.8 million of additional employee-related costs primarily related to the acquisitions of Thryv Australia and Vivial, and an increase in commission expenses of 13.3 million as a result of the Vivial Acquisition and higher Thryv platform sales. The increase was partially offset by a 6.8 million decrease in contract services, due to strategic cost-saving initiatives, and a 11.8 million decrease in advertising and sales promotion expenses. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 62.5 million, or 40.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related costs, driven by the acquisitions of Thryv Australia and Vivial of 25.5 million, bad debt expense of 8.5 million, a 5.7 million gain on the sale of assets recognized in 2021, contract services of 4.3 million and share-based compensation expense of 3.4 million . General and administrative expenses also increased 18.4 million, as a result of higher software costs and other expenses related to the Vivial Acquisition, and 5.9 million as a result of depreciation and amortization expense, driven by the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. The Company uses the income forecast method, which is an accelerated amortization method that assumes the remaining value of the intangible asset is greater in the 
 54 

earlier years and then steadily declines over time based on expected future cash flows. These increases were partially offset by a 12.4 million decrease in transaction costs related to the Thryv Australia Acquisition, which occurred in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Impairment Charges 
 Impairment charges increased by 98.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Impairment charges of 102.2 million were incurred primarily as a result of a goodwill impairment in our U.S. Marketing Services segment during the year ended December 31, 2022 , while 3.6 million of impairment charges were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased by 6.0 million, or 9.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by lower outstanding debt balances resulting from payments of 112.5 million made on our Term Loan, partially offset by the impact of higher interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, 
 
 Other Components of Net Periodic Pension Benefit (Cost) 
 Other components of net periodic pension benefit (cost) increased by 29.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This change was primarily due to a remeasurement gain of 43.6 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a remeasurement gain of 13.4 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. The net actuarial gain in the benefit obligations of 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a result of gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets and economic and demographic assumption updates, partially offset by losses attributable to actual asset performance falling short of expectations and plan experience different than expected. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized other income of 15.4 million, which primarily represents the 10.9 million bargain purchase gain as a result of the Vivial Acquisition and foreign currency-related gains. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred other expense of 4.2 million, which included a loss of 3.1 million primarily resulting from the termination of leaseback obligations associated with land and a building in Tucker, Georgia, and foreign currency-related expenses. 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 
 Income tax (expense) increased by 11.9 million, or 36.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate was 45.1 and 24.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the 21.0 U.S. Federal statutory rate primarily due to our geographic mix of taxable income in various tax jurisdictions, and tax permanent differences primarily attributable to the impact of the goodwill impairment allocated to non-deductible goodwill and non-deductible executive compensation. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 17.2 million, or 4.9 , f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 . The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the secular decline in both our Thryv U.S. and International Marketing Services segments. These decreases were partially offset by increased revenue in the Thryv International Marketing Services segment due to an adjustment recognized upon the Thryv Australia Acquisition to reduce the deferred revenue balance assumed, which negatively impacted revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021. These decreases were further offset by the impact of the results in our U.S. SaaS segment, the Vivial Acquisition and the result of increasing the terms of our print publications from 15 months to 18 months in our Thryv U.S. Marketing Services segment. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income, the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 55 

Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 , refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We also present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin, as defined below, as non-GAAP financial measures in this Annual Report. 
 We have included Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin in this report because management believes they provide useful information to investors in gaining an overall understanding of our current financial performance and provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance. Specifically, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to management and investors by excluding certain non-operating items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin are used by management for budgeting and forecasting as well as measuring the Company s performance. We believe Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin provide investors with the financial measures that closely align with our internal processes. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA as Net income plus Interest expense, Income tax expense (benefit), Depreciation and amortization expense, Restructuring and integration expenses, Transaction costs, Stock-based compensation expense (benefit), Impairment charges and non-operating expenses, such as, Other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost, Non-cash (gain) loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset, and certain unusual and non-recurring charges that might have been incurred. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to Net income (loss) as a performance measure. We define Adjusted Gross Profit Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin Adjusted Gross Margin as Gross profit and Gross margin, respectively, adjusted to exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and stock-based compensation expense (benefit). 
 Non-GAAP financial information has limitations as an analytical tool and is presented for supplemental informational purposes only. Such information should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 
 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable GAAP measure, Net income : 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Net income 54,348 101,577 149,221 Impairment charges 102,222 3,611 24,911 Depreciation and amortization expense 88,392 105,473 146,523 Interest expense 60,407 66,374 68,539 Income tax expense (benefit) 44,627 32,737 (107,983) Restructuring and integration expenses (1) 
 17,804 18,145 28,459 Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) (2) 
 14,628 8,094 (2,895) Transaction costs (3) 
 6,119 25,059 20,999 Other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost (4) 
 (44,612) (14,829) 42,236 Non-cash (gain) loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset (5) 
 (2,148) (1) 5,443 Other (6) 
 (8,445) 4,283 (3,614) Adjusted EBITDA 333,342 350,523 371,839 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses related to periodic efforts to enhance efficiencies and reduce costs, and included severance benefits, loss on disposal of fixed assets and capitalized software, and costs associated with abandoned facilities and system consolidation. For the year ended December 31, 2020, a portion of the severance benefits, amounting to 5.0 million resulted from COVID-19. For further detail on severance benefits, see Note 8, Accrued Liabilities , to our audited consolidated 
 56 

financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report. For the year ended December 31, 2020, restructuring and integration charges included severance benefits, facility exit costs, system consolidation and integration costs, and professional consulting and advisory services costs related to the YP Acquisition. 
 (2) The Company records stock-based compensation expense related to the amortization of the grant date fair value of the Company s stock-based compensation awards. Additionally, stock-based compensation expense included the remeasurement of these awards at each period end prior to October 1, 2020. See Note 4 , Fair Value Measurements , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report for more information. 
 (3) Expenses related to the Company's direct listing on Nasdaq, the Thryv Australia Acquisition, the Vivial acquisition and other transaction costs. 
 (4) Other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost is from our non-contributory defined benefit pension plans that are currently frozen and incur no additional service costs. The most significant component of other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost relates to the mark-to-market pension remeasurement. 
 (5) In connection with the YP Acquisition, the seller indemnified the Company for future potential losses associated with certain federal and state tax positions taken in tax returns filed by the seller prior to the acquisition date. 
 (6) During the year ended December 31, 2022, Other primarily represents the bargain purchase gain as a result of the Vivial Acquisition, partially offset by foreign exchange-related expense. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Other primarily includes expenses related to potential non-income based tax liabilities and foreign exchange-related expense. 
 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin, to their most directly comparable GAAP measures, Gross profit and Gross margin : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Thryv U.S. Thryv International (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 539,543 130,272 108,496 2,071 780,382 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 17,800 4,657 15,385 505 38,347 Stock-based compensation expense 332 89 421 Adjusted Gross Profit 557,675 135,018 123,881 2,576 819,150 Gross Margin 65.8 61.5 65.4 45.6 64.9 Adjusted Gross Margin 68.0 63.7 74.6 56.7 68.1 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Thryv U.S. Thryv International (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 539,866 104,944 60,761 (232) 705,339 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 16,978 3,700 32,463 92 53,233 Stock-based compensation expense 309 71 380 Adjusted Gross Profit 557,153 108,715 93,224 (140) 758,952 Gross Margin 67.7 61.6 42.0 (41.9) 63.4 Adjusted Gross Margin 69.9 63.8 64.4 (25.3) 68.2 
 
 57 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Thryv U.S. Thryv International (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 610,479 59,214 669,693 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 64,498 8,548 73,046 Stock-based compensation expense (64) (8) (72) Adjusted Gross Profit 674,913 67,754 742,667 Gross Margin 62.3 45.6 60.4 Adjusted Gross Margin 68.9 52.2 66.9 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of its own. We derive cash flows from cash transfers and other distributions from our operating subsidiary, Thryv Inc., which in turn generates cash flow from its own operations and operations of its subsidiaries, and has cash and cash equivalents on hand, funds provided under the Term Loan and funds available under the ABL Facility. The agreements governing our debt may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make loans or otherwise transfer assets to us. Further, our subsidiaries are permitted under the terms of our senior credit facilities and other indebtedness to incur additional indebtedness that may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions or the making of loans by such subsidiaries to us. Our and our subsidiaries ability to meet our debt service requirements is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations. 
 
 We believe that expected cash flows from operations, available cash and cash equivalents, and funds available under our ABL Facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements, such as working capital requirements for our operations, business development and investment activities, and debt payment obligations, for the following 12 months. Any projections of future earnings and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our future success and capital adequacy will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flows from operations and our ability to address our annual cash obligations and reduce our outstanding debt, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We continue to monitor our capital requirements to ensure our needs are in line with available capital resources. 
 
 In addition, our Board of Directors authorizes us to undertake share repurchases from time to time. The amount and timing of any share repurchases that we make will depend on a variety of factors, including available liquidity, cash flows, our capacity to make repurchases under our debt agreements and market conditions. 
 
 For a discussion on contingent obligations, see Note 15, Contingent Liabilities , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 148,573 170,571 (21,998) Investing activities (52,026) (196,575) 144,549 Financing activities (91,097) 39,088 (130,185) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (827) (1,933) 1,106 Increase in Cash and cash equivalents 4,623 11,151 (6,528) 
 
 58 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 22.0 million, or 12.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily du e to the impact of changes in working capital, primarily driven by the timing of accounts receivable collections and cash expenditures. This decrease was partially offset by lower interest payments of 9.7 million, lower income tax payments of 5.6 million, and lower transaction cost payments related to the Vivial Acquisition on January 21, 2022 compared to the Thryv Australia Acquisition on March 1, 2021. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 144.5 million, or 73.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the difference in the cash paid of 175.4 million in connection with the Thryv Australia Acquisition on March 1, 2021, compared to the cash paid of 22.8 million in connection with the Vivial Acquisition on January 21, 2022, and a decrease in proceeds from the sales of assets of 6.8 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash from financing activities decreased by 130.2 million, or 333.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by net proceeds received from the Term Loan of 679.0 million, partially offset by cash used to repay the remaining outstanding principal balance of the Senior Term Loan of 449.6 million, used to finance the Thryv Australia Acquisition and refinance the Senior Term Loan during the year ended December 31, 2021. This was partially offset by payments made on the Term Loan of 112.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to payments made on the Term Loan of 158.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was further offset by an increase in net proceeds from the ABL Facility 53.9 million, as a result of lower proceeds of 70.0 million and lower payments of 123.9 million. 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change (in thousands) Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 170,571 232,772 (62,201) Investing activities (196,575) (26,211) (170,364) Financing activities 39,088 (206,067) 245,155 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1,933) (1,933) Increase in Cash and cash equivalents 11,151 494 10,657 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 62.2 million, or 26.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily du e to the timing of accounts receivable collections, the timing of billing of unbilled receivables in accordance with the terms of our print agreements, and the timing of payments against accounts payable and taxes payable, in addition to the overall decline of our sales. The change in cash flows from operating activities was also affected by lower income tax payments of 39.1 million and lower interest payments of 6.2 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by 170.4 million, or 650.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily due to cash paid of 175.4 million in connection with the Thryv Australia Acquisition on March 1, 2021, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the sales of assets of 
 59 

5.3 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased by 245.2 million, or 119.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily driven by net proceeds received from the Term Loan of 679.0 million, partially offset by cash used to repay the remaining outstanding principal balance of the Senior Term Loan of 449.6 million, payments made on the Term Loan of 158.0 million, compared to payments made on the Senior Term Loan of 160.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. N et cash from financing activities also increased as a result of lower payments of 83.9 million on the ABL Facility and 30.6 million for the repurchase of shares of our outstanding common stock. These increases in net cash from financing activities were partially offset by lower proceeds from the ABL Facility of 97.5 million. 
 
 Debt 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into the Term Loan. The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to finance the Thryv Australia Acquisition, refinance in full the Company's Senior Term Loan and pay fees and expenses related to the Thryv Australia Acquisition and related financing. 
 
 The Term Loan established the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 700.0 million, of which 38.4 was held by related parties who were equity holders of the Company, as of March 1, 2021. The Term Loan Facility matures on March 1, 2026 and borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, LIBOR or a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum equal to (i) 8.50 (for LIBOR loans) and (ii) 7.50 (for base rate loans). The Term Loan Facility requires mandatory amortization payments equal to 17.5 million per fiscal quarter . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, no portion of the Term Loan was held by related parties who were equity holders of the Company on that date. As of December 31, 2021, 31.4 of the Term Loan was held by related parties who are equity holders of the Company. 
 ABL Facility 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to amend the June 30, 2017 ABL Facility. The ABL Amendment was entered into in order to permit the term loan refinancing, the Thryv Australia Acquisition and make certain other changes to the ABL credit agreement, including, among others: 
 
 revise the maximum revolver amount to 175.0 million; 
 reduce the interest rate per annum to (i) 3-month LIBOR plus 3.00 for LIBOR loans and (ii) base rate plus 2.00 for base rate loans; 
 reduce the commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the ABL Facility to 0.375 ; 
 extend the maturity date of the ABL Facility to the earlier of March 1, 2026 and 91 days prior to the stated maturity 
 date of the Term Loan Facility; 
 add the Australian subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the Thryv Australia Acquisition as borrowers and guarantors, and establish an Australian borrowing base; and 
 make certain other conforming changes consistent with the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 We maintain debt levels that we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors, including cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and share repurchase activities), and overall cost of capital. Per the terms of the Term Loan Facility, payments of the Term Loan balance are determined by the Company's Excess Cash Flow (as defined within the Term Loan Facility). We are in compliance with all covenants under the Term Loan and ABL Facility as of December 31, 2022. We had total recorded debt outstanding of 469.8 million (net of 14.1 million of unamortized original issue discount OID and debt issuance cost) at December 31, 2022, which was comprised of amounts outstanding under our Term Loan of 429.4 million and ABL Facility of 54.6 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowing capacity of 91.9 million under the ABL Facility. 
 
 60 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our reported revenues, results of operations and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet during and as of the reporting periods. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are necessary because future events and their effects on our results and the value of our assets cannot be determined with certainty and are made based on our historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur or additional information is obtained, and we may periodically be faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and may not be known for a prolonged period of time. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill and intangible assets, capitalized software and development, pension obligation, income taxes, including net valuation allowance, and stock-based compensation expense have the greatest potential impact on our audited consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report for further information on these and our other significant accounting policies and estimates as well as our disclosures on recent accounting pronouncements. Our most critical accounting estimates are summarized below. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue based on the revenue recognition standard, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), ASC 606 ). The Company determines the amount of revenue to be recognized through application of the five-step model as described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report. 
 
 We derive revenue from our four business segments: Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, Thryv U.S. SaaS, Thryv International Marketing Services and Thryv International SaaS. The Company has determined that each of its services is distinct and represents a separate performance obligation because the SMB can benefit from each service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the SMB, and services are separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Revenue for all services is recognized when control transfers to the SMB. For print solutions, control transfers upon delivery of the published directories. Control over SaaS and digital services transfers to the SMB evenly over the service period. 
 
 The transaction price of a contract consists of fixed and variable consideration components pursuant to the applicable contractual terms and may involve the use of estimates. These judgments involve consideration of historical and expected experience with the customer and other similar customers. The Company s contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling price is the price at which the Company would sell a promised service separately to a client. Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Often, the Company does not have sufficient standalone sales information, as contracts with customers generally include multiple performance obligations. When standalone sales information is not available, the Company estimates the standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions, entity-specific factors such as pricing and discounting strategies, and other inputs. 
 
 The Company has determined that sales commissions are incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract. However, commissions related to renewal contracts are not commensurate with costs incurred to obtain an initial contract. Therefore , commissions incurred to obtain a new contract are capitalized and recognized over the benefit period, which is determined to be 18 months based on expected contract renewals, the Company s technology development life-cycle, and other factors. Renewal commissions are expensed as incurred under practical expedient available under ASC 606. 
 
 Direct costs associated with fulfilling a print directory contract with a SMB include costs related to printing and distribution. Directly attributable costs incurred to fulfill print solutions are capitalized as incurred and then expensed at the time of delivery, in line with the recognition of revenue. Costs to fulfill SaaS and digital contracts with SMBs are expensed as incurred. 
 
 61 

Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We have completed several acquisitions of other businesses in the past, including the Vivial Acquisition on January 21, 2022, the Thryv Australia Acquisition on March 1, 2021 and the YP Acquisition on June 30, 2017, and we may acquire additional businesses in the future. In an acquisition, we first review if substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If such concentration exists, the transaction is considered an asset acquisition rather than a business combination. 
 
 The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our audited consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We allocate the purchase price, which is the sum of the consideration paid and may consist of cash, equity, or a combination of the two, to the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the amount allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities, if any, is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and assumed liabilities requires management to use significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue and cash flows, and discount rates. 
 
 We use all available information to estimate fair values. We typically engage outside appraisal firms to assist in determining the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets such as client relationships, trademarks, and any other significant assets or liabilities. During the measurement period, of up to one year after the acquisition date, we may adjust the values attributed to the assets acquired and assumed liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. 
 
 Our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires assumptions and management s judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and assumed liabilities at the acquisition date. Key judgments used to estimate the fair value of intangible assets include projected revenue growth and operating margins, discount rates, client attrition rates, as well as the estimated economic life of intangible assets. Management estimates the fair value of assets and liabilities based upon quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets, and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows. Our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding industry economic factors and business strategies. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment as of October 1st and at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events or changes in circumstances. The Company performs its goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level. In assessing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Performing a qualitative impairment assessment requires an examination of relevant events and circumstances that could have a negative impact on the carrying value of our Company, such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, earnings and cash flows, overall financial performance, and other relevant entity-specific events. If the Company concludes an impairment is more likely than not through its qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative assessment for impairment. The quantitative estimates of the fair value of the Company s reporting units are primarily determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows. The discounted cash flow methodology requires significant judgment, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, current and anticipated economic conditions and trends, the estimation of the long-term growth rate of the Company s business, and the determination of the Company s weighted average cost of capital. Changes in the estimates and assumptions incorporated in our impairment assessment could materially affect the determination of fair value and the associated impairment charge. 
 
 On October 1, 2022, we performed our annual impairment test in accordance with ASC 350-30-35, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other . As a result, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 102.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 to reduce goodwill for its Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded on the Company's other reporting units during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 62 

As of December 31, 2022, goodwill was 566.0 million. For additional information related to goodwill, see Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 All of the Company s intangible assets are classified as definite-lived intangible assets. The Company s intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives using the income forecast method and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The recoverability analysis includes estimates of future cash flows directly associated with and that are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the definite-lived intangible asset. The Company s estimates of future cash flows attributable to long-lived assets require significant judgment based on its historical and anticipated results and are subject to assumptions. 
 
 An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the definite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. 
 
 For additional information related to goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Asset s, to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report for more information. 
 
 Capitalized Software and Development 
 
 Costs associated with internal use software are capitalized during the application development stage, if they have a useful life in excess of one year. Subsequent additions, modifications, or upgrades to internal use software are capitalized only to the extent they allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform. Capitalized software is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. A key estimate included within the capitalized software balance includes the determination of the useful life. 
 
 Pension Obligation 
 
 The Company maintains pension obligations associated with non-contributory defined benefit pension plans that are currently frozen and incur no additional service costs. 
 
 Although the plans are frozen, the Company continues to incur interest cost as well as gains or losses associated with changes in fair value of plan assets, all of which are referred to as net periodic pension cost. In determining the pension obligations at each reporting period, management makes certain actuarial assumptions, including discount rates and mortality rates. For these assumptions, management consults with actuaries, monitors plan provisions and demographics, and reviews public market data and general economic information. Changes in these assumptions can have a significant impact on the projected pension obligations, funding requirement, and net periodic pension cost. The Company immediately recognizes actuarial gains and losses in its operating results in the year in which the gains and losses occur. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weight of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gain within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal and state tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions. We establish reserves for open tax years for uncertain tax positions that may be subject to challenge by various tax authorities. The consolidated tax provision and related accruals include the impact of such reasonably estimable losses and related interest and penalties as deemed appropriate. Tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from uncertain tax positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 63 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company established a stock-based compensation plan which allows for incentive awards to be granted to designated eligible employees, non-management directors, consultants, and independent contractors providing services to the Company. Our stock incentive plans permitted grants of cash-settled stock options. Prior to October 1, 2020, these awards were classified as liabilities due to our intent to net cash settle upon exercise. Accordingly, the fair value of these awards is initially measured at the grant date and is remeasured each subsequent reporting date, until the award is settled or forfeited, with remeasurement (gains)/losses recognized in Cost of services, Sales and Marketing and General and administrative expenses, in accordance with the awards vesting schedule. As a result of completing the direct listing on October 1, 2020, the Company no longer intends to cash settle these stock options upon exercise. Based on the Company s intention to equity settle upon exercise, these stock options are classified as equity awards as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Accordingly, the fair value is measured at the date of the grant and recognized over the requisite service period (generally three to four years). 
 
 Determining the fair value of stock-based compensation awards requires the use of judgment. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock options. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires inputs based on certain subjective assumptions, including the fair value of common stock and its volatility, the expected life of the option, and the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected life of the option. We also use the Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of our PSUs with Market Conditions. The Monte Carlo simulation model requires inputs based on certain subjective assumptions, including the fair value of common stock and its volatility, the expected life of the PSU, and the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected life of the PSU. 
 
 The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the stock-based awards are management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. If any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model or the Monte Carlo simulation model change significantly, stock-based compensation expense for future awards may differ compared with the awards granted previously. 
 
 Common Stock Fair Value 
 
 The common stock fair value is one of the significant valuation inputs of the indemnification asset and stock-based compensation awards. 
 
 As of and Subsequent to September 30, 2020 
 
 Due to the Company's direct listing on October 1, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, the fair value of the Company s common stock is based on the THRY Nasdaq per share price. 
 
 Prior to September 30, 2020 
 
 The absence of an active market for the Company's common stock required the Company to determine the fair value of its common stock. The Company obtained contemporaneous third-party valuations to assist it in determining fair value. These contemporaneous third-party valuations used methodologies, approaches and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 
 
 The Company determined the fair value utilizing the income approach, which estimated value based on market participant expectations of future cash flows the Company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a discount rate based on the Company's weighted average cost of capital, which reflects the risk of achieving the projected cash flows. Significant inputs of the income approach also include the long-term financial projections of the Company along with its long-term growth rate, which is used to calculate the residual value of the Company before discounting to present value. The fair value of the common stock was discounted based on the lack of marketability. 
 
 Other factors taken into consideration in assessing the fair value of the Company s common stock prior to September 30, 2020 included but were not limited to: industry information such as market growth and volume and macro-economic events and additional objective and subjective factors relating to its business. 
 64 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report, for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total recorded debt outstanding of 469.8 million (net of 14.1 million of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs), which was comprised of amounts outstanding under our Term Loan of 429.4 million and ABL Facility of 54.6 million. Substantially all this debt bears interest at floating rates. Changes in interest rates affect the interest expense we pay on our floating rate debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase our interest expense by approxi mately 4.8 million annually bas ed on the debt outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Currency Risk 
 
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Australian dollar. Since we translate foreign currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, currency fluctuations can have an impact on our financial results. 
 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our Net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and current liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. We recognized immaterial amounts of foreign currency gains and losses in each of the periods presented. We have not hedged our foreign currency transactions to date. We are evaluating the costs and benefits of initiating a hedging program and may in the future hedge selected significant transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar as we expand our international operations and our risk grows. 
 
 65 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 70 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 73 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 

66 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment of Thryv U.S. Marketing Services Reporting Unit 
 As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company performs its annual impairment test for all its reporting units on October 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the goodwill may be impaired. The results of the quantitative impairment test indicated that the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit had a carrying value that exceeded its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded 102.0 million of goodwill impairment during the year ended December 31, 2022. We identified the fair value estimate of the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the fair value estimate of the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit is a critical audit matter is that the significant assumptions made by management involve subjectivity and judgment in the preparation of discounted future cash flows. The reporting unit discounted future cash flows include certain management assumptions that are complex and have a higher degree of estimation uncertainty. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value estimate. These assumptions include forward-looking projections related to revenue and operating expenses and the application of a discount rate. Performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and audit effort, including the need to involve valuation specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the fair value estimate of the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit included the following, among others. 
 67 

a. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating to management s preparation and review of the discounted future cash flows and the discount rate applied, and review of the methodologies applied by third-party valuation specialists engaged by the Company. 
 b. We evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted revenues and operating expenses used in the future discounted cash flows by comparing them to historical results and comparing prior year forecasted amounts to respective actual results. 
 c. With the assistance of a valuation specialist, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate and the appropriateness of the methodologies used by the Company. 
 d. We evaluated the qualifications of the third-party valuation specialists engaged by the Company based on their credentials and experience. 
 
 Pension Obligations 
 As described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s aggregate net pension obligations at December 31, 2022 was 73.4 million and is calculated as 444.9 million of defined benefit pension obligation for its defined benefit pension plans less the related pension assets of 371.5 million. The Company recorded a net periodic pension benefit of 44.6 million for the year-ended December 31, 2022. The Company remeasures the defined benefit pension obligations annually or upon a remeasurement date, with actuarial gains and losses immediately recorded in operating results during the period they occur. We identified the defined benefit pension obligation estimates for the Dex Pension Plan and YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan, as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the defined benefit pension obligation estimates for the Dex Pension Plan and YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan is a critical audit matter is that the significant assumptions utilized in such estimates are subjective in nature and complex, including the discount rates and mortality rates used in the actuarial calculations. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the defined benefit pension obligation estimates and related actuarial gains and losses recognized. Performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and audit effort, including the need to involve actuary specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to projected benefit obligation estimates included the following, among others. 
 
 a. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating to management s determination and review of the discount rate applied in estimating the defined benefit pension obligations, and review of the actuarial significant assumptions applied by the actuary specialist engaged by the Company. 
 b. With the assistance of an actuary specialist, we evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s significant assumptions related to the discount rates and mortality rates used in determining the projected benefit obligations. 
 c. We evaluated the qualifications of the actuary specialists engaged by the Company based on their credentials and experience. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 68 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

March 15, 2022 
 
 except for Note 17, Segment Information, as to which the date is 
 February 23, 2023 
 69 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 

Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of services Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Impairment charges Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest expense, related party ) ) ) Other components of net periodic pension benefit (cost) ) Other income (expense) 
 ) Income before income tax (expense) benefit Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing basic and diluted net income per common share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

70 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Contract assets, net of allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Indemnification asset Other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets and capitalized software, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of unrecognized tax benefits Contract liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Term Loan, net Term Loan, related party ABL Facility Pension obligations, net Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 15) Stockholders' equity Common stock - par value, shares authorized; , shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

Common Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated (Deficit) Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options ) ) Reclass of stock options from liability to equity classification Private placement ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Exercise of stock options ) ) Exercise of stock warrants Stock compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Exercise of stock warrants Stock compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provision for credit losses and service credits Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost ) ) Impairment charges (Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange rates ) Bargain purchase gain ) Other, net ) ) Changes in working capital items, excluding acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to fixed assets and capitalized software ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired ) ) Other ) Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from Term Loan Proceeds from Term Loan, related party Payments of Term Loan ) ) Payments of Term Loan, related party ) ) Payments of Senior Term Loan ) ) Payments of Senior Term Loan, related party ) ) Proceeds from ABL Facility Payments of ABL Facility ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options and stock warrants Other ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 
 
 reportable segments: 
 
 Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, which includes the Company's Print and Digital solutions business in the United States; 
 Thryv U.S. SaaS, which includes the Company's flagship SMB end-to-end customer experience platform in the United States; 
 Thryv International Marketing Services, which is comprised of Thryv's Print and Digital solutions business in Australia; and 
 Thryv International SaaS, which includes the SaaS business management tools for SMBs in Australia. 
 
 The corresponding current and prior period segment disclosures have been recast to reflect the current segment presentation. See Note 17, Segment Information . 

Gross Profit Change 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company revised the format of its consolidated statements of operations since the issuance of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (our 2020 Form 10-K in order to provide better insight into the Company's results of operations and to align its presentation to certain industry competitors. As a result, a Gross profit subtotal line item was added within the Company s consolidated statements of 
 74 

Sales and marketing General and administrative Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization ) 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 75 

Deferred costs to obtain contracts - Non-current assets 
 
 76 

Costs to Fulfill a Contract with a Customer 
 
 Direct costs associated with fulfilling PYP contracts with a client include costs related to printing and distribution. Directly attributable costs incurred to fulfill print services are capitalized as incurred and then expensed at the time of delivery, in line with the recognition of revenue. Costs to fulfill SaaS and digital contracts with clients are expensed as incurred. 

(1) Included in Other current assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

(1) These costs were recorded in Cost of services in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 The Company recorded no impairment losses associated with these deferred costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Restricted cash, included in Other current assets Total Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 77 

Unbilled accounts receivable (1) 
 Total accounts receivable Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net of allowance 
 (1) Unbilled accounts receivable relates primarily to the Company s print services, which are recognized at a point in time upon delivery of the print services to the intended market(s), but are billed to customers monthly after the delivery of the print services. Unbilled accounts receivable are reclassified as billed accounts receivable monthly when the customers are invoiced. 
 
 The following table represents the components of unbilled accounts receivable from contracts with customers: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Unbilled accounts receivable - current Unbilled accounts receivable - non-current (1) 
 Total unbilled accounts receivable 
 (1) Included in Other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 of revenue in all periods presented was derived from sales to local SMBs that operate in limited geographical areas. These SMBs are usually billed in monthly installments when the services begin and, in turn, make monthly payments, requiring the Company to extend credit to these clients. 
 
 The remaining approximately of revenue in all periods presented was derived from the sale of marketing services to larger businesses that advertise regionally or nationally. Contracted certified marketing representatives CMRs purchase advertising on behalf of these businesses. Payment for advertising is due when the advertising is published and is received directly from the CMRs, net of the CMRs commission. The CMRs are responsible for billing and collecting from these businesses. While the Company still has exposure to credit risks, historically, the losses from these clients have been less than that of local SMBs. 
 
 The Company conducts its operations primarily in the United States and Australia . In 2022, the Company's top ten directories, as meas ured by revenue, accounted for approximately of total revenue. No single directory or client accounted for more than 1 of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, no single client or CMR accounted for more than 5 of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

78 

- years 
 Leasehold improvements (1) 
 - years 
 Computer and data processing equipment years 
 Furniture and fixtures years 
 Capitalized software - years 
 Other - years 
 
 (1) Leasehold improvements are depreciated at the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. See Note 7, Fixed Assets and Capitalized Software . 

79 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to reduce goodwill for its Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit . See Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets . 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 The Company has definite-lived intangible assets consisting of client relationships, trademarks and domain names, covenants not to compete, and patented technologies. These intangible assets are amortized using the income forecast method over their useful lives, with the exception of covenants not to compete which are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the agreements. These assets are allocated to their respective reporting units for impairment review purposes. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the reporting unit s intangible assets may not be recoverable, an impairment analysis of the reporting unit is completed. An impairment loss, if applicable, is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the reporting unit s definite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. The Company uses the estimated future cash flows directly associated with, and that are expected to arise as a result of, the use and eventual disposal of such reporting unit assets in determining fair values of definite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 - years 
 Trademarks and domain names - years 
 Patented technologies - years 
 Covenants not to compete years 

See Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for additional information. 
 
 frozen pension plans for its employees, the Dex Pension Plan and the YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan. The Company also maintains non-qualified pension plans for certain executives, the Dex One Pension Benefit Equalization Plan and the SuperMedia Excess Pension Plan, which are also frozen plans. Pension assets related to the 
 80 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Each share of common stock comes with vote with no special preferences provided to any one individual or group of common stockholders. 
 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of common stock in treasury. 
 81 

). The Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur as a cumulative adjustment to stock-based compensation expense. See Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation and Stockholders' Equity, for additional information . 
 
 Prior to October 1, 2020 
 
 Prior to the completion of the direct listing, the Company intended to cash settle options upon exercise and therefore, stock options were classified as liability awards in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . The fair value of the liability classified stock-based compensation awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model, with re-measurement occurring each subsequent reporting date at fair value until the award was settled. 
 
 Compensation expense for liability classified stock-based compensation awards was based on the current fair value of the awards. This fair value was recognized over the requisite service period (generally ). The Company elected to account for forfeitures as they occurred as a cumulative adjustment to stock-based compensation expense. See Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation and Stockholders' Equity, for additional information . 

82 

Note 2 

83 

84 

million, that was recorded in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2021 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue of million that was recorded in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 Pandemic Credits 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized pandemic credits of million and million, respectively, provided to customers most impacted by COVID-19. The Company reflected these price concessions as a reduction to Revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize any pandemic credits. 

Note 3 
 
 million in cash (net of million of cash acquired), subject to certain adjustments (the Vivial Acquisition ). The assets acquired as part of these transactions consisted primarily of million in current assets and million in fixed and intangible assets, consisting primarily of customer relationships and technology assets, million in deferred tax assets, along with a million bargain purchase gain. The Vivial Acquisition resulted in a bargain purchase gain in part because the seller was motivated to divest its marketing services business that was in secular decline. The Company also assumed liabilities of million, consisting primarily of accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Vivial Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 . This requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value. With the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, the Company determined, using Level 3 inputs (see Note 4, Fair Value Measurements ), the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, including fixed assets and intangible assets by applying the income approach and the cost approach. Specific to intangible assets, client relationships were valued using a combination of the income and excess earnings approach, whereas trade names were valued using a relief of royalty method and assumptions related to Vivial s assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Fixed and intangible assets Deferred tax assets Other assets Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Bargain purchase gain ) Fair value allocated to net assets acquired, net of bargain purchase gain 
 The deferred tax asset primarily relates to excess carryover tax basis over book basis in intangibles as a result of the assessment of the fair value of the assets and liabilities assumed using the acquisition method of accounting. 
 
 85 

million in revenue to the Thryv U.S marketing services segment since the Vivial Acquisition Date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company increased the purchase price by million as a result of customary working capital adjustments, decreased the sales tax reserve by million, and reclassified the presentation of certain assets and liabilities. The effect of these measurement period adjustments resulted in a million increase in the bargain purchase gain for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, pro forma revenue, including the results of the Vivial acquisition, is million. Pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2022 and pro forma net income information for the year ended December 31, 2021 was insignificant. 
 
 Thryv Australia Acquisition 
 
 On March 1, 2021 (the Thryv Australia Acquisition Date ), Thryv Australia Holdings Pty Ltd (formerly Thryv Australia Pty Ltd) Buyer ), an Australian proprietary limited company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Thryv International Holding LLC, a direct and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of (i) Sunshine NewCo Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary limited company, and its subsidiaries, and (ii) Sensis Holding Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Thryv Australia Acquisition ). The Thryv Australia Acquisition expanded the Company's market share with a broader geographical footprint. Additionally, the Thryv Australia Acquisition provided the Company with a significant increase in clients. Thryv Australia is a provider of marketing solutions serving SMBs in Australia. Control was obtained by means of acquiring all the voting interests. 
 
 In connection with the Thryv Australia Acquisition, the Company paid consideration of approximately million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments, financed by the Term Loan (as defined in Note 10, Debt Obligations that was entered into on the Thryv Australia Acquisition Date. All acquisition-related costs, amounting t o million, were expensed as incurred by the Company and no portion of these costs are included in consideration transferred. These costs were presented within General and administrative expense i n the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income . Additionally, as part of the effort to fund the Thryv Australia Acquisition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of million related to the Term Loan, of which million was capitalized and is being amortized using the effective interest method. See Note 10, Debt Obligations . 
 
 The Company accounted for the Thryv Australia Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805. This requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value. With the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, the Company determined, using Level 3 inputs (see Note 4, Fair Value Measurements ), the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, including fixed assets, intangible assets, and contract liabilities, by applying a combination of the income approach and the cost approach. Specific to intangible assets, client relationships were valued using a combination of the income and excess earnings approach, whereas trade names were valued using a relief of royalty method. 
 
 86 

Total purchase consideration, as allocated below: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and other current assets Other assets Fixed assets and capitalized software Intangible assets: Client relationships (estimated useful life of years) 
 Trademarks (estimated useful life of years) 
 Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Contract liabilities ) Other current liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total net assets acquired 
 
 The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was allocated to goodwill. The recognized goodwill of million was primarily related to the benefits expected from the Thryv Australia Acquisition and was allocated to the Thryv International Marketing Services segment. The goodwill recognized is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Pro Forma Results 
 
 The pro forma combined financial information presented below was derived from the historical financial records of Thryv and Thryv Australia and presents the operating results of the combined Company, as if the Thryv Australia Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020. The pro forma data gives effect to historical operating results with adjustments to interest expense, amortization and depreciation expense and related tax effects. 
 
 Net income 
 
 87 

Note 4 
 
 shares held in escrow, subject to certain contract limitations (the indemnification asset . Due to an increase in the Company s common stock share price as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares expected to be returned to seller is , which represents the number of shares required to satisfy the uncertain tax position less million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Company's Level 1 indemnification asset was million and million, respectively. A gain of million from the change in fair value of the Company s Level 1 indemnification asset during the year ended December 31, 2022 was recorded in General and administrative expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 Benefit Plan Assets 
 
 The fair value of benefit plan assets is measured and recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheets using Level 1 and 2 inputs. See Note 11, Pensions . 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company considers the carrying amounts of cash, trade receivables, and accounts payable to approximate fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization or payment. 
 
 Additionally, the Company considers the carrying amounts of its ABL Facility (as defined in Note 10, Debt Obligations and financing obligations to approximate their respective fair values due to their short-term nature and approximation of interest rates to market rates. These fair value measurements are considered Level 2. See Note 10, Debt Obligations . 
 
 88 

Note 5 
 
 million, net of million accumulated impairment loss, as of December 31, 2022 and million, net of million accumulated impairment loss, as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, million of this goodwill was deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The Company currently has reporting units. Accordingly, the Company assessed its goodwill for impairment under a reporting unit structure as of October 1, 2022. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 Management performs its annual goodwill impairment test on October 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the goodwill may be impaired. 
 
 The goodwill impairment test requires measurement of the fair value of the Company's reporting units, which is compared to the carrying value of the reporting units, including goodwill. Each reporting unit is valued using a discounted cash flow model which requires estimating future cash flows expected to be generated from the reporting unit, discounted to their present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Terminal values are also estimated and discounted to their present value. Assessing the recoverability of goodwill requires estimates and assumptions about revenue, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying these factors. 
 
 The Company engaged a third-party valuation firm to assist it in the development of the assumptions and the Company s determination of the fair value of its reporting units as of October 1, 2022 as part of the annual impairment test. The estimated fair value of one of the Company's reporting units was below its carrying value, including goodwill. The historical secular decline in industry demand for Print services along with the historical trending decline in the Company's Marketing Services client base and competition in the consumer search and display space impacted the assumptions used to estimate the discounted future cash flows of some of the Company s reporting units for purposes of performing the interim goodwill impairment test. These factors discussed above continue to have an adverse effect on the Company's estimated cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model. As a result, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 to reduce goodwill for its Thryv U.S. Marketing Services reporting unit. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded on the Company's other reporting units during the year ended December 31, 2022. goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, the Company concluded that an impairment triggering event did not occur during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 89 

Additions Impairments Thryv Australia Acquisition Effects of foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Additions Impairments ) ) Effects of foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 The Company had definite-lived intangible assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As a result of the goodwill impairment noted above, the Company performed impairment tests as of December 31, 2022 on its intangible assets. Based on the Company s test of recoverability using estimated undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying values of the Company s definite-lived intangible assets were determined to be recoverable, and no impairment was recognized. Accordingly, no impairment charges were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ) Trademarks and domain names ) Patented technologies ) 0.0 Covenants not to compete ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period in Years Client relationships ) Trademarks and domain names ) Patented technologies ) 0.0 Covenants not to compete ) Total intangible assets ) 

90 

Additions 
 Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Client Relationships Trademarks and Domain Names Covenants Not to Compete Total Intangible Assets Balance as of January 1 Additions 
 Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million , million, and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 Total 

Note 6 
 
 Acquisitions Additions (1) 
 Deductions (2) 
 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31 (3) 
 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 , and 2020, represents provision for bad debt expense of million, million, and million, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 , and 2020, represents amounts written off as uncollectible, net of recoveries. 
 million of the allowance is attributable to Accounts receivable and less than million is attributable to Contract assets. million of the allowance is attributable to Accounts receivable and million is attributable to Contract assets. 
 91 

Note 7 
 
 Computer and data processing equipment Other Fixed assets and capitalized software Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Total fixed assets and capitalized software, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense associated with the Company's fixed assets and capitalized software was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amortization of capitalized software Depreciation of fixed assets (1) 
 Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 (1) Includes depreciation expense associated with assets held under leaseback obligations of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Note 8 
 
 Accrued expenses Accrued taxes Accrued service credits Accrued severance Accrued liabilities 
 92 

SaaS Total Thryv U.S. Thryv International Marketing Services SaaS Total Thryv International Total 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ne of the severance expense recorded was related to employee terminations as a result of COVID-19. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the severance expense included employee termination charges of million recorded as a result of COVID-19. 
 The following tables set forth additional information related to severance payments made by the Company during the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Severance Payments COVID-19 Related YP Integration Related Other Total 
 
 Note 9 
 , which may include options to extend. The Company does not have lease agreements with residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Variable lease payments included in the lease agreements are immaterial. Leases with terms of twelve months or less at inception are excluded from the calculation of operating lease right-of-use assets, the current portion of long-term lease liability, and the long-term lease liability. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded operating lease right-of-use asset impairment charges of million due to the Company's decision to consolidate operations at certain locations. Approximately million and less than million of the impairment charge was recorded in the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services and Thryv U.S. SaaS segments, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded operating lease right-of-use asset impairment charges of million due to the Company's decision to operate in a "Remote First" working environment and consolidate operations at certain locations. These impairment charges were recorded in the Thryv International segment. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded operating lease right-of-use asset impairment charges of million and leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures impairment charges of million due to the Company's decision to operate in a "Remote First" working environment and consolidate operations at certain locations. Approximately million and million of the impairment charge was recorded in the Thryv U.S. Marketing Services and Thryv U.S. SaaS segments, respectively. 
 93 

Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 Liabilities Current portion of long-term lease liability (2) 
 Long-term lease liability (3) 
 Total operating lease liability 
 (1) Operating lease right-of-use assets, net, are included in Other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) The current portion of long-term lease liability is included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 (3) The long-term lease liability is included in Other liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Supplemental lease cash flow disclosure Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 The following table sets forth additional information related to the Company's operating leases: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average remaining lease term - Operating leases (in years) 
 Weighted-average discount rate - Operating leases 
 
 94 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of operating lease liability 

Note 10 
 
 ABL Facility (Fifth Amendment) March 1, 2026 3-month LIBOR + Unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt obligations Current portion of Term Loan ) ) Total long-term debt obligations 
 Term Loan 
 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Term Loan credit agreement (the Term Loan ). The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to finance the Thryv Australia Acquisition, refinance in full the Company's existing term loan facility (the Senior Term Loan ), and pay fees and expenses related to the Thryv Australia Acquisition and related financing. 
 
 The Term Loan established a senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to million, of which was held by related parties who are equity holders of the Company, as of March 1, 2021. The Term Loan Facility matures on March 1, 2026 and borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, LIBOR or a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum equal to (i) (for LIBOR loans) and (ii) (for base rate loans). The Term Loan Facility requires mandatory amortization payments equal to million per fiscal quarter . 
 
 The net proceeds from the Term Loan of million (net of original issue discount costs of million and third-party fees of million) were used to repay the remaining million outstanding principal balance of the Senior Term Loan, accrued interest of million, and third-party fees of million. The Company accounted for this transaction with existing lenders as a modification. The transaction with other lenders party to only the Senior Term Loan was accounted for as an extinguishment. 
 
 Accordingly, total third-party fees paid were million, of which million was immediately charged to General and administrative expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The remaining third-party fees of million were deferred as debt issuance costs and will be amortized to interest expense, over the term of the loan, using the effective interest method. Additionally, there were unamortized debt issuance costs of million on the existing Senior Term Loan, of which million was written off and recorded as a loss on early extinguishment of debt on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The remaining unamortized debt issuance costs of million will be deferred as debt issuance costs and amortized to interest expense, over the term of the Term Loan, using the effective interest method. The Term Loan, which was incurred by Thryv, Inc., the 
 95 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company has recorded accrued interest of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest is included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, portion of the Term Loan was held by related parties who are equity holders of the Company. As of December 31, 2021, of the Term Loan was held by related parties who are equity holders of the Company. 
 
 Term Loan Covenants 
 
 The Term Loan contains certain covenants that, subject to exceptions, limit or restrict the borrower's incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens, investments, loans, advances, guarantees, acquisitions, sales of assets, sale-leaseback transactions, swap agreements, payments of dividends or distributions, payments in respect of certain indebtedness, certain affiliate transactions, restrictive amendments to agreements, changes in business, amendments of certain material documents, capital expenditures, mergers, consolidations and liquidations, and use of the proceeds. Additionally, the Company is required to maintain compliance with a Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated as Net Debt to Consolidated EBITDA, which shall not be greater than to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the Term Loan covenants. The Company expects to be in compliance with these covenants for the next twelve months. 
 
 ABL Facility 
 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to amend (the ABL Amendment the Company's June 30, 2017 asset-based lending ABL facility (the ABL Facility ). The ABL Amendment was entered into in order to permit the term loan refinancing, the Thryv Australia Acquisition and make certain other changes to the ABL credit agreement, including, among others: 
 
 revise the maximum revolver amount to million; 
 reduce the interest rate per annum to (i) 3-month LIBOR plus for LIBOR loans and (ii) base rate plus for base rate loans; 
 reduce the commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the ABL Facility to ; 
 extend the maturity date of the ABL Facility to the earlier of March 1, 2026 and 91 days prior to the stated maturity 
 date of the Term Loan Facility; 
 add the Australian subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the Thryv Australia Acquisition as borrowers and guarantors and establish an Australian borrowing base; and 
 make certain other conforming changes consistent with the Term Loan agreement. 
 
 The Company accounted for this transaction as a modification of the ABL Facility. Accordingly, the existing unamortized debt issuance costs of million, as well as additional third-party fees and lender fees of million associated with the latest ABL Amendment, will be deferred and amortized over the new term of the ABL Facility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. These debt issuance costs are included in Other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowing capacity of million u nder the ABL Facility. 
 
 ABL Facility Covenants 
 
 The ABL Facility contains certain covenants that, subject to exceptions, limit or restrict the borrower's incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens, investments, loans, advances, guarantees, acquisitions, disposals of assets, payments of certain indebtedness, certain affiliate transactions, changes in fiscal year or accounting methods, issuance or sale of equity instruments, mergers, liquidations and consolidations, use of proceeds, maintenance of certain deposit accounts, compliance with certain ERISA requirements and compliance with certain Australian tax requirements. The Company is required to maintain compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio that must exceed a ratio of 1.00. The fixed charge coverage ratio is 
 96 

million, and U.S. excess availability of million, in each case, at all times. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company was in compliance with the ABL Facility covenants. The Company expects to be in compliance with these covenants for the next twelve months. 
 
 Leaseback Obligations 
 
 As part of the YP Acquisition on June 30, 2017, the Company assumed certain obligations including a failed sale-leaseback liability associated with land and a building in Tucker, Georgia. In conjunction with this financing liability, the fair value of the land and building was included as a part of the total tangible assets acquired in the acquisition. A portion of this liability consists of a non-cash residual value at termination of the lease, which upon termination will be written off against the remaining carrying value of the land and building, with any amount remaining recorded as a gain on termination of the lease. In June 2021, the Company made a million cash payment to terminate the lease, which is recorded in Other in Cash flows from financing activities on the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows. As of December 31, 2021, the lease termination resulted in the write-off of million in net carrying value of assets under leaseback obligation and million in leaseback obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, a million l oss on the termination of leaseback obligations was recorded in Other expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

Note 11 
 
 Expected return on assets ) ) ) Settlement (gain)/loss ) ) Remeasurement (gain)/loss ) ) Net periodic pension (benefit) cost 
 ) ) 
 
 Since all pension plans are frozen and no employees accrue future pension benefits under any of the pension plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption is no longer applicable. The Company determines the weighted-average discount rate by applying a yield curve comprised of the yields on several hundred high-quality, fixed income corporate bonds available on the measurement date to expected future benefit cash flows. 
 
 97 

Interest cost discount rate Expected return on plan assets, net of administrative expenses Interest crediting rate Rate of compensation expense increase N/A N/A N/A 
 
 The following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used for determining the Company's pension benefit obligations: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Pension benefit obligations discount rate Interest crediting rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 
 Pension Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets 
 
 Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss, net ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Balance as of December 31 Change in Plan Assets Balance as of January 1 Plan contributions Actual return on plan assets, net of administrative expenses ) Benefits paid ) ) Balance as of December 31 Funded Status as of December 31 (plan assets less benefit obligations) ) ) 
 
 The accumulated obligations for all defined pension plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Non-qualified plans 
 
 98 

million to the qualified plans and approximately million to the non-qualified plans. 
 
 The net actuarial gain in the benefit obligations of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a result of gains attributable to increasing discount rates due to changes in the corporate bond markets and economic and demographic assumption updates, partially offset by losses attributable to actual asset performance falling short of expectations and plan experience different than expected. ) Long-term liabilities ) ) Total pension liability as of December 31 ) ) 
 
 Projected benefit obligations Plan assets 
 
 Expected Cash Flows 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 
 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 
 The Company's overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of assets, allowing it to meet projected benefits payments while taking into consideration expected levels of risk and return. Depending on perceived market pricing and various other factors, both active and passive approaches are utilized. 
 
 99 

Equity funds U.S. treasuries and agencies Corporate bond funds Total Hedge funds-investments measured at net asset value NAV as a practical expedient 
 Total plan assets 
 
 December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 (Quoted Market Prices in Active Markets) Level 2 (Significant Observable Input) Level 3 (Unobservable Inputs) Cash and cash equivalents Equity funds U.S. treasuries and agencies Corporate bond funds Total Hedge funds-investments measured at NAV as a practical expedient Total plan assets 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of cash and high-grade money market instruments with short-term maturities. Equity funds are mutual funds invested in equity securities. U.S. treasuries and agencies are fixed income investments in U.S. government or agency securities. Corporate bonds are mutual fund investments in corporate debt. Hedge funds are private investment vehicles that use a variety of investment strategies with the objective of providing positive total returns regardless of market performance. 
 
 Pension Plan Hedge Fund Investments 
 
 The Company's hedge fund investments are made through limited partnership interests in various hedge funds that employ different trading strategies. Examples of strategies followed by hedge funds include directional strategies, relative value strategies and event driven strategies. A directional strategy entails taking a net long or short position in a market. Relative value seeks to take advantage of mis-pricing between two related and often correlated securities with the expectation that the pricing discrepancy will be resolved over time. Relative value strategies typically involve buying and selling related securities. An event driven strategy uses different investment approaches to profit from reactions to various events. Typically, events can include acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings that are expected to affect individual companies and may include long and short positions in common and preferred stocks, as well as debt securities and options. The Company has no unfunded commitments to these investments and has redemption rights with respect to its investments that range up to three years. 
 
 The Company uses NAV to determine the fair value of all the underlying investments which do not have a readily determinable fair market value, and either have the attributes of an investment company or prepare their financial statements consistent with the measurement principles of an investment company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used NAV to value its hedge fund investments. 
 100 

U.S. treasuries and agencies, corporate bond funds, and other fixed income Equity funds Hedge funds Total 
 
 Prospective Pension Plan Investment Strategy 
 
 The Company uses a liability driven investment LDI strategy, and as part of the strategy, the Company may invest in hedge fund investments, fixed income investments, equity investments and will hold an adequate amount of cash and cash equivalents to meet daily pension obligations. 
 
 Expected Rate of Return for Pension Assets 
 
 The expected rate of return for the pension assets represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits are expected to be paid. The expected rate of return on the plan assets is developed from the expected future return on each asset class, weighted by the expected allocation of pension assets to that asset class. Historical performance is considered for the types of assets in which the plan invests. Independent market forecasts and economic and capital market considerations are also utilized. 
 
 For 2023, the expected rates of return, net of administrative expenses, for the Dex Pension Plan and the YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan are and , respectively, with a weighted-average expected rate of return of . In 2022, the actual rates of return on assets for the Dex Pension Plan and the YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan were ) and ) , respectively. In 2021, the actual rates of return on assets for the Dex Pension Plan and the YP Holdings LLC Pension Plan were and , respectively. 
 
 Savings Plan Benefits 
 
 The Company sponsors a defined contribution savings plan to provide opportunities for eligible employees to save for retirement. Substantially all of the Company's employees are eligible to participate in the plan. Participant contributions may be made on a pre-tax, after-tax, or Roth basis. Under the plan, a certain percentage of eligible employee contributions are matched with Company cash contributions that are allocated to the participants' current investment elections. The Company recognizes its contributions as savings plan expense based on its matching obligation to participating employees. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded total savings plan expense of million, million, and million, respectively. The decline in savings plan expense for year ended December 31, 2020 was due to the Company's suspension of the employee matching program in April 2020 as part of managing costs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Note 12 
 
 . Any shares reserved for issuance, but unissued, forfeited or lapse unexercised under the 2016 Plan will be made available under the 2020 Plan for issuance. On May 18, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan to provide that commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, there will be an 
 101 

of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding year. On January 1, 2022, the 2020 Plan share pool increased by shares, of the outstanding common stock of shares on December 31, 2021. 
 
 ) Sales and marketing General and administrative ) Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) ) 
 
 The following table sets forth stock-based compensation expense by award type during the periods presented: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Stock options RSUs PSUs ESPP Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 stock options were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 On October 15, 2020 and December 11, 2020, the Company granted and stock options, respectively, to certain employees and non-management directors at an exercise price of and per share, respectively, that vest over a to period ending on October 15, 2024 and have a term from the date of grant. 
 
 On November 23, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee approved (i) a one-time stock option repricing for certain previously granted and still outstanding options held by the Company s employees; and (ii) for certain officers, contingent upon each such officer s written consent with respect to certain of his or her own previously granted and still outstanding options, (1) a one-time stock option repricing and (2) a delayed vesting schedule for such options Repricing ). Except for the reduction in the exercise price of the outstanding options and the officer vesting change described above, all outstanding stock options under the 2016 Plan will continue to remain outstanding in accordance with the current terms and conditions of the 2016 Plan and the applicable award agreements. As a result of the Repricing, vested and unvested stock options outstanding, with an original exercise price of per share, were repriced to per share. The Repricing resulted in one-time incremental stock-based compensation expense of million, which will be recognized over the remaining term of the repriced options. 
 
 A stock option holder may pay the option exercise price in cash, by delivering to the Company unrestricted shares having a value at the time of exercise equal to the exercise price, by a cashless broker-assisted exercise, by a loan from the Company, (unless prohibited by law) or by a combination of these methods. 
 
 Any unvested portion of the stock option award will be forfeited upon the employee s termination of employment with the Company for any reason before the date the option vests, except that the Compensation Committee of the Company, at its sole option and election, may provide for the accelerated vesting of the stock option award. If the Company terminates the employee without cause or the employee resigns for good reason, then the employee is eligible to exercise the stock options that vested on or before the effective date of such termination or resignation. If the Company terminates the employee for 
 102 

Dividend yield N/A N/A Volatility N/A N/A Risk-free interest rate N/A N/A Expected life (in years) N/A N/A 
 
 Granted Exercises (issuance of shares) ) Forfeitures/expirations ) Outstanding stock option awards as of December 31 Options exercisable as of December 31 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's stock options was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 103 

Granted Exercises (issuance of shares) ) Forfeitures/expirations ) Outstanding stock option awards at December 31 Options exercisable as of December 31 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's stock options was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Proceeds from Exercises of Stock Options 
 
 Cash proceeds received from exercises of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. The associated tax benefit from options exercised were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 On May 3, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee approved a form of award agreement (the RSU Award Agreement for grants of RSUs to the Company s named executive officers under 2020 Plan. Additionally, on June 17, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved a form of award agreement for grants of RSUs to the Company s non-employee directors (the Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement under the 2020 Plan. Pursuant to the RSU Award Agreement and the Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement, each RSU entitles the recipient to share of the Company s common stock, subject to time-based vesting conditions set forth in individual agreements. 
 
 The fair value of each RSU grant is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The RSUs vest over the requisite service period, which ranges between and from the date of grant, subject to the continued employment of the employees and services of the non-employee board members. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's RSU awards was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there were RSUs expected to vest with a weighted average grant-date fair value of per unit. 
 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 On May 3, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved a form of award agreement (the PSU Award Agreement for grants of PSUs, under the Company s 2020 Plan. Pursuant to the PSU Award Agreement, each PSU entitles the recipient to share of the Company s common stock, subject to performance-based vesting conditions set forth in individual agreements. 
 
 The PSUs will vest, if at all, following the achievement of certain performance measures over a performance period, relative to certain performance and market conditions. Grant date fair value of PSUs, that vest relative to a performance condition, is measured based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and expensed on a straight-line basis when it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied, net of forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of . Grant date fair value of PSUs, that vest relative to a market condition, is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of . 
 
 104 

million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there were PSUs expected to vest with a weighted average grant-date fair value of per unit. 
 
 Dividend yield Volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life (in years) 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The ESPP was approved by the Company's Board of Directors on September 10, 2020 and became effective on September 23, 2020. Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase a limited number of shares of our common stock at the lesser of of the market value at the beginning of the offering period or of the market value at the end of the offering period. The ESPP is intended to enable eligible employees to use payroll deductions to purchase shares of stock in offerings under the plan, and thereby acquire an interest in the Company. The maximum aggregate number of shares of stock available for purchase under the plan by eligible employees is shares. A total of shares were issued on June 30, 2022, and shares were issued on December 31, 2022, for a total of shares issued through the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2022. A total of shares were issued on June 30, 2021, and shares were issued on December 31, 2021, for a total of shares issued through the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Stock Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had fully vested outstanding warrants of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the holders of such warrants were entitled to purchase, in the aggregate, up to shares and shares, respectively, of common stock. The warrants can be exercised at a strike price of per common share. The warrants were issued in 2016 upon the Company's emergence from its pre-packaged bankruptcy. These warrants expire on August 15, 2023. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and warrants, respectively, were exercised. Cash proceeds from exercises of stock warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and are recorded in Proceeds from exercises of stock options and stock warrants in Cash flows from financing activities on the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Private Placement 
 
 On August 25, 2020, the Company completed a private placement of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The total cash received was million, net of expenses. These shares were issued from Treasury stock. This resulted in a loss on the reissuance of Treasury stock of million recorded as a reduction in Additional paid-in-capital. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 On January 28, 2020, the Company repurchased shares of its outstanding common stock from a single stockholder for a total purchase price of million. On March 10, 2020, the Company repurchased shares of its outstanding common stock for a total purchase price of million. During June 2020, the Company repurchased shares of its outstanding common stock for a total purchase price of million. The shares acquired in each of these transactions were recorded as Treasury stock upon repurchase. 
 
 105 

Note 13 
 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period Basic net income per share 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Diluted net income per share: Net income Basic shares outstanding during the period Plus: Common stock equivalents associated with stock option awards Diluted shares outstanding Diluted net income per share 
 The computation of diluted shares outstanding excluded (i) and of outstanding stock option awards for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, (ii) and of ESPP shares for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (iii) , and of outstanding stock warrants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, (iv) outstanding RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and (v) PSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Note 14 
 Foreign ) Total income before income tax (expense) benefit ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total current tax (expense) ) ) ) Deferred tax (expense) benefit: Federal ) State and local ) Foreign Total deferred tax benefit Total income tax (expense) benefit ) ) 
 106 

Foreign rate differential ) State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in value of indemnification asset ) Non-deductible executive compensation Stock compensation ) Non-deductible transaction costs Change in federal and state valuation allowance ) ) ) Change in unrecognized tax benefits (including FBOS) ) ) Bargain purchase gain ) Non-deductible goodwill impairment Federal research and development credit ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 
 107 

Deferred and other compensation Capital investments Fixed assets and capitalized software Debt, capitalized fees, and other interest Pension and other post-employment benefits Operating lease liability Reserve for facility exit costs Net operating loss and credit carryforwards (1) 
 Non-compete and other agreements Goodwill and other intangible assets Other, net Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Deferred revenue ) Goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) Deferred costs ) ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Debt, capitalized fees, and other interest ) Fixed assets and capitalized software ) ) Other, net ) ) Total deferred tax (liabilities) ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 million, subject to an annual Section 382 limitation of million. The Company also had net operating loss and credit carryforward deferred tax assets of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 million of the state net operating loss carryforward deferred tax asset balance is subject to a Section 382 limitation. 
 
 The Company establishes a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In evaluating the ability to realize deferred tax assets, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, in determining whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed for some or all of the Company's deferred tax assets. In determining the need for a valuation allowance on the Company's deferred tax assets, the Company places greater weight on recent and objectively verifiable current information. The Company has considered taxable income in prior carryback years, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and future taxable income in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. If the Company was to determine that it would be able to realize the deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 
 108 

million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net valuation allowance decrease of million on the basis of management s reassessment of the amount of its deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 
 Net change in valuation allowance ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 The Company records unrecognized tax benefits for the estimated risk associated with tax positions taken on tax returns. 
 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various other state and foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to potential examination include the United States and Australia. Generally, tax years 2019 through 2021 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and tax years 2018 through 2021 are subject to examination by the Australian Tax Authority. State tax returns are open for examination for an average of three years; however, certain jurisdictions remain open to examination longer than three years due to the existence of net operating loss carryforwards. The Company received IRS FPAA notification letters (Form 1830-C) dated August 29, 2018 for IRS adjustments related to the tax years 2012-2015, for which the Company has previously adequately reserved. See Note 15, Contingent Liabilities . The Company is also currently under California Franchise Tax Board tax examination for tax years 2013 and 2014, Colorado state tax examination for tax years 2017 through 2020, Maine state tax examination for tax years 2018 through 2020, and New York state tax examination for tax years 2019 through 2021. The Company does not have any other significant state or local examinations in process. 
 
 Gross additions for tax positions related to the current year Gross additions for tax positions related to prior years ) Gross reductions for tax positions related to the lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's unrecognized tax benefit increased by million, while for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company's unrecognized tax benefit decreased by million, and for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company's unrecognized tax benefit decreased by million. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to tax positions related to research and development credits claimed for tax years 2021 and 2022 offset by the reduction for tax positions related to the lapse of applicable statute of limitations. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the reduction for tax positions related to the lapse of applicable statute of limitations. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to a partial release of uncertain tax positions due to favorable developments with ongoing U.S. federal tax examinations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had million, million, and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, that if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The Company recorded adjustments to interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of the expense/(benefit) for income taxes in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income of million, million, and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 109 

million, million, and million of accrued interest as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 It is reasonably possible that the million unrecognized tax benefit liability presented above for the year ended December 31, 2022, could decrease by million within the next twelve months, due to an anticipated settlement with the tax authorities and the expiration of the statute of limitations in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted into law and is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The IRA introduces a 15 alternative minimum tax based on the financial statement income of certain large corporations and imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases, effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on our financial results in future periods. 

Note 15 
 
 petitions (in the names of various related partners) in U.S. Tax Court, and the IRS filed answers to those petitions. The cases were consolidated by the court and were referred back to IRS Administrative Appeals for settlement negotiations, during which time the litigation was suspended. The appeals conference for YP occurred on May 9, 2022. The Company is working with the Appeals Officer to schedule settlement negotiations. In advance of the IRS Appeals conference, the parties reached an agreement regarding additional research and development tax credits for the tax years at issue whereby the IRS will allow more tax credits than were originally claimed on the tax returns. With respect to the tax year from July to December 2015 for the Print Media LLC partnership, the Company was recently unsuccessful in its attempt to negotiate a settlement with IRS Appeals, and the IRS issued a 90-day notice to the Company. The Company filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to challenge the IRS denial. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has reserved million and million , respectively, in connection with the Section 199 disallowance and less than million related to the research and development tax credit disallowance. Pursuant to the YP Acquisition agreement, the Company is entitled to (i) a dollar-for-dollar indemnification for the research and development tax liability, and (ii) a dollar-for-dollar indemnification for the Section 199 tax liability after the Company pays the first million in liability. The indemnification asset, however, is subject to a provision in the YP Acquisition agreement that limits the seller s liability. The balance of the indemnification asset is million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 110 

million, including interest. The Company reversed the million reserve existing on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Ohio Use Tax Audit 
 
 In November 2021, the Company received a notice from the Ohio Department of Taxation Audit Division requesting to schedule an audit of the Ohio use tax records for the period of October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2022. The Company has reserved million for this period, which is accrued on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Note 16 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax expense of million an d million, respectively 
 ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 
 ) ) 

Note 17 
 
 operating segments, which are also its reportable segments: (1) Thryv U.S. Marketing Services, (2) Thryv U.S. SaaS, (3) Thryv International Marketing Services, and (4) Thryv International SaaS. As of January 1, 2022, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, who is also the chief operating decision maker CODM ), began including gross profit by segment in the Company's reporting to assess segment performance and allocate resources. As such, gross profit by segment has been added to the current and comparative prior period. 
 
 The Company does not allocate assets to its segments and the CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and, therefore, such information is not presented. 
 
 111 

Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Thryv U.S. Thryv International (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Marketing Services SaaS Total Revenue Segment Gross Profit ) Segment Adjusted EBITDA ) ) 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Thryv U.S. Thryv International (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Marketing Services SaaS Total Revenue Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense Restructuring and integration expenses Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Transaction costs (1) 
 Other components of net periodic pension (benefit) cost ) ) Non-cash (gain) loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset ) ) Other ) ) Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 (1) Consists of Vivial Acquisition, Thryv Australia Acquisition and other transaction cost s. 
 112 

Digital Total Marketing Services SaaS Total Thryv U.S. Thryv International Print Digital Total Marketing Services SaaS Total Thryv International Total Revenue 
 
 Australia Do we need to add Canada, DR, or immaterial? 
 Total long-lived assets Percentage of long-lived assets held outside of the United States 

113 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. 
 
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 We are in the process of integrating Vivial Media Holdings, Inc. ("Vivial") that we acquired on January 21, 2022. Management s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 excludes an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting related to the Vivial Acquisition. The Vivial Acquisition represented 2 of our consolidated total assets at December 31, 2022, and 7 of our consolidated revenue included in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein . 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have completed one acquisition in the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 . As part of our ongoing integration activities, we continue to implement our controls and procedures over the business we acquired to reflect the risks inherent in our acquisition. Throughout the integration process, we monitor these efforts and take corrective action as needed to reinforce the application of our controls and procedures. Other than the foregoing, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 114 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Our audit of, and opinion on, the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting of Vivial Media Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 2 and 7 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. As indicated in Management s Report, Vivial Media Holdings, Inc. was acquired during 2022. Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting of Vivial Media Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 
 115 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code that is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and any other persons performing similar functions, which is available on our website at www.thryv.com under Investor Relations - Governance Documents. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver from a provision of the Code for Thryv s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website. 
 
 The remaining information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference from the information to be provided in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements (included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 116 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is either not required or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 The documents set forth below are filed herewith or are incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2021) 
 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on September 24, 2020) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed the SEC on September 24, 2020) 
 4.1 Description of Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2021) . 

4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated August 15, 2016, among Thryv, Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 4.3 Officer s Certificate delivered pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 2016, among Thryv, Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 4.4 Pledge Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, by and between Yosemite Sellers Representative LLC and Thryv Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, by and among Thryv, Inc., certain other Credit Parties, certain other Subsidiaries of Thryv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.2 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 31, 2019, among Thryv, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated March 21, 2019, among Thryv, Inc., as borrower, Thryv Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.4 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 20, 2019, among Thryv, Inc., as borrower, Thryv Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.5 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 28, 2020, among Thryv, Inc., as borrower, Thryv Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.6+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 26, 2016, by and between Thryv, Inc. and Joseph A. Walsh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 
 117 

10.7+ Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020) . 
 10.8+ Amendment No. 1 to Thryv Holdings, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Amendment 1, filed with the SEC on September 17, 2020). 
 10.9+ Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.11 + 2022 Over Performance Plan, dated March 25, 2022 
 10.12 + 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan, dated March 22, 2022 
 10.13+ Thryv, Inc. Severance Plan Executive Vice Presidents and Above, dated January 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 10.14+ Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on September 23, 2020). 
 10.15+ First Amendment to the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Registrant s Definitive Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35895) filed on June 16, 2021. 
 10.16+ Second Amendment to the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Registrant s Definitive Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35895) filed on June 16, 2021. 
 10.17+ Form of Thryv Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 18, 2020). 
 10.18+ Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on September 23, 2020). 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated September 23, 2020, by and among Thryv Holdings, Inc. and the Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020). 
 10.20 Term Loan Credit Agreement by and among Thryv Holdings, Inc., Thryv, Inc., the Lenders party thereto from time to time and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, dated as of March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed, with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 10.21 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement and Joinder, among Thryv Holdings, Inc., Thryv, Inc. and the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed, with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 10.22+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022 . 
 10.23+ Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022 . 
 10.24+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022.) 
 21.1 List of significant subsidiaries of Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 23.2 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 118 

32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (included in Exhibits 101). 
 
 Filed herewith 
 + Management contract of compensatory plan or arrangement 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 119 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 THRYV HOLDINGS, INC. February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph A. Walsh Joseph A. Walsh Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Paul D. Rouse Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signatures Title(s) Date /s/ Joseph A. Walsh Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 Joseph A. Walsh (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer February 23, 2023 Paul D. Rouse (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Amer Akhtar Director February 23, 2023 Amer Akhtar /s/ Bonnie Kintzer Director February 23, 2023 Bonnie Kintzer /s/ Ryan O'Hara Director February 23, 2023 Ryan O'Hara /s/ John Slater Director February 23, 2023 John Slater /s/ Lauren Vaccarello Director February 23, 2023 Lauren Vaccarello /s/ Heather Zynczak Director February 23, 2023 Heather Zynczak 

120 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 exhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

Exhibit 10.11 

 2022 OVER PERFORMANCE PLAN OPP 
 
 Effective January 1 December 31, 2022 

PURPOSE 
 
 The Over Performance Plan (the Plan or OPP is an incremental incentive plan designed to reward eligible Director level and above employees for achievement of pre-established corporate performance measure(s) that are assigned a specific weight according to their importance in the Company s business plan. This Plan, for eligible employees, covers the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 This Plan supersedes any prior incremental incentive plan version and cancels any document that provides information contrary to the information contained in this Plan version. The Company may terminate the Plan, amend or modify the Plan in any respect, at any time, and without notice, provided, however, that such termination, modification or amendment shall not adversely affect the rights of a participant to receive an award already fully earned under the Plan. 
 
 ELIGIBILITY 
 
 All regular full-time and part-time non-sales, non-bargained for Director level and above employees who are employed during the calendar year, and who commence employment with the Company on or before September 30 , 2022 are potentially eligible to participate in the Plan. To be eligible to earn and receive payment of an incentive award, the participant must be 
 
 1. Classified as a permanent employee 
 
 2. Employed with the Company during some portion of the period for which the bonus is being measured, and initially be hired by the Company on or before September 30 , 2022 and 

3. Actively working at the Director level or above through the payment date, or on Company-approved or job-protected leave for any periods not worked where the Company has a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to their position in the near future and is active on the date the incentive award is earned, as defined in the Administration section. An individual is actively working if he or she is actually working and carrying out his or her duties at the Company, or he or she is on PTO or a paid Company holiday. 
 
 Incentive awards are not earned until the events described in the Administration section occur. 
 
 The following individuals are not eligible for a payment under OPP 

1. Employees who voluntarily terminate their employment or are involuntarily terminated for any reason are not eligible for the 2022 OPP payment. In addition, payment to employees who are under investigation for misconduct on the normal payout date may be delayed. If it is determined that misconduct occurred and termination occurs, the award is forfeited in accordance with applicable state law. 
 
 2. Contractors and interns are not eligible. 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

 2022 OPP DESIGN 
 
 PLAN COVERAGE PERIOD 
 
 Awards under the Plan will be based upon the achievement of pre-established annual Corporate performance measure(s) and the eligible employee s annual eligible base salary on December 31 of the Plan year will be used when proration(s) are not required for the following Plan Coverage Period(s), unless modified by the Committee 
 January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

OPP PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND GOALS 
 
 The amount of any OPP payment will be based on the eligible employee s target OPP opportunity and attainment of certain Corporate performances measures. Target opportunities, corporate performance metrics, weighting, and the pre-established performance goals are set by the Committee in its sole discretion and may be changed at any time. Performance against pre-established Corporate goals, as determined by the Committee and the Chief Executive Officer, determine the funding level that will be available for awarding incentives. If it is determined that OPP awards will be granted, senior management and the Board retains the sole discretion to set award levels and to adjust award levels and subsequent employee distributions. 
 
 CORPORATE PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND GOALS 
 
 The Corporate performance measures for 2022 are Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization EBITDA ), Free Cash Flow FCF and SaaS Net Revenue. The performance metric will be measured against an annual EBITDA result with a minimum and target goal. No incentive payment will be earned for EBITDA performance below the minimum. The eligible employee s individual performance rating may not be a basis for the OPP. 
 
 Table 1 
 
 Metric Weight Threshold Maximum EBITDA 25 303.30 MM No Cap Free Cash Flow 25 84.80 MM No Cap SaaS Net Revenue 50 215.20 MM No Cap 
 
 The table below illustrates the minimum threshold and incremental achievement levels of EBITDA, FCF and SaaS Net Revenue performance for 2022 and the corresponding payout levels for OPP. Incentive awards are interpolated between achievement levels. 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

 Table 2 

INDIVIDUAL TARGET OPPORTUNITY 
 
 Eligible employees will have an OPP target percentage opportunity assigned based on their job(s) during the Plan year. Targets may be prorated to capture the relevant base salary earnings in each job, the target percentage of each job, and the amount of time spent in each job. The eligible employee s annual base salary on December 31 of the Plan year will be used when proration(s) are not required. 
 
 The annual OPP targets by job level are generally as follows 
 
 Table 3 
 
 JOB LEVEL 2022 OPP TARGET Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 100 Executive Vice President (EVP) 60 - 70 Vice President (VP) 40 Assistant Vice President (AVP) 30 Director (DIR) 25 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

PRORATION OF INCENTIVE 
 
 If an employee meets plan eligibility requirements, the OPP award will be prorated for any periods during which the employee was not working and not on regular, company-approved paid time off. For example, the OPP award will be prorated to reflect any of the following 
 
 1. Unpaid Leave 
 2. Leave supplemented with a pay replacement benefit (such as STD, LTD, or workers compensation) 
 3. Absence without leave 
 4. Administrative leave as part of any company investigation, discipline, or inquiry 
 5. Hire date after January 1, 2022. 
 
 6. Existing employees who have a job change into or out of a role, a change in Target or a change in base pay during the Plan Coverage Period that is eligible for participation in the OPP. 
 
 In such situations as described above, the 2022 OPP award, if any, will be paid at the time that other 2022 OPP awards are scheduled to be paid in accordance to Plan, unless otherwise specifically stated in this Plan. For employees on leave, OPP awards will be paid to the employee once they return to work, are active and no longer on leave. 
 
 EXAMPLE - OPP INCENTIVE AWARD CALCULATION (For illustrative purposes only) 
 
 Compensation Assumptions January 1 December 31 
 
 Base Salary 100,000 
 Target Bonus 25 
 Total Target Bonus 25,000 (EBITDA 6,250 FCF 6,250 & SaaS Net Revenue 12,500) 
 
 Table 4 
 2022 
 OPP Component 
 Achievement (MM) Target Payout of Pool Achieved Total Payout EBITDA 313.80 MM 6,250 70 4,375 FCF 90.80 MM 6,250 40 2,500 SaaS Revenue 235.20 MM 12,500 100 12,500 19,375 Assumes 100,000 base salary and 25 target bonus 

TIMING OF PAYMENTS 
 
 Award payments are targeted for spring 2023 after the issuance of Thryv audited financial statements and after review and approval by the Committee and Board. Payments will be made to eligible employees actively working and on payroll at the time of payment. 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

 DEFINITIONS 
 
 BASE SALARY EARNINGS 
 
 An eligible employee s base salary earnings paid during the Plan Period as of December 31 or prorated for each eligible job(s) within the Plan period. Base salary earnings for this purpose do not include benefits, bonuses, overtime, or other awards. 
 
 BOARD 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 COMMITTEE 
 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Thryv, Inc. only. Results from foreign operations, including the acquisition of the Sensis organization are excluded from all Plan metrics. 
 
 EBITDA 
 Total Company operating income, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, each calculated in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to exclude the impact of stock compensation expense. 
 
 FREE CASH FLOW (FCF) 
 Operating cash generated by the company less outlays for capital expenditures. 
 
 SaaS Net Revenue 
 Net revenue generated from the sale of Thryv Software, Thryv Leads and other associated add-ons or products. 
 
 INDIVIDUAL TARGET OPPORTUNITY 
 
 An eligible OPP target percentage for eligible employee based on one s job level(s). 
 
 PLAN PARTICIPATION EFFECTIVE DATES 
 
 The effective date for participants who become eligible for this Plan is on January 1, 2022 or after their eligibility date. The effective date for cessation of participation in this Plan for participants who move into a position not eligible for this Plan is the end of the pay period in which the move occurs. Non-sales employees at the Director level and above who are hired after January 1 of the Plan Coverage Period and who do not participate in another function-specific incentive plan are eligible to participate in this Plan subject to pro-ration rules based on hire date. 
 
 PLAN YEAR OR COVERAGE PERIOD 
 The Plan Year is the Company s fiscal year, January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Approval Objectives Guidelines 
 
 OPP Awards are at the sole discretion of senior management and the Board of Directors, and may or may not be granted based upon Company, functional unit, departmental, and or individual performance in the plan year. If it is determined that OPP awards will be granted, senior management and the Board of Directors retains the sole discretion to set award levels and to adjust award levels and subsequent employee distributions. 
 
 When OPP Awards are Earned 
 
 OPP Awards are not earned, are not due, and shall not be paid, unless and until the following conditions are met (1) the Approval Objective Guidelines are met, (2) the Board approves Corporate performance and payment (3) all Plan eligibility requirements described of the Plan are met, (4) employee is employed and actively working (or on Company Approved or job protected leave) on the payment date, and (5) the payout date occurs. 
 
 OPP incentive awards, if any, will be paid within guidelines noted within and processed with via payroll. All legally required and applicable income and employment taxes and withholdings will be deducted from the gross incentive award paid to participants. Awards are not considered eligible compensation for the purposes of calculating 401(k) plan match and contributions, other employee benefits, such as life insurance calculation of medical contributions. 
 
 Disclaimer 
 This Plan is not a contract of employment OR OTHERWISE ALTER YOUR AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT STATUS and does not create any contractual rights. Any payment under the Plan or this incentive award is discretionary and at the will of the Company. This Plan document and the award schedules set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued employment for any period or at all, and will not interfere in any way with a participant s right to terminate or the Company s right to terminate a participant s employment at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice. 
 
 The Company may terminate the Plan, or amend or modify the Plan in any respect, at any time, and without notice. 
 
 This Plan may be superseded by federal, state, and local laws to the extent applicable. 

Compensation 2022 Over Performance Plan March 25, 2022 Page 1 of 5 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 exhibit1012.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 2022 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PLAN STIP 
 Effective January 1 December 31, 2022 
 
 PURPOSE 
 The Short Term Incentive Plan (the Plan or STIP is designed to reward eligible non-sales, non-bargained for employees for achievement of pre-established corporate performance measures and individual performance objectives that are assigned a specific weight according to their importance in the Company s business plan. This Plan, for eligible employees, covers the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 This Plan supersedes any prior incentive plan version and cancels any document that provides information contrary to the information contained in this Plan version. The Company may terminate the Plan, amend or modify the Plan in any respect, at any time, and without notice. In addition, incentive awards are not earned until the events described in the Administration section occur. 
 
 ELIGIBILITY 
 All regular full-time and part-time non-sales, non-bargained for employees who are employed during the calendar year, and who commence employment with the Company on or before September 30, 2022, and who do not participate in another incentive plan currently in operation, are potentially eligible to participate in the Plan. To be eligible to earn and receive payment of any incentive award, the participant must be 
 1. Classified as a permanent employee 
 2. Employed with the Company during some portion of the period for which the award is being measured, and initially hired by the Company on or before September 30, 2022 and 
 3. Actively working through the payment date, or on Company-approved or job-protected leave for any periods not worked where the Company has a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to their position in the near future and is active on the date the award is earned, as defined in the Administration section. An individual is actively working if they are actually working and carrying out their duties at the Company, or they are on PTO or a paid Company holiday. 
 4. Must be in a STI eligible position for a minimum of 90 consecutive days in order to be eligible for a prorated award. 
 
 Incentive awards are not earned until the events described in the Administration section occur. 
 The following individuals are not eligible for a payment under STIP 
 1. Employees who voluntarily terminate their employment or are involuntarily terminated for any reason are not eligible for the 2022 STIP payment. In addition, payment to employees who are under investigation for misconduct on the normal payout date may be delayed. If it is determined that misconduct occurred and termination occurs, the award is forfeited in accordance with applicable state law. 
 2. Contractors and interns are not eligible. 
 3. Employees who are participating in any other incentive plan within the Company (i.e. Sales Incentive programs, quarterly incentive programs, etc.). 
 4. Employees who are in a STI eligible position for less than 90 consecutive days. 

Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 1 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

 2022 STIP DESIGN 
 Performance metrics, weighting, and the pre-established performance goals are set by the Compensation Committee. Performance against pre-established corporate goals, as determined by the Committee and the Chief Executive Officer, determine the funding level that will be available for awarding incentives. If it is determined that the 2022 STIP awards will be granted, senior management and the Board retain the sole discretion to set award levels and to adjust award levels and subsequent employee distribution. 

Individual Target Bonus Opportunity 
 
 Each individual is assigned a target award opportunity that is a percentage of the individual s base salary. The target percentage opportunity is determined based on the individual s job(s) during the Plan Coverage Period, which may result in a target that has been prorated to capture the relevant base salary earnings in each job, the target percentage of each job and the amount of time spent in each job. The eligible employee s annual eligible base salary on December 31 of the Plan year will be used when proration(s) are not required. 
 The annual STIP targets by job level are as follows 
 Table 1 
 JOB LEVEL 2022 STIP TARGET CEO 100 Executive Vice President (EVP) 60-70 Vice President (VP) 40 Assistant Vice President (AVP) 30 Director (DIR) 25 Sr Manager (SRMGR), Manager (MGR), 
 Sr Exempt Individual Contributor (SRIC) 
 15 Supervisor (SUPV) 10 Exempt Individual Contributor (IC) 8 Non-Exempt Individual Contributor (NEIC) 5 
 
 Performance Goals 
 
 There are four components of the 2022 STIP performance goals for January 1 through December 31, 2022 
 
 Table 2 
 2022 STIP Component Weighting Target for January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 
 EBITDA 25 295.80 MM Free Cash Flow 25 79.80 MM SaaS Net Revenue 25 210.20 MM Individual Performance 25 Funds once EBITDA reaches 265.00 MM 
 The individual performance component is determined based on individual performance ratings as recorded during the year-end performance appraisal. As a result, eligible employees may receive an award that is higher or lower than the 2022 STIP target award as defined by their job level. 
 Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 2 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

 FUNDING 
 2022 STIP Financial Targets and Payout Curve 
 EBITDA incentive component begins to fund after exceeding a minimum EBITDA of 286.80 MM after cost of individual performance incentive, any adjusted FCF incentive earned and any adjusted SaaS revenue component earned, payout curve shown in Table 3 below. 
 The Free Cash Flow (FCF) incentive component begins to fund after exceeding a minimum FCF of 70.80 MM, payout curve shown in Table 3 below. 
 The SaaS Net Revenue incentive component begins to fund after exceeding a minimum SaaS Net Revenue of 201.20 MM, payout curve shown in Table 3 below. 
 Individual performance component of the incentive funds after obtaining minimum EBITDA of 265.00 MM. 
 Table 3 

Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 3 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

 IMPACT OF INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE RATING ON THE 2022 STI AWARD 
 Individual performance rating has a direct impact on the individual performance component (25 of total) of the STIP award. Your manager will determine the award amount for this component based on the scale below. Award amounts for company component (75 of total) are fixed based on Company performance. 
 Table 4 
 2022 Individual Performance Rating Individual Payout Percentage (25 of Award) Far Exceeded Expectations 125 - 150 Exceeded Expectations 100 - 125 Achieved Expectations 75 - 100 Partially Met Expectations 0 - 50 Did Not Meet Expectations 0 

Note Employees with an individual performance rating of Partially Met Expectations may receive up to 50 of their individual award portion (25 of award) as determined by their manager. Employees with an individual performance rating of Did Not Meet Expectations are not eligible for the individual component of the award and will receive a reduced payout at 25 of the Company performance portion. 
 PRORATION OF INCENTIVE 
 If an employee meets Plan eligibility requirements for only a portion of the Plan Coverage Period, the 2022 STIP award will be prorated (in days) for any periods the employee was not eligible. For example, the 2022 STIP will be prorated in an amount equivalent to the amount of time the employee was on any of the following 
 1. Unpaid leave 
 2. Leave supplemented with a pay replacement benefit (such as STD, LTD, or workers compensation) 
 3. Absent without leave 
 4. Administrative leave as part of any Company investigation, discipline, or inquiry 
 5. Hire date after January 1, 2022 
 6. Movement from the 2022 STIP to another incentive plan (e.g., Sales Operations) 
 7. Movement to the 2022 STIP eligible position from another incentive plan (e.g., Sales Operations) or from a position covered by a collective bargaining agreement 
 8. A job change that results in a change in Target or a change in base pay during the Plan Coverage Period. 
 
 In such situations as described above, the 2022 STIP award, if any, will be paid at the time that other 2022 STIP awards are scheduled to be paid in accordance to Plan, unless otherwise specifically stated in this Plan. For employees on leave, STIP awards will be paid to the employee once they return to work, are active and no longer on leave. 
 EXAMPLE - INCENTIVE AWARD CALCULATIONS 
 Thryv Plan January 1 to December 31 
 Company performance metrics as well as your individual performance count towards your 2022 STIP payout calculation. Below is an example of the target 2022 STIP calculation for an eligible employee who has been employed with the Company since January 1, 2022 with an annual base salary of 50,000 and an 8 STIP target opportunity. For illustrative purposes only, this assumes a full 365 days of the Plan Coverage Period within the same eligible job (I.e. no prorations) 
 Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 4 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

Compensation Assumptions January 1 December 31 
 Base Salary 50,000 
 Bonus Target 8 
 Bonus Target 4,000 
 Performance Rating Achieved Expectations 
 
 Company Performance Assumptions January 1 December 31 
 Company EBITDA achievement of 292.80 MM, 70 of target. 
 Company FCF achievement of 78.80 MM, 90 of target. 
 Company SaaS Net Revenue achievement of 212.20, 110 of target. 
 Individual Performance pool fully funded as EBITDA threshold of 265.00 MM exceeded. 
 
 The employee s 2022 STIP will therefore be as follows for each of the components 
 
 Payout calculation for the Period January 1 December 31 
 Table 5 
 A B C 2022 
 STIP Component 
 Bonus 
 Target ) 
 Measure Weighting Target Achieved Award 
 Payout (A B C) 
 EBITDA 4,000 25 70 700 FCF 4,000 25 90 900 SaaS Net Revenue 4,000 25 110 1,100 Individual Performance 4,000 25 100 1,000 2022 STIP Payout 3,700 
 Awarded by manager within allotted guidelines, see table 4. 
 
 TIMING OF PAYMENTS 
 Assuming Plan requirements are satisfied, which include Board review and approval, award payments will be targeted for spring 2023 to eligible employees actively working and on payroll at the time of payment. 
 
 Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 5 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

 DEFINITIONS 
 BASE SALARY EARNINGS 
 An eligible employee s base salary earnings paid during the Plan period as of December 31 or prorated for each eligible job(s) within the Plan period. Base salary earnings for this purpose do not include benefits, bonuses, overtime, or other awards. 
 
 BOARD 
 The Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 COMMITTEE 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 COMPANY 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Thryv, Inc. only. Results from foreign operations, including the acquisition of the Sensis organization, are excluded from all Plan metrics. 
 
 EBITDA 
 Total Company operating income, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, each calculated in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to exclude the impact of stock compensation expense. 
 
 FREE CASH FLOW (FCF) 
 Operating cash generated by the company less outlays for capital expenditures. 
 
 SaaS NET REVENUE 
 Net Revenue generated from the sales of Thryv Software, Thryv Leads and other associated add-ons or products. 
 
 INDIVIDUAL TARGET OPPORTUNITY 
 An eligible STIP target percentage for eligible employee based on one s job level and prorated when employee held more than one job level during the Plan year. 
 
 NON-BARGAINED FOR 
 Non-represented employees or those employees not working under a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 PLAN COVERAGE PERIOD 
 The Plan Coverage Period is January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 6 of 7 
 Compensation 

Exhibit 10.12 

 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Approval Objectives Guidelines 
 2022 STIP Awards are at the sole discretion of senior management and the Board of Directors, and may or may not be granted based upon Company, functional unit, departmental, and or individual performance in the plan year. If it is determined that 2022 STIP awards will be granted, senior management and the Board of Directors retain the sole discretion to set award levels and to adjust award levels and subsequent employee distributions. 
 
 When 2022 STIP Awards are Earned 
 2022 STIP Awards are not earned, are not due, and shall not vest unless until the following conditions are met (1) the Approval Objective Guidelines are met, (2) the Board approves corporate performance and payment, (3) all 2022 STIP eligibility requirements as described herein are met, (4) the individual is employed and actively working for the Company (or on Company Approved or job protected leave) on the payment date, and (5) the payout date occurs. 
 
 2022 STIP awards, if any, will be paid within guidelines noted within, and processed via payroll. All legally required and applicable income and employment taxes and withholdings will be deducted from the gross incentive award paid to participants. Awards are considered eligible compensation for the purposes of calculating 401(k) plan match and contributions, in addition to ESPP contributions, but are not otherwise considered compensation for the purpose of other employee benefits. 
 
 Interpretation 
 The Company shall have the full power and authority to interpret, construe, and administer this Plan, including the determination of the amount of each participant s award amount. 
 
 Short-Term Deferral 
 All 2022 STIP awards will be paid with the short-term deferral period, and thus, are exempt from Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 
 
 Disclaimer 
 THIS PLAN IS NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT OR OTHERWISE ALTER YOUR AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT STATUS AND DOES NOT CREATE ANY CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS. Any payment under the Plan or this incentive award is discretionary and at the will of the Company. This Plan document and the award schedules set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued employment for any period or at all, and will not interfere in any way with a participant s right to terminate or the Company s right to terminate a participant s employment at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice. 
 
 The Company may terminate the Plan, or amend or modify the Plan in any respect, at any time, and without notice. 
 
 This Plan may be superseded by federal, state, and local laws to the extent applicable. 
 
 Approved by Compensation Committee March 22, 2022 
 2022 Short Term Incentive Plan 
 Page 7 of 7 
 Compensation 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-202210xk.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, had the U.S. and international subsidiaries shown below as of January 1, 2023. Thryv Holdings, Inc. is not a subsidiary of any other entity. 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Thryv Australia Holdings Pty Ltd Australia Thryv Australia Pty Ltd Australia Australian Local Search Pty Limited Australia Life Events Media Pty Limited Australia Thryv Canada Ltd Canada (Toronto) Thryv, Inc. Delaware Thryv International Holding, LLC Delaware Thryv Small Business Foundation Delaware Thryv Volcano, LLC Delaware Thryv Canada Holdings, LLC Delaware Vivial Dominicana SRL Dominican Republic Thryv International Treasury Limited Malta Thryv Becketts Limited Malta Thryv Parabolica Limited Malta Thryv New Zealand Limited New Zealand 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-202210xk.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Thryv Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Thryv Holdings, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-266542 and File No. 333-256294) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-263626, File No. 333-258875 and File No. 333-249002). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Dallas, Texas February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exhibit232-202210xk.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266542) of Thryv Holdings, Inc. and in the related Prospectus 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-256294) Post-Effective Amendment No.1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 of Thryv Holdings, Inc. and in the related Prospectus 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-263626) pertaining to the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-258875) pertaining to the Thryv Holdings, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249002) pertaining to the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, 2020 Incentive Award Plan, and 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Thryv Holdings, Inc 
 
 of our report dated March 15, 2022 (except Note 17, as to which the date is February 23, 2023) with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Thryv Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young, LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311-202210xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Joseph A. Walsh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 By s Joseph A. Walsh 
 
 Joseph A. Walsh 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312-202210xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Paul D. Rouse, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 By s Paul D. Rouse 
 Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit321-202210xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph A. Walsh, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 By s Joseph A. Walsh 
 
 Joseph A. Walsh 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit322-202210xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul D. Rouse, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 By s Paul D. Rouse 
 Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 thry-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 thry-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 thry-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 thry-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 thry-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

