<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1445815_0001493152-23-010104.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6936067</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1040097</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2420536</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1474279</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1624388</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010104.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331135437
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010104
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOXYTRAN, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001445815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				262797630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35027
		FILM NUMBER:		23786501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BIOXYTRAN, INC.
		STREET 2:		75 2ND AVE, SUITE 605 STE 605
		CITY:			NEEDHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02494
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-494-1199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BIOXYTRAN, INC.
		STREET 2:		75 2ND AVE, SUITE 605 STE 605
		CITY:			NEEDHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02494

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U.S. RARE EARTH MINERALS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U.S. RARE EARTH MINERALS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U.S. Natural Nutrients & Minerals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010104.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from_____________ to _____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

., , ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

(Title
of Class) 

 Common
Stock, .001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, and large accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of Common Stock, as at the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which listed 

OTCQB 

As
at June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates based upon the per share closing
price of 0.32 as reported on the OTCQB Market and the market value was approximately (based on the assumption, solely for
purposes of this computation, that all Directors and Officers of the registrant were affiliates of the registrant). 

The
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as at March 30, 2023 was shares. 

BIOXYTRAN, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 

Item
 2 
 Properties 
 12 

Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 

Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 

Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 

Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 

Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 22 

Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 22 

Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 22 

Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 23 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 

Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 

Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 30 

Item
 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 30 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 37 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FOOTNOTES 
 F-1
 - F-20 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a number of forward-looking statements . Specifically, all statements other than statements
of historical facts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives
of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management
at the time these statements were made, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. When used in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein, the words anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, may, will, continue and intend, 
and words or phrases of similar import, as they relate to our financial position, business strategy and plans, or objectives of management,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are
subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions related to various factors. 

You
should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in our periodic reports to be filed with the SEC
under the Exchange Act, could affect our future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such
forward-looking statements: 

We
 expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
 are a company with limited operating history which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. 

We
 will require additional financing to implement our business plan which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and we
 may have to accept financing terms that would adversely affect our stockholders. 

Raising
 additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our drug
 candidates and dietary supplements. 

Our
 products are based on novel, unproven technologies. 

Clinical
 drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience
 delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. 

We
 may be unable to commercialize our drug candidates 

Our
 success depends upon our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel and direction
 and the loss of these persons could adversely affect our operations and results. 

We
 will need regulatory approvals to commercialize our products as drugs. 

Our
 competitive position depends on protection of our intellectual property. 

The
 market for our proposed products is rapidly changing and competitive, and new drugs and new treatments which may be developed by
 others could impair our ability to maintain and grow our business and remain competitive. 

We
 may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce patents that may issue to us, that we may acquire, or may license in the future,
 or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 

As
 a public company, we must implement additional and expensive finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls as we grow our
 business and organization to satisfy new reporting requirements, which will increase our costs and require additional management
 resources. 

Although
we believe that our expectations (including those on which our forward-looking statements are based) are reasonable, we cannot assure
you that those expectations will prove to be correct. Should any one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in our forward-looking statements as
anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended. 

Except
for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or any other reason. All subsequent
forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained or referred to herein. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein might not occur. 

ii 

PART I 

Item
1. Business. 

GENERAL
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS 

Bioxytran,
Inc. we , us , or the Company is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development,
manufacture and commercialization of therapeutic drugs designed to address hypoxia in humans, which is a lack of oxygen to tissues. Hypoxia,
needs to be addressed quickly, otherwise it results in necrosis, which is the death of cells comprising body tissue. Necrosis cannot
be reversed. Our lead drug candidate, code named BXT-25, is an oxygen-carrying small molecule consisting of bovine hemoglobin stabilized
with a co-polymer with an intended application that includes the treatment of hypoxic conditions in the brain resulting from stroke.
We believe that our approach is novel when applied to hypoxic conditions in humans. Our drug development efforts are guided by specialists
who work on co-polymer chemistry and other disciplines. We intend to supplement our efforts with input from a scientific and medical
advisory board whose members are leading physicians. 

The
Company was organized on June 9, 2008, as a Nevada corporation. 

Our
subsidiary, Pharmalectin Inc. Pharmalectin or the Subsidiary ), of which we currently have 85 ownership,
is focused on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of therapeutic drugs designed to address viral diseases in humans.
Pharmalectin has developed a novel method designed to reduce the viral load and modulate the immune system using a galectin inhibitor.
Our lead drug candidate, named ProLectin-Rx, is a complex polysaccharide that binds to, and blocks the activity of galectin-1, a type
of galectin. Galectins are a member of a family of proteins in the body called lectins. These proteins interact with carbohydrate sugars
located in, on the surface of, and in between cells. This interaction causes the cells to change behavior, including cell movement, multiplication,
and other cellular functions. The interactions between lectins and their target carbohydrate sugars occur via a carbohydrate recognition
domain, or CRD, within the lectin. Galectins are a subfamily of lectins that have a CRD that bind specifically to -galactoside
proteins. Galectins have a broad range of functions, including regulation of cell survival and adhesion, promotion of cell-to-cell interactions,
growth of blood vessels, regulation of the immune response and inflammation. During viral infections galectins are upregulated and downregulated
based on the type of virus. 

In
the past, similar types of carbohydrate substances has been used as a fibrosis drug and a cancer drug. It is currently being reformulated
to treat viral infections. We believe that we have a novel approach in treating viral infections in humans. Our drug development efforts
are guided by specialists on carbohydrate chemistry and other disciplines, and we intend to supplement our efforts with input from a
scientific and medical advisory board whose members are leading physicians. 

We
plan to file a pre-investigational new drug application for ProLectin-Rx for the treatment of mild to moderate Covid-19 patients. However,
we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully initiate or complete those planned trials and be able to initiate any other
clinical trials for ProLectin-Rx or any of our future drug candidates. 

Pharmalectin
was organized on October 5, 2017, as a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business
in Needham, MA . 

Our
subsidiary, Pharmalectin (BVI), Inc. Pharmalectin (BVI) is the owner and custodian of the Company s Copyrights,
Trade Marks and Patents. Pharmalectin (BVI) was organized on March 17, 2021 as a British Virgin
Islands (BVI) Business Corporation with its principal place of business in Road Town, BVI. 

Our
subsidiary, Pharmalectin India Pvt Ltd. Pharmalectin India is managing the Company s local clinical research and
trials, and holds the local commercialization rights. Pharmalectin India was organized on August
30, 2022 as an Indian Business Corporation with its principal place of business in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. 

Company
Overview 

We
are a clinical stage pharmaceutical company founded on June 9, 2008 as America s Driving Ranges, Inc.. On September 21, 2018, the
Company was reorganized into Bioxytran through a reverse merger to focus on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of therapeutic
drugs designed to address hypoxia in humans, which is a lack of oxygen in tissues. Our initial focus is the treatment of hypoxic conditions
in the brain resulting from stroke and through our subsidiary, Pharmalectin in the treatment of viral diseases, notably Covid-19. 

Currently,
the Company s lead pharmaceutical drug candidate is code named BXT-25 and is planned to be an oxygen-carrying small molecule consisting
of bovine hemoglobin stabilized with a co-polymer. This modified hemoglobin will be designed to be an injectable intravenous drug and
we plan to begin pre-clinical studies and apply to the Food and Drug Administration for approval to use BXT-25 to prevent necrosis, or
cell death, by carrying oxygen to human tissue with blood flow to the brain. If we successfully complete Phase I testing with the FDA
we plan to explore the use of additional drug candidates using chemical structures that are a sub-class of BXT-25 that share the same
physical properties to treat wound healing due to hypoxia, cardiovascular ischemia, anemia, cancer conditions and trauma, subject to
FDA approval. However, we will need to raise additional funds in excess of the 10,000,000 in order to expand the use of BXT-25. 

1 

BXT-25
is a novel unproven technology. Although we have not conducted research applying our co-polymer technology and related chemistry to the
treatment of hypoxic conditions, we know from Dr. Platt s prior research that our technology enables the creation of molecules
that are 5,000 times smaller than human red blood cells and we believe that our proprietary technology will enable these molecules to
carry oxygen for delivery to tissue through the bloodstream. We also believe that the small size of these molecules will more effectively
enable their delivery to hypoxic tissues which red blood cells cannot reach under the clinical conditions we intend to address. We may
be unsuccessful in developing these technologies into drugs which the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) ultimately will
approve. 

Stroke 

Stroke,
also known as cerebrovascular accident (CVA), or brain attack, occurs when poor blood-flow to the brain results in necrosis and cell
death. Strokes can be classified into two major categories: ischemic and hemorrhagic. Ischemic strokes are caused by interruption of
the blood supply to the brain; hemorrhagic strokes result from the rupture of a blood vessel or an abnormal vascular structure. According
to the Center for Disease Control, approximately 87 of all strokes are ischemic strokes. An ischemic stroke may be thrombotic, which
occurs when diseased or damaged cerebral arteries become blocked by the formation of a blood clot within the brain, or embolic, which
occurs when a clot formed originally somewhere in the body outside the brain - typically in the heart - travels in a cerebral artery.
Whether thrombotic or embolic, an ischemic stroke restricts the flow of blood to the brain and results in near-immediate physical and
neurological deficits. 

According
to the Center for Disease Control, there are about 795,000 new or recurrent cases of stroke in the United States each year, of which
610,000 are new cases and 185,000 recurrent cases. One hundred thirty thousand (130,000) Americans are killed by stroke each year, or
one every four minutes. Stroke is a leading cause of serious long-term disability and costs the United States an estimated 34 Billion
each year, according to the Center for Disease Control, a figure which includes the cost of health care services, medications to treat
the stroke, and missed days of work. 

Hemoglobin
and Complex Co-Polymer Science 

Oxygen
therapeutics describe generally a class of agents that will be administered intravenously to enhance the oxygen delivery capability of
blood. These oxygen transporting agents may be perfluorocarbon (PFC) emulsions or modified hemoglobin solutions. Our technology involves
the development of hemoglobin-based oxygen carriers. To produce BXT-25, we will take red blood cells (RBCs) from bovine sources, isolate
hemoglobin from the RBCs and, by applying our proprietary co-polymer chemistry, stabilize and modify the hemoglobin. Our novel, complex
co-polymer molecules can be produced at specific molecular weights and with other pharmaceutical properties for various hypoxic diseases;
and in the production of BXT-25. 

The
BXT-25 co-polymer hemoglobin molecule will be designed to be 5,000 times smaller than an RBC, which we believe will enable that small
molecule to reach hypoxic tissue more effectively than RBCs. BXT-25 will be designed to be administered as an injectable IV drug that
will circulate in the blood collecting oxygen from the lungs and releasing the oxygen molecules where tissue has developed ischemia,
or lack of oxygen. BXT-25 will be designed to have oxygen affinity that mimics RBCs, minimize adverse effects, and be compatible with
all blood types. BXT will be designed to have a shelf life of two years at room temperature. 

With
regard to compatibility with all blood types, we believe that the differences between a BXT-25 molecule and a red blood cell will not
be limited to differences in size. Surfaces of red blood cells include different antigens which determine the blood type as A, B, AB
or O. We believe that BXT-25 will be found to be compatible with all blood types because it is a single, modified hemoglobin molecule
stabilized with a co-polymer which, unlike a red blood cell, has neither antigens nor a Rh factor. 

Certain
regulatory issues relating to our use of bovine hemoglobin as a raw material 

Our
products include a commercially available raw material, bovine hemoglobin, that has been purified, chemically modified and cross-linked
for stability. It is sourced from controlled herds of U.S. cattle raised for beef production. Those herds are subject to and meet the
requirements of a herd management program that assures the origin, health, feed and quality of the cattle used as a raw material source.
Our suppliers will contract to maintain traceable records on animal origin, health, feed and care as part of our effort to assure the
use of known, healthy animals in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

2 

Bovine
whole blood will be collected in individual pre-sanitized containers. The containers will be shipped to a separation facility. Prior
to the collection of blood, the animals undergo live inspection. Then, following blood collection, the animal carcass undergoes U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) inspection for use as beef for human consumption. If an animal carcass is retained for further inspection
for final disposition by the USDA veterinarian, we reject the corresponding container of whole blood. We have validated and tested the
processes described below for removal of potential pathogens in our raw material. Potential pathogens include bacteria, viruses such
as those leading to hepatitis and AIDS, and the transmissible spongiform encephalopathies that cause rare neurological disorders such
as mad cow disease and its human equivalent. The validation of a process means that it has been tested and documented and
that it performs adequately. Health and regulatory authorities have given guidance directed at three factors to control these diseases:
source of animals, the nature of tissue used and manufacturing process. We will comply with, and believe we will exceed, all current
guidelines regarding such risks for human pharmaceutical products. 

There
will be four major steps in the manufacture of BXT-25: (1) hemoglobin separation; (2) hemoglobin purification; (3) polymerization/size
selection and (4) synthesizing with our co-polymer. More specifically, bovine blood will be collected in an aseptic fashion and processed
to first remove plasma and then to remove at high concentration the hemoglobin protein from red blood cells. The hemoglobin will be purified
of other red cell proteins by anion exchange chromatography. The purified hemoglobin will be stabilized by the addition of a cross-linking
agent to form hemoglobin polymers. There is an additional sizing step to remove the higher hemoglobin molecules. The final step, co-polymer
synthesis, will take place on the stabilized hemoglobin. The combination polymers will be filled with a solution suitable for infusion.
The product will be run through sterilizing filters into sterile product bags. 

Pharmalectin 

The
Subsidiary was organized on October 5, 2017 as a Delaware corporation under the name of Bioxytran Bioxytran (DE) . On April
29, 2021, the name was changed to Pharmalectin. Through the Subsidiary, we are not a party to any long-term agreement with any of our
suppliers and, accordingly, we have our products manufactured on a purchase-order basis from one of two primary well-known and established
pharmaceutical suppliers that meet FDA requirements. Due to an overwhelming amount of research on galectins we do not plan on conducting
any further research into new molecules. Instead, we intend to apply our knowledge of galectin science and drug development to create
new therapies for the treatment of viruses. 

Covid-19 

We
are currently working on an end-to-end solution for Covid-19 mild to severe cases and treatment for organ damage caused by the virus
or by commonly used treatment methods. 

ProLectin-M,
 a chewable polysaccharide tablet for mild to moderate cases of Covid-19. 

ProLectin-I,
 a polysaccharide IV treatment for more severe cases of Covid-19. 

ProLectin-F,
 a polysaccharide IV treatment of lung-fibrosis as a result of the use of ventilators used for treatment of Covid-19. 

ProLectin-A,
 a polysaccharide and Hemoglobin IV treatment of ARDS as a result of Covid-19. 

Using
our issued patents and proprietary technology coupled with the scientific knowledge and expertise of Dr. David Platt, we intend to develop
and manufacture ProLectin-M (oral) for treatment of mild cases and ProLectin-I (intravenous) for treatment of more severe cases of Covid-19.
These treatments may also be used for the treatment of other types of viral infections, such as influenza. 

A
significant problem related to the Covid-19 pandemic is that an increasing number of patients are developing life-threatening complications,
such as ARDS, shock (i.e., a potentially fatal drop in blood pressure), kidney failure, acute cardiac injury and secondary bacterial
infections. The underlying cause for these complications is often a cytokine storm that results in a massive, systemic inflammatory response,
leading to the damage of vital organs such as the lungs, heart, and kidneys, and ultimately multiple organ failure and death in many
cases. For this purpose, we are developing ProLectin-A that aim to deliver oxygen to damaged organs and at the same time fight infection. 

The
fourth drug in this series, ProLectin-F, is being developed to treat patients developing lung fibrosis as a result of the use of ventilator
in Covid-19 treatment. An increasing evidence from experimental and clinical studies suggests that mechanical ventilation, which is necessary
for life support in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome, can cause lung fibrosis, which may significantly contribute to
morbidity and mortality. According to a review of medical records of 22,350 admissions showed that the cost of treating patients who
were put on a ventilator was four times higher than for those treated without a ventilator and also that the death rate of pulmonary
fibrosis patients who were put on a hospital ventilator was seven times higher than those treated without a ventilator, according to
a review of thousands of medical records. 

Strategic
Objectives 

It
is our intention to develop the drug to the point whereby the Company would be in a position to license the drug to large pharmaceuticals
capable of conducting clinical trials and managing the distribution of the product. The Company does not plan to create a sales and marketing
staff to commercialize the pharmaceutical products it produces. The Company would be dependent on third parties such as licensees, collaborators,
joint venture partners or independent distributors to market and sell those products. 

3 

The
FDC Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage,
record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these laws and regulations, product development and
product approval processes are very expensive and time-consuming. Our goal is to advance our leading drug candidate, BXT-25, and our
Subsidiary s leading drug candidate, ProLectin-Rx, through regulatory submissions for Investigational New Drug (IND) status in
the United States, is subject to expensive and time-consuming approval processes. 

Management 

Our
management team and advisors include most notably our CEO and Chairman David Platt, Ph.D., who has played a leading role in the development
of complex co-polymer therapeutics for a variety of applications to address a variety of unmet medical needs. Our CFO Ola Soderquist,
CPA, CMA is a seasoned financial Officer with than 30 years of senior international entrepreneurial management experience within many
industries, both in public and private companies. Our Chief Communications Officer CCO Mike Sheikh is a US Air Force
Academy graduate and a long-time Biotech Consultant with expertise in public and private biotech companies with disruptive technologies. 

Dr.
Platt, Mr. Sheikh and Mr. Soderquist are our only employees and each of them is committed on a full-time basis. David Platt and Ola Soderquist
currently have a monthly salary of 35,000 and Mike Sheik a monthly salary of 17,500, along with a 25 401(k) Safe Harbor coverage up
to the federal limit, currently 61,000 66,000 in 2023) per year plus potential catchup, currently 6,500 7,500 in 2023), as well
as reimbursement of a gold-level healthcare plan. 

Our
Executive Officers and Directors may also receive stock or stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the according
to approved the 2021 Stock Plan, or any subsequent Stock Plan. 

Business
Development 

BXT-25 

Bioxytran
intends to develop and, through third party contracts, manufacture oxygen therapeutics. Our oxygen therapeutics are a new class of pharmaceuticals
that are administered intravenously to transport oxygen to the body s tissues. Currently there are four drug candidates to treat
a stroke. Abciximab from Eli Lilly is a platelet aggregation inhibitor. Clinical trials show little advantage over placebos and could
lead to dangerous side effects, including more bleeding in patients. Cerovive from AstraZeneca is a Nitrone-based neuro protectant currently
in phase III clinical trials which shows no significant benefit over placebos with respect to changes in neurological impairment as measured
by the national institute of health stroke scale. Candesartan, from AstraZeneca, is an angiotensin receptor blocker which was used to
control blood pressure. Its efficacy in stroke patients still must be proven. Ancod from Knoll Pharmaceuticals is an anti-coagulant that
acts by breaking down the fibrinogen. It increases the risk of hemorrhage similar to those associated with tPA. 

Using
our proprietary technology, we will develop and manufacture BXT-25 and similar drugs for applications including treatment of stroke conditions.
Bioxytran, Inc. has an exclusive license for an FDA approved technology monitoring NADH (OxySense), the control marker in the body s
conversion of Oxygen to Energy, or the energy generating chain. The technology provides a clinical end-point for measuring oxygen supply
to the brain in real-time. OxySense, developed by MDX LifeSciences, Inc., provide us with a rapid, cost-effective and validated development
of safe new molecules that address unmet medical needs in disease indications resulting from hypoxia. MDX LifeSciences has licensed a
patent Tissue Metabolic Score for Patient Monitoring - US20210153816A1 to Bioxytran for clinical monitoring of oxygen delivery
through oxygen carriers. MDX Lifesciences is an Affiliate of the Company. 

ProLectin-Rx 

The
Subsidiary is focusing on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of therapeutic drugs designed to address viral diseases
in humans. The company has developed a novel method designed to reduce the viral load and modulate the immune system using a galectin
inhibitor. 

Currently,
the Subsidiary s lead drug candidate, named ProLectin-Rx, is a complex galectin antagonist that binds to, and blocks the activity
of galectin-1, a type of galectin. Galectins are a member of a family of proteins in the body called lectins. These proteins interact
with carbohydrate sugars located in, on the surface of, and in between cells. This interaction causes the cells to change behavior, including
cell movement, multiplication, and other cellular functions. The interactions between lectins and their target carbohydrate sugars occur
via a carbohydrate recognition domain, or CRD, within the lectin. Galectins are a subfamily of lectins that have a CRD that bind specifically
to -galactoside proteins. Galectins have a broad range of functions, including regulation of cell survival and adhesion, promotion
of cell-to-cell interactions, growth of blood vessels, regulation of the immune response and inflammation. During viral infections galectins
are upregulated and downregulated based on the type of virus. 

4 

To
our knowledge, Pharmalectin, Inc. is the only company planning to develop a viable end-to-end solution for Covid-19. We are also the
only company using a Galectin Inhibitor to combat the virus, SARS-CoV-2. The technology is built on the life-time work by the founder
of the company, David Platt, PhD, who discovered, and named, the Human Galectin-3 protein coded by a single gene, LGALS3, located on
chromosome 14, and published in his groundbreaking article Structure-Function Relationship of a Recombinant Human Galactoside-Binding
Protein, Biochemistry 1993. Galectin inhibitors block the binding of galectins to carbohydrate structures, present in numerous diseases,
reducing their capability to replicate. Dr. Platt has over the years used this knowledge to create a significant number of sustainable
therapeutic solutions. 

Using
our issued patents and proprietary technology, we intend to develop and manufacture ProLectin-RX and similar drugs for applications including
treatment of virological conditions. Our patent position consists of 2 parts: a patent a method
for treating SARS-CoV-2 by administering an effective amount of complex polysaccharides to a subject issued in 2022 by the International
Bureau of the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) expiring in February 2041 Polysaccharides for
IV Administration that Treat Sars-Cov-2 Infections - WO2022/099061 and assigned to us outright by David Platt, as well as
a provisional patent Lectin-Binding Carbohydrates for Treating Viral Infections - US 63/320544 ).; Dr. Platt did not receive any
compensation from the Company in consideration of his assignment of the patent. 

Pharmalectin,
Inc. has an exclusive license issued by NDPD Pharma Polysaccharides for Use in Treating Sars-Cov-2 Infections - WO2022/099052 to Pharmalectin for use of treatment of SARS-CoV-2. NDPD Pharma is an Affiliate of the Company. 

Further,
Pharmalectin has received an international trademark for ProLectin WO0000001646681 ). 

The
Company is capitalizing on 30 years of research in Galectins and recent peer reviewed articles on Galectins and Covid-19. The founder
of the Company also has an impressive body of patents in this field which gives him an advantage with respect to filing new patents based
on his prior art. We will rely on a combination of patent applications, patent, trade secrets, proprietary know-how and trademarks to
protect our proprietary rights. We believe that to have a competitive advantage, we must develop and maintain the proprietary aspects
of our technologies. Because the drug can be taken by mouth, treatment can be started early for a potentially three-fold benefit: 

inhibit
 patients progress to severe disease 

shorten
 the infectious phase to ease the emotional and socioeconomic toll of prolonged patient isolation, and 

rapidly
 silence local outbreaks 

A
Proof-of-Concept trial approved by the IRB at Mazumdar Shaw Medical Center, Narayana Health in Bangalore, India was finalized in October
2020. The results of the trial are described in our three peer-reviewed articles Galectin antagonist use in mild cases of SARS-CoV-2;
pilot feasibility randomised, open label, controlled trial , published in Journal of Vaccines Vaccination on December 30, 2020,
 Carbohydrate ProLectin-M, a Galectin-3 Antagonist, Blocks SARS-CoV-2 Activity published in the International Journal of Health
Sciences on July 14, 2022 and PLG-007 and Its Active Component Galactomannan- Competitively Inhibit Enzymes That Hydrolyze
Glucose Polymers published in the International Journal of Molecular Science on July 13, 2022. 

Our
latest peer-reviewed article was published by MDPI (Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute)
 on March 25, 2023: An Oral Galectin Inhibitor in Covid-19 A Phase II Randomized Controlled Trial , show positive
topline safety and efficacy results of its randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 clinical trial in 34 patients with mild-to-moderate
COVID-19. During the 7 days of treatment, an orally administered Galectin Antagonist in the form of a chewable tablet was administered
8 times per day on an hourly basis. The endpoint was a statistically significant reduction in viral load measured by the number of patients
reaching a below threshold PCR value (Ct value 29) by day 7. The trial met its endpoint with a 100 response rate by day 7 versus
6 in placebo, which was statistically significant (p-value = .001). Our analysis also revealed an 88 response rate by day 3, which
was statistically significant (p-value = .001). There were no drug-related serious adverse events (SAE s) in the patient population
or viral rebounds by day 14 in the patient population. 

On
December 2, 2022, India s Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) issued an IND with permission to conduct: A
Phase 1b/2a Randomized, Blinded, placebo-controlled Study in Participants with Mild to Moderate COVID-19 to Evaluate the Safety, Efficacy,
and Pharmacokinetics of Orally Administered ProLectin-M . The study will continue by the filing of an Emergency IND with the FDA
in the first quarter of 2023, provided we obtain adequate funding. The Company is currently in the process of filing an IND with the
FDA. 

On
January 27, 2023, an additional IND with the CDSCO was issued for an IV treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in moderate (Hospitalized patients) Covid-19
infections (ProLectin-I), Long Covid, and of treatment of lung-fibrosis as a result of use of ventilator in treatment of Covid-19 (ProLectin-F),
respectively. 

5 

FDA
Approval Process 

In
the United States, pharmaceutical products, including biologics like BXT-25, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The FDC
Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling,
and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety
of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications, or NDAs, warning letters, product
recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal
prosecution. 

Pharmaceutical
product development in the United States typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA/EMA of
an IND application, which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials
to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug or biologic for each indication for which FDA/EMA approval is sought. Satisfaction
of FDA/EMA pre-market approval requirements typically take many years (typically between 5-7 years post an IND submission) and the actual
time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 

Preclinical
tests include laboratory evaluation as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential pharmacology and toxicity of
the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including good laboratory practices.
The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about
product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term preclinical tests, such as animal tests
of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 

A
30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA
has not objected to the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified
investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with federal regulations and good clinical practices, or GCP, as well as
under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria
to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as
part of the IND. 

The
FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that
the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial
patients. The clinical trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional
review board, or IRB, for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently,
for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 

Clinical
trials to support New Drug Applications (NDAs) are typically conducted in three sequential Phases, but the Phases may overlap. In Phase
1, the initial introduction of the investigational drug candidate into healthy human subjects or patients, the investigational drug is
tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible,
early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population, to determine the effectiveness of the
investigational drug for a particular indication or indications, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and identify common adverse effects
and safety risks. In the case of product candidates for severe or life-threatening diseases such as pneumonia, the initial human testing
is often conducted in patients rather than in healthy volunteers. 

If
an investigational drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical
trials are undertaken to obtain additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at
geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational
drug and to provide adequate information for its labeling. 

After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA, is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the marketing application
is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The marketing application must include the results of all
preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture,
and controls. 

The
FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s
threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of marketing applications. Most such applications
for non-priority drug products are reviewed within ten months. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months
to consider new information submitted during the review or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission. The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an
advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether
the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such
recommendations. Before approving a marketing application, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance
with GCP. 

6 

Additionally,
the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the NDA unless
compliance with cGMP is satisfactory and the marketing application contains data that provide substantial evidence that the product is
safe and effective in the indication studied. Manufacturers of biologics also must comply with FDA s general biological product
standards. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response
letter outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA
to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed in a resubmission of the marketing application, the
FDA will re-initiate review. If the FDA is satisfied that the deficiencies have been addressed, the agency will issue an approval letter.
The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. It is not unusual
for the FDA to issue a complete response letter because it believes that the drug product is not safe enough or effective enough or because
it does not believe that the data submitted are reliable or conclusive. 

An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As
a condition of approval of the marketing application, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor
the drug product s safety or efficacy and may impose other conditions, including labeling restrictions, which can materially affect
the product s potential market and profitability. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory
standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Once
an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval
marketing and promotion of therapeutic products, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion,
industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. 

BXT-25 

Currently,
Bioxytran s lead pharmaceutical drug candidate, code-name BXT-25, is an oxygen-carrying small molecule consisting of bovine hemoglobin
stabilized with a co-polymer. This modified hemoglobin will be designed to be an injectable intravenous drug and we plan to begin pre-clinical
studies and apply to the Food and Drug Administration for approval to use BXT-25 to prevent necrosis, or cell death, by carrying oxygen
to human tissue when blood flow to the brain. 

The
only FDA approved treatment for ischemic strokes is tissue plasminogen activator tPA, also known as IV rtPA, given through an IV in the
arm. tPA works by dissolving the clot and improving blood flow to the part of the brain being deprived of blood flow. If administered
within 3 hours and up to 4.5 hours in certain eligible patients, tPA may improve the chances of recovering from a stroke. Another treatment
option is an endovascular procedure called mechanical thrombectomy in which a blood clot is removed by threading a wired-caged device
called a stent retriever through an artery in the groin up to the blocked artery in the brain. The stent opens and grabs the clot, enabling
the removal of the stent with the trapped clot. 

Hypoxia
is a condition in which cells lack sufficient oxygen supply to support metabolic function. The BXT-25 co-polymer hemoglobin molecule
will be designed to contain an oxygen rechargeable iron which picks up oxygen in the lungs, is expected to be 5,000 times smaller than
an RBC, and we believe can reach hypoxic tissue more effectively than RBCs. Products similar to BXT-25 are stable at room temperature
and have no blood type matching requirement. We plan to introduce BXT-25 in clinical trials for hypoxic medical conditions as stroke. 

For
the production of BXT-25, we intend to utilize third party manufacturing facilities that we believe are fully compliant with Good Manufacturing
Practices (GMP) only, as required by the regulatory authorities in Europe or the United States, in order to produce a sufficient quantity
of BXT-25 for animal toxicity and pre-clinical trials for animals. We have not conducted any clinical trials on animals or humans to
confirm the efficacy of, or filed any applications with the FDA with respect to, BXT-25. The Company has developed a proof-of-concept
production line and successfully manufactured the initial batch for use in pre-clinical trials in the first quarter of 2023, provided
we obtain adequate funding. 

This
product is being developed and as an early intervention in an out-of-hospital setting for the treatment of patients with ischemia of
the brain resulting from a stroke or the blockage of the blood vessels to the brain. We plan to initially conduct pre-clinical trials
and to seek approval of BXT-25 for the treatment of adults at early stages of stroke. 

7 

ProLectin-Rx 

There
is an unmet medical need in Covid-19 to find a therapeutic that reduces the mortality of the disease. There are no FDA approved treatments
for Covid-19 only repurposed therapeutics. If given early enough in the disease we believe that ProLectin-Rx will block viral entry and
act as an antiviral by eliminating the virus from the blood stream after a couple of treatments. At a later stage in the disease pathology,
ProLectin-Rx could restore adaptive immune function to help eradicate the virus from the body. In severe Covid-19 patients the drug could
reduce the trafficking of macrophages responsible for the cytokine storm and restore immune homeostasis. 

The
cytokine storm is a severe immune reaction in which the body overproduces too many pro-inflammatory cytokines into the blood leading
to a surge of more immune cells to the site of infection. This translates into an inflammatory cycle that is not easily brought back
to homeostasis. Cytokines play an important role in normal immune responses, but having a large amount of them released in the body all
at once can be harmful. A cytokine storm can occur as a result of an infection, autoimmune condition, or other disease. It may also occur
after treatment with some types of immunotherapy. Signs and symptoms include high fever, inflammation (redness and swelling), and severe
fatigue and nausea. Sometimes, a cytokine storm may be severe or life threatening and lead to acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS),
and multiple organ failure. 

For
the production of ProLectin-Rx, we intend to utilize third party manufacturing facilities that are fully compliant with Good Manufacturing
Practices (GMP) only, as required by the regulatory authorities in Europe or the United States, in order to produce a sufficient quantity
of ProLectin-Rx for our upcoming human trials with the CDSCO in India. Prior to this we have conducted clinical trials on animals and
humans to confirm the non-toxicity and efficacy. We also expect to file an IND application with the FDA in the first quarter of 2023,
provided we obtain adequate funding. 

The
oral product is being developed as a treatment for mild to moderate Covid-19 patients, while the intravenous drugs are developed for
in moderate (Hospitalized patients) Covid-19 infections (ProLectin-I), Long Covid, and of treatment of lung-fibrosis (ProLectin-F). 

European
Directorate for the Quality of Medicines Certification (EDQM) 

Certification
from the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines (EDQM) is required for all new and approved human and veterinary medicinal
products that are manufactured from materials taken from cattle and marketed in the European Union. As part of the certification process,
we will be required to provide technical information on the manufacturing process, the origin of the raw material and type of tissue
used, the cattle traceability, beginning at their country of birth, and auditing, and a risk analysis from an independent expert. 

We
intend to establish and implement clinical development programs that add value to our business in the shortest period of time possible
and to seek strategic partners when a program becomes advanced and requires additional resources. We intend to continue focusing our
expertise and resources to develop novel formulations, and to leverage development partnerships to apply our complex co-polymer chemistry
designs in other medical indications. We may seek to enter into licensing, co-marketing, or co-development agreements across different
geographic regions, in order to avail ourselves of the marketing expertise of one or more seasoned marketing and/or pharmaceutical companies.
We plan to further develop new and proprietary drug candidates by using novel development pathways specific to each drug candidate. 

A
core part of our strategy relies upon creating safe and efficacious drug formulations that can be administered as standalone therapies
or in combination with existing medications. We believe we utilize a novel approach that is expected to create drug formulations that
can be combined with existing therapies and potentially deliver valuable products in areas of high unmet medical needs. We will assemble
a scientific advisory board consisting of scientists with both academic and corporate research and development experience that will provide
leadership and counsel in the scientific, technological and regulatory aspects of our current and future projects. In addition, we will
assemble a medical advisory board consisting of leading physicians and key opinion leaders who have participated in relevant clinical
studies and who will guide us through ongoing clinical trial programs. Our scientific and medical advisory boards consist of some of
leading scientists, medical doctors and professionals in the co-polymer and ischemic brain injury field. 

We
believe that our drug development leadership team provides us with a significant competitive advantage in designing highly efficient
clinical programs to deliver valuable products in areas of high unmet medical needs. 

Project
Costs ProLectin-Rx 

Pharmalectin
is a single purpose entity aiming to develop pharmaceutical cures for Covid-19 (collectively referred to as ProLectin-Rx and bring the drugs through FDA acceptance and thereafter license out the product(s). The total cost of the project is estimated to cost
 40 million of which 3.6 million has been invested so far. 

8 

As
of December 31, 2022 Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), pre-clinical and two clinical Phase I/II study have been completed for the initial
drug, ProLectin-M, which is an oral formulation against mild to moderate symptoms of the disease and GMP has been completed for ProLectin-I,
and -F. 

On
December 2, 2022, India s Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) issued an IND with permission to conduct: A
Phase 1b/2a Randomized, Blinded, placebo-controlled Study in Participants with Mild to Moderate COVID-19 to Evaluate the Safety, Efficacy,
and Pharmacokinetics of Orally Administered ProLectin-M . The study will continue by the filing of an Emergency IND with the FDA
in the first quarter of 2023, provided we obtain adequate funding. The Company is currently in the process of filing an IND with the
FDA. 

On
January 27, 2023, an additional IND with the CDSCO was issued for an IV treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in moderate (Hospitalized patients) Covid-19
infections (ProLectin-I), Long Covid, and of treatment of lung-fibrosis as a result of use of ventilator in treatment of Covid-19 (ProLectin-F),
respectively. 

In
addition to the approximately 3.6 million currently invested in the project, we believe we will be required to spend an additional 0.2
million for submission of Investigational New Drug application (IND), approximately 2.5 million in Phase I/II (dosage and pharmacokinetics)
and Phase III clinical trials and approximately 1 million for General and Administrative and general working capital purposes. Further,
we will be required to spend an additional 2.6 million in order to submit an IND with the FDA for ProLectin-M, -I and, as well as a
proof of concept for ProLectin-F. 

An
additional spending in the range of 8 to 10 million will be required in order to complete the Phase IIb/III testing with the FDA and
EMA of the ProLectin-I and -F. 

ProLectin-A 

In
order to develop ProLectin-A, the Company will need an additional 10 million, approximately 3.15 million of proceeds will be used for
preparation for scale up and manufacturing (Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)), approximately 1.5 million
will be used for toxicity testing in animals for Investigational New Drug application (IND), approximately 3.5 million for Phase I (safety)
and Phase II (proof of concept) clinical trials. We expect that obtaining a CE from the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines
will require an additional 0.5 million in funds. G A is expected to be 1.35 million. 

BXT-25 

In
order to start the development BXT-25, the Company will need an additional 10 million, approximately 3.15 million of proceeds will
be used for preparation for scale up and manufacturing (Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)), approximately
 1.5 million will be used for toxicity testing in animals for Investigational New Drug application (IND), approximately 3.5 million
for Phase I (safety) and Phase II (proof of concept) clinical trials. We expect that obtaining a CE from the European Directorate for
the Quality of Medicines will require an additional 0.5 million in funds. G A is expected to be 1.35 million. 

In
aggregate, we believe we will require an additional 30-35 million in order to complete the II/a trials with the FDA for ProLectin-A
and BXT-25 and the Phase II/b/III trials for ProLectin-I and -F. There are no guarantees the Company will be able to obtain additional
capital funder, whether through debt and/or equity financing, or will be able to raise funds on terms acceptable to the Company. 

Market
Opportunity 

Stroke 

Our
injectable drug candidate, BXT-25, will potentially compete with existing therapies for the treatment for stroke, hypoxia and anti-necrosis
that according to Global Industry Analysts, Inc. has a global market opportunity of 50 billion. Hypoxia is a condition in which cells
lack sufficient oxygen supply to support metabolic function. The standard therapy for acute anemia resulting from blood loss is infusion
of red blood cells mainly from supplies of donated blood. For prophylactic or long-term treatment of anticipated or chronic anemia, medications
that stimulate the creation of new red blood cells are frequently used. 

 Presently,
the standard therapy for reversing hypoxia is blood infusion, RBCs or hyperbaric oxygen. Hyperbaric medicine or hyperbaric oxygen therapy
(HBOT) is a medical term for using oxygen at a level higher than atmospheric pressure. The HBOT treatment can only be done at a medical
facility and each session can cost from 1,000 to more than 3,000. For decades, oxygen carriers have been developed for perfusion and
oxygenation of ischemic tissue; none have yet succeeded in becoming a proven oxygen therapeutics for stroke and wound healing. These
products were either blood-derived elements, synthetic perfluorocarbons, or red blood cell modifiers. According to the Fact Sheet No.
279 published June 7, 2014 by the World Health Organization, there is a global shortage of transfusion suitable blood of 110 million
units, and the need for blood is rising 6- 7 annually. We will design BXT-25 and any new drug candidates to enhance HBOT treatment and
reduce the demand on blood transfusions, subject to testing as required by the FDA. 

9 

Covid-19 

There
is an unmet medical need in Covid-19 to find a therapeutic that reduces the mortality of the disease. There are no FDA approved treatments
for Covid-19 only repurposed therapeutics. If given early enough in the disease we believe that ProLectin-Rx will block viral entry and
act as an antiviral by eliminating the virus from the blood stream after a couple of treatments. At a later stage in the disease pathology,
ProLectin-Rx could restore adaptive immune function to help eradicate the virus from the body. In severe Covid-19 patients the drug could
reduce the trafficking of macrophages responsible for the cytokine storm and restore immune homeostasis. 

Key
Strengths 

We
believe that our key differentiating elements include: 

Focus
 on novel therapeutic opportunities provided by co-polymer: We are focused on development of co-polymer compounds to stabilize
 the modified hemoglobin molecule. The Co-polymer method of chemical stabilization has not received as much scientific attention as
 nucleic acids and proteins, but the Company believes that it is a viable alternative to these other materials. 

- 
 Notable
 advantages compared with other drugs are: 

- 
 No
 refrigeration or special storage 

- 
 Low
 manufacturing cost 

- 
 Non,
 or low toxicity 

- 
 No
 major adverse effects 

- 
 Can
 enhance other drugs by reducing toxicity and increasing precision 

- 
 High
 scalability, ample availability of material and quick set-up 

- 
 High
 effectiveness 

- 
 Almost
 instant results, from minutes to a few days depending on indication 

- 
 First
 in line treatment 

Experienced
 management 

Our
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, David Platt, Ph.D., is a chemical engineer, a pioneer in designing drugs made from
 co-polymers, and has more than 30 years of experience in the development of therapeutic drugs. We are the fourth biotechnology company
 founded by Dr. Platt. The prior company is Boston Therapeutics Inc. (OTC: BTHE). The first two are International Gene Group, which
 later became Prospect Therapeutics, and is now known as La Jolla Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: LJPC), and Pro-Pharmaceuticals (now Galectin
 Therapeutics) (Nasdaq: GALT). Their core technologies were either developed or co-developed by Dr. Platt. 

Our
 CFO Ola Soderquist has more than 30 years of senior international entrepreneurial management experience within technology companies.
 Ola s managerial experience portfolio includes; Start-ups, Private, Public, Venture Capital and Private Equity ownership. He
 has served in CFO and other managerial capacities in multiple industry sectors and companies. Ola is a multi-lingual senior finance
 professional poised to work globally and cross-functionally, particularly with complex projects involving change management, business
 integration, systems implementation, continuous improvement, and process excellence. He obtained a BS and an MS in Accounting from
 Stockholm School of Economics and an MBA from Babson College. 

Our
 CCO Mike Sheikh, is a US Air Force Academy graduate and pilot. He has a Bachelor s of Science in Economics and flew KC-135
 tankers and worked as a budget Officer in the comptroller s squadron. He worked for Dean Witter and National Securities as
 a broker and eventually research analyst. After the brokerage industry, he was a business development Officer for a variety of specialty
 finance companies that did factoring and purchase order financing. He is a long-time Biotech Consultant expert for public or private
 biotech companies with disruptive technologies. Mr. Sheikh the founder of Falcon Strategic Research, which focuses on small-cap and
 micro-cap companies that are not covered by traditional analysts on Wall Street. He is also the founder of an Investor Relations
 Firm. 

We
 have assembled a scientific and medical advisory board consisting of leading physicians and key opinion leaders who have participated
 in relevant clinical studies and who will guide us through ongoing clinical trial programs. Our scientific and medical advisory boards
 consist of some of the leading scientists, medical doctors and professionals in the ischemia or hypoxia fields. 

10 

Products
 are differentiated and address significant unmet needs: Our lead product candidates, BXT-25, ProLectin-Rx, and any additional
 products will be designed to address significant unmet medical needs. Oxygen therapy management, including stroke, other hypoxia
 management and treatment of diseases and medical conditions associate with hypoxia, remain a critical area of unmet need. Increasingly,
 patients, physicians and the media are highlighting the deficiencies of current oxygen therapy related therapies and the growing
 population of individuals adversely affected by ischemia, unhealed wounds, or traumatic brain injury. 

Efficient
 development strategy: We believe that our regulatory development pathway is a standard generic pathway approval for a drug. 

Corporate
Information 

We
are a clinical stage pharmaceutical company founded on June 9, 2008 as America s Driving Ranges, Inc. On September 21, 2018, the
Company was reorganized into Bioxytran through a reverse merger to focus on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of therapeutic
drugs designed to address hypoxia in humans, which is a lack of oxygen in tissues. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 75 2 nd Ave., Suite 605, Needham, MA 02494. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

The
Company meets the emerging growth company requirements. The Company will report its results in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in accordance
with the emerging growth company requirements and in its reports filed with the SEC. 

11 

Item
1A. Risks Factors. 

The
Company is an emerging growth company and is not required to provide this information. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

The
Company presently does not have unresolved staff comments. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
do not currently own any real property. We lease access to shared office space at 75 2 nd Ave., Suite 605, Needham, MA 02494
on a month-to-month basis for 163 per month. We believe this facility is adequate for our current needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
June 5, 2020 the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau, issued a commencement of Action based on behalf of Power Up
Lending Group, Ltd Power Up or the Claimant ). The Claimant request that due to the default of their note
requesting a judgment for an amount of not less than 420,750. On January 20, 2021 the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County
of Nassau, granted Power Up a summary judgement against the Company for Breach of Contact, awarding Power Up damages in the amount of
 420,750. 

The
underlying convertible note was, per agreement of the parties, cancelled on June 4, 2021, with Power Up agreeing to a stipulation of
discontinuance with prejudice and forfeiture of on-going lawsuit and forfeiture of the mentioned awarded damages. 

At
present, there is no other pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our Directors, Officers or employees as to which indemnification
is sought, nor are we aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in claims for indemnification. 

The
Company may become involved in certain legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

12 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Common Stock is quoted under the symbol BIXT on the OTCQB tier expert market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Only a
limited market exists for our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or if developed, that it
will be sustained. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable to resell his securities in our company. 

The
following tables set forth the range of high and low bid prices for our Common Stock for the each of the periods indicated as reported
by the OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.60 
 0.36 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 1.25 
 0.28 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.50 
 0.15 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.67 
 0.10 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.40 
 0.00 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.01 
 0.00 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.18 
 0.00 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.24 
 0.01 

On March
30, 2023, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock as reported on the OTCQB Information tier was 0.412 per share. 

Our Common Shares are issued in registered
form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares is: 

Action
Stock Transfer, LLC 

 2469
E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214 

 Salt
Lake City, UT 84121 

 Phone:
801-274-1088 

 Fax:
801-274-1099 

Penny
Stock 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or
quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the
customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of
the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our Common Stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty
selling our securities. 

13 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
at the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have approximately 430 holders of record and 1,310 holders in street names, totaling
an estimated 1,740 holders of Common Stock. 

Dividends 

There
have been no cash dividends declared on our Common Stock since our company was formed. Dividends are declared at the sole discretion
of our Board of Directors. Our intention is not to declare cash dividends, but to retain all cash for our operations. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company established a 2021 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021
Plan was approved by the Company s Board of Directors and by the consent of the shareholders owning a majority of the outstanding
shares. The material features of the 2021 Plan are described below. 

Administration 

A
designated Administrator, or in the absence of such, our Board of Directors Compensation Committee or both, in the sole discretion
of our Board, administers the 2021 Plan, which was approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 19, 2022. The Board,
subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, has the authority to determine and designate Officers, employees, Directors and consultants
to whom awards shall be made and the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to each award (including, but not limited to, the
option price, any restriction or limitation, any vesting schedule or acceleration thereof, and any forfeiture restrictions). The Board
may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of awards. The Board of Directors must approve all grants of Options and Stock Awards
issued to our Officers or Directors. 

Types
of Awards 

The
2021 Plan is designed to enable us to offer certain Officers, employees, Directors and consultants of us and our subsidiaries equity
interests in us and other incentive awards in order to attract, retain and reward such individuals and to strengthen the mutuality of
interests between such individuals and our stockholders. In furtherance of this purpose, the 2021 Plan contains provisions for granting
incentive and non-statutory stock options, stock wards and stock appreciation rights. 

Stock
Options . A stock option is a contractual right to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at a price determined
on the date the option is granted. The option price per share of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a stock option and the time
or times at which such options shall be exercisable shall be determined by the Board at the time of grant. Such option price shall not
be less than 110 of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The option price must be paid in cash, money order,
check or Common Stock of the Company. The Options may also contain at the time of grant, at the discretion of the Board, certain other
cashless exercise provisions. 

Options
shall be exercisable at the times and subject to the conditions determined by the Board at the date of grant, but no option may be exercisable
more than ten years after the date it is granted. If the Optionee ceases to be an employee of our company for any reason other than death,
any option granted as an Incentive Stock Option exercisable on the date of the termination of employment may be exercised for a period
of thirty days or until the expiration of the stated term of the option, whichever period is shorter. In the event of the Optionee s
death, any granted Incentive Stock Option exercisable at the date of death may be exercised by the legal heirs of the Optionee from the
date of death until the expiration of the stated term of the option or six months from the date of death, whichever event first occurs.
In the event of disability of the Optionee, any granted Incentive Stock Options shall expire on the stated date that the Option would
otherwise have expired or 12 months from the date of disability, whichever event first occurs. The termination and other provisions of
a non-statutory stock option shall be fixed by the Board of Directors at the date of grant of each respective option. 

Common
Stock Award . Common Stock Award is shares of Common Stock that will be issued to a recipient at the end of a restriction
period, if any, specified by the Board if he or she continues to be an employee, Director or consultant of us. If the recipient remains
an employee, Director or consultant at the end of the restriction period, the applicable restrictions will lapse and we will issue a
stock certificate representing such shares of Common Stock to the participant. If the recipient ceases to be an employee, Director or
consultant of us for any reason (including death, disability or retirement) before the end of the restriction period unless otherwise
determined by the Board, the restricted stock award will be terminated. 

14 

Eligibility 

The
Company s Officers, employees, Directors and consultants of Bioxytran, Inc. are eligible to be granted stock options, and Common
Stock Awards. Eligibility shall be determined by the Board; however, all Options and Stock Awards granted to Officers and Directors must
be approved by the Board. 

Termination
or Amendment of the 2021 Plan 

The
Board may at any time amend, discontinue, or terminate all or any part of the 2021 Plan, provided, however, that unless otherwise required
by law, the rights of a participant may not be impaired without his or her consent, and provided that we will seek the approval of our
stockholders for any amendment if such approval is necessary to comply with any applicable federal or state securities laws or rules
or regulations. 

Awards 

In
2022, there was in total 7,704,909 shares issued and 135,000 stock options awarded and issued from the 2010 and 2021 Stock Plans. In
2021, there was in total 9,875,000 shares issued and 192,000 stock options awarded and issued from the 2010 Stock Plan. See Note 9 in
the financial statements for more details. 

Shares
Subject to the 2021 Plan 

Subject
to adjustment, the aggregate number of shares of Stock which may be delivered under the 2021 Plan shall not exceed a number equal to
15 of the total number of shares of Stock outstanding immediately following the Effective Time, assuming for this purpose the conversion
into Stock of all outstanding securities that are convertible by their terms (directly or indirectly) into Stock ; provided, however,
that, as of January 1 of each calendar year, commencing with the year 2011, the maximum number of shares of Stock which may be delivered
under the 2021 Plan shall automatically increase by a number sufficient to cause the number of shares of Stock covered by the 2021 Plan
to equal 15 of the total number of shares of Stock then outstanding, assuming for this purpose the conversion into Stock of all outstanding
securities that are convertible by their terms (directly or indirectly) into Stock . 

On
December 31, 2022 there are an additional 34,101,909 shares or stock options available to be issued from the 2021 Plan. On December 31,
2021 there were 3,189,296 shares or stock options available to be issued from the 2010 Plan. 

Federal
Tax Consequences 

The
Federal income tax discussion set forth below is intended for general information only. State and local income tax consequences are not
discussed, and may vary from locality to locality. 

Incentive
Stock Options. Incentive stock options granted under the 2021 Plan are designed to qualify for the special tax treatment for incentive
stock options provided for in the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). Under the provisions of the Code, an optionee who at
all times from the date of grant until three months before the date of exercise is an employee of the Company, and who holds the shares
of Common Stock obtained upon exercise of his incentive stock option for two years after the date of grant and one year after exercise,
will recognize no taxable income on either the grant or exercise of such option and will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale of
the shares. If such shares are held by the optionee for the required holding period, the Company will not be entitled to any tax deduction
with respect to the grant or exercise of the option. If such shares are sold by the optionee prior to the expiration of the holding periods
described above, the optionee will recognize ordinary income upon such disposition. Upon the exercise of an incentive stock option, the
optionee will incur an item of tax preference equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise over
the exercise price, which may subject the optionee to the alternative minimum tax. 

Non-Qualified
Options . Under present Treasury regulations, an optionee who is granted a non-qualified option will not realize taxable income at
the time the option is granted. In general, an optionee will be subject to tax for the year of exercise on an amount of ordinary income
equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise over the option price, and the Company will receive
a corresponding deduction. Income tax withholding requirements apply upon exercise. The optionee s basis in the shares so acquired
will be equal to the option price plus the amount of ordinary income upon which he is taxed. Upon subsequent disposition of the shares,
the optionee will realize capital gain or loss, long-term or short-term, depending upon the length of time the shares are held after
the option is exercised. 

Common
Stock Awards. Recipients of shares of restricted Common Stock that are not transferable and are subject to substantial
risk of forfeiture at the time of grant will not be subject to Federal income taxes until lapse or release of the restrictions
on the shares. The recipient s income and the Company s deduction will be equal to the fair market value of the shares on
the date of lapse or release of such restrictions. It has been the Company s policy to value the cost of the issuance of said unregistered
shares at the then bid price of the stock when issued. 

15 

The
issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to issue any
or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
November 28, 2022, 156,250 shares were sold in a private placement for an amount of 50,000, or 0.32/share. 

On
December 29, 2022, 93,750 shares were sold in a private placement for an amount of 30,000, or 0.32/share. The investment appears under
the label Stock subscription in the Stockholders equity and are not included in the outstanding shares at December 31, 2022. 

All
funds received though these equity transactions will be used in the development of the ProLectin-M, and for operating expenses. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our shares of Common Stock or other securities during our fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Item
6 is not applicable to us because we are an emerging growth company. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We
do not currently have sufficient capital resources to fund operations. To stay in business and to continue the development of our products,
we will need to raise additional capital through public or private sales of our securities, debt financing or short-term bank loans,
or a combination of the foregoing. We believe that if we can raise 3,700,000, we will have sufficient working capital to develop our
business over the next approximately 15 months. At funding raised that is significantly less than 3,700,000, we can likely continue
to develop our business over the same 15-month period, but funding at that level will delay the development of our technology and business. 

Bioxytran,
Inc. is headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts. The Company s initial product pipeline is focused on developing and commercializing
therapeutic molecules for stroke. BXT-25 will be designed to be an injectable anti-necrosis drug specifically designed to treat a person
immediately after that person suffers an ischemic stroke. The drug is designed to be injected intravenously to travel to the lungs to
pick up oxygen molecules to carry to the brain. Like a red blood cell, the drug will cross the blood brain barrier, which is a protective
semi-permeable membrane allowing some material to cross but preventing others from crossing. BXT-25 will be designed to diffuse oxygen
into the brain tissues. We expect the BXT-25 molecule to be 5,000 times smaller than a red blood cell. 

On
December 2, 2022, India s Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) issued an IND with permission to conduct: A
Phase 1b/2a Randomized, Blinded, placebo-controlled Study in Participants with Mild to Moderate COVID-19 to Evaluate the Safety, Efficacy,
and Pharmacokinetics of Orally Administered ProLectin-M . The study will continue by the filing of an Emergency IND with the FDA
in the first quarter of 2023, provided we obtain adequate funding. The Company is currently in the process of filing an IND with the
FDA. 

On
January 27, 2023, an additional IND with the CDSCO was issued for an IV treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in moderate (Hospitalized patients) Covid-19
infections (ProLectin-I), Long Covid, and of treatment of lung-fibrosis as a result of use of ventilator in treatment of Covid-19 (ProLectin-F),
respectively. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company
has limited resources and operating history. As described in Note 7 of the financial statements, the Company currently has convertible
loans outstanding at a total face value of 2,165,000. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had
an accumulated deficit of 11,217,600 as at December 31, 2022. The accumulated deficit as at December 31, 2021 was 8,753,668. 

The
future of the Company is dependent upon its ability to obtain financing to develop its new business opportunities and support the cost
of the drug development including clinical trials and regulatory submission to the FDA. 

16 

Management
plans to seek additional capital through private placements and public offerings of its Common Stock. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be successful in accomplishing its objectives. Without such additional capital or the establishment of strategic relationships
with established pharmaceutical companies, the Company may be required to cease operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
in the event the Company cannot continue operations. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

We
are a clinical stage company. Historically, Bioxytran was engaged in formation, fund raising and identifying and consulting with the
scientific community regarding the development, formulation and testing of its products. We are actively engaged in research and development
activities through our Subsidiary, Pharmalectin, Inc., developing the ProLectin-Rx. 

Research
and Development 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Research and development: 

Process development 
 
 339,000 
 
 Product development 
 123,580 
 305,743 
 
 Regulatory 
 231,078 
 177,074 
 
 Clinical trials 
 583,750 
 1,016,765 
 
 Project management 
 39,360 
 175,180 
 
 Total research and development 
 977,768 
 2,013,762 

During
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 977,768 in R D expenses. During the twelve months ended December
 31, 2021, the Company recorded 2,013,762. The significant difference is due to a lack of funding as we re waiting to start
 our clinical trials. 

General
and Administrative 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses: 

Payroll and related expenses 
 343,167 
 1,391,431 
 
 Costs for legal, accounting and other professional services 
 78,925 
 84,056 
 
 Costs for legal, accounting and other professional services related party 
 44,220 
 5,125 
 
 Promotional expenses 
 339,251 
 5,500 
 
 Miscellaneous expenses 
 172,399 
 131,698 
 
 Total general and administrative 
 977,962 
 1,617,809 

The
 significant increase in Payroll and related expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were due to the retro-active
 roll-out of market-based salaries for the Company s management starting January 1, 2022. On August 1, 2022 the Company s
 Officers forfeited of the majority of their accrued salaries and benefits for a total value of 1,273,000. 

The
 Costs for legal, accounting and other professional services for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased due to
 reduced legal fees. 

The
 Costs for legal, accounting and other professional services related party for two License Agreements with two affiliated companies.
 Bioxytran reimbursed the affiliates for incurred administrative costs in making the licenses, and their maintenance. 

Promotional
 expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 339,251, as compared to 5,500 for the twelve months ended December
 31, 2021. The increase costs stock promotion incurred by the Company s return to being listed on OTCQB. 

Miscellaneous
 G A expenses during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 172,962 and 131,698, respectively. The increase is based
 on the Company s costs to return to being listed on OTCQB. 

17 

Stock-based
Compensation 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Compensation expense to BoD and Management 
 61,578 
 493,578 
 
 Compensation expense to consultants 
 116,804 
 89,284 
 
 Total compensation expense 
 178,382 
 582,862 

Stock-based
 compensation mounted to 178,382 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The stock-based compensation for the twelve months
 ended December 31, 2021 was 582,862 and is explained by the liquidation of the 2010 Stock Plan in 2021. 

Other
expenses 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Other expenses: 

Interest expense 
 207,117 
 236,577 
 
 Debt discount amortization 
 128,859 
 77,031 
 
 Amortization of warrants 
 190,335 

Forfeiture of warrants 
 (6,763 

Amortization of IP 
 3,644 

Total other income (expenses) 
 523,192 
 313,608 

During
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 128,859 in amortization of debt discount and the interest
 expense was 207,117, 3,644 was amortized from the Company s IP at net of 183,572 in amortization of warrants. During
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 17,103 in amortization of debt discount while the interest expense
 was 171,627. The increase is due to the Company s fund-raising activities. 

Non-Controlling
Interest 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest 
 193,732 
 496,296 

For
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was a non-controlling interest attribution of 193,732 and 496,296 respectively.
 The significant difference is due to a significant reduction in the R D activities in the current year due to lack of capital. 

# of shares 
 # of options 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Minority owners cash investment 
 4,650,000 
 
 160,485 
 160,485 
 
 Bioxytran non-dilutive equity 
 15,000,000 
 
 1,500 
 1,500 
 
 Issued stock options @ 0.33 
 
 4,500,000 
 450 
 450 
 
 Total outstanding 
 19,650,000 
 4,500,000 
 162,435 
 162,435 

There
 are currently 30,000,000 issued and 19,650,000 outstanding shares; 15,000,000 Common shares (76 are held by Bioxytran and 4,650,000
 Common shares (24 are held by an affiliate. An additional 4,500,000 options are also held by an affiliate. The option agreement
 includes provisions for dilutive issuance and cash-less exercise. The beneficial ownership of the affiliate includes Mike Sheikh,
 Ola Soderquist and David Platt. 

18 

Net
Loss 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net loss attributable to Bioxytran 
 (2,463,932 
 (4,031,745 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 (0.02 
 (0.04 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 115,361,105 
 106,252,116 

The
 Company generated a net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 of 2,463,932. In comparison, for the twelve months ended
 December 31, 2021, the Company generated a net loss of 4,031,745. The significant difference is due to a significant reduction in
 the R D activities in the current year due to lack of capital. 

CASH-FLOWS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,805,670 
 (1,697,399 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (32,247 
 (36,931 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,060,960 
 1,765,000 

Net increase in cash 
 223,043 
 30,670 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 72,358 
 41,688 
 
 Cash, end of period 
 295,401 
 72,358 

Net
 cash used in operating activities was 1,805,670 and 1,697,399 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 The decrease was due to a reduction of the research and development activities due to lack of funding. 

In
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 the Company is in the process of filing a patent, and 32,247 was spent in legal fees.
 In the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 the amount was 36,931. 

Cash
 flows from financing activities were 2,060,960 and 1,765,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The
 available cash was 295,401 and 72,358 in the end of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Current
Assets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash 
 295,401 
 72,358 
 
 Total current assets 
 295,401 
 72,358 

As
 of December 31, 2022, our current assets consisted of 295,401 in cash at December 31, 2021 we had 72,358 in cash. 

19 

Current
Liabilities 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 749,395 
 624,316 
 
 Accounts payable related party 
 709,727 
 531,000 
 
 Un-issued shares liability 
 960 

Un-issued shares liability related party 
 38,400 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 
 2,165,000 
 2,122,181 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 3,663,482 
 3,277,497 

At
 December 31, 2022 we had total liabilities of 3,663,482, which consisted of 1,459,121 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 (of which 709,727 was payable to related parties), 39,360 in un-issued shares (of which 38,400 was payable to related parties),
 and 2,165,000 in four convertible loans. At December 31, 2021 total liabilities were 3,277,497, consisting of 1,155,316 in accounts
 payable and accrued expenses (of which 531,000 was payable to related parties), and 2,122,181 in the form of four convertible loans
 net of discount. On August 1, 2022, Management forfeited all accrued salaries prior to May 2022. 

Net
Working Capital and Accumulated Deficit 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net working capital 
 (3,368,080 
 (3,205,139 

Accumulated deficit 
 (11,217,600 
 (8,753,668 

At
 December 31, 2022, the net working capital was negative 3,368,080 and the accumulated deficit of 11,217,600. Comparatively, on
 December 31, 2021, we had net working capital of negative 3,205,139 and an accumulated deficit of 8,753,668. We believe that we
 must raise not less than 3,700,000 to be able to continue our business operations for the next 15 months. 

Cash
Proceeds from Financing Activities 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash proceeds from financing activities 

Proceeds from Subsidiary stock transactions 
 
 600,000 
 
 Proceeds from stock transactions 
 680,000 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 
 1,380,460 
 1,165,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,060,960 
 1,765,000 

During
 the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, the Company had raised 1,467,000 through an 8-month convertible notes at 6 interest,
 with net cash proceeds of 1,380,460, as well as 680,000 in net cash for private placements. During the twelve months ending December
 31, 2021, the Company had raised 600,000 in cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock in our Subsidiary and 1,165,000 cash
 generating 1-year convertible notes at 6 interest, extended through May 31, 2023, with net cash proceeds of 1,045,150. The Company
 is aware that its current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund its projected operating requirements through the month of May
 2023. 

Planned
Financing Activities 

The
Company intends to issue a Private Placement Offering under Regulation D in the order of 6 million in the spring of 2023. 

There
can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or will be sufficient to enable the Company
to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it
will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back its current business plan until
sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

20 

Commitments 

We
have no current commitment from our Officers and Directors or any of our shareholders, to supplement our operations or provide us with
financing in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital from conventional sources and/or additional sales of stock in the
future, we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. Even if we are able to continue our operations, the failure to obtain financing
could have a substantial adverse effect on our business and financial results. In the future, we may be required to seek additional capital
by selling debt or equity securities, selling assets, or otherwise be required to bring cash flows in balance when we approach a condition
of cash insufficiency. The sale of additional equity or debt securities, if accomplished, may result in dilution to our then shareholders.
We provide no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

In
presenting our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported therein. Several of the estimates and assumptions we are required to make relate to matters
that are inherently uncertain as they pertain to future events. However, events that are outside of our control cannot be predicted and,
as such, they cannot be contemplated in evaluating such estimates and assumptions. If there is a significant unfavorable change to current
conditions, it could result in a material adverse impact to our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. We believe that
the estimates and assumptions we used when preparing our financial statements were the most appropriate at that time. Presented below
are those accounting policies that we believe require subjective and complex judgments that could potentially affect reported results.
However, the majority of our businesses operate in environments where we pay a fee for a service performed, and therefore the results
of the majority of our recurring operations are recorded in our financial statements using accounting policies that are not particularly
subjective, nor complex. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

The
Company has share-based compensation plans under which non-employees, consultants and suppliers may be granted restricted stock, as well
as options to purchase shares of Company common stock at the fair market value at the time of grant. Stock-based compensation cost is
measured by the Company at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award over the requisite service period. 

The
Company applies ASC 718 for options, common stock and other equity-based grants to its employees and Directors. ASC 718 requires measurement
of all employee equity-based payment awards using a fair-value method and recording of such expense in the consolidated financial statements
over the requisite service period. The fair value concepts have not changed significantly in ASC 718; however, in adopting this standard,
companies must choose among alternative valuation models and amortization assumptions. After assessing alternative valuation models and
amortization assumptions, the Company will continue using both the Black-Scholes valuation model and straight-line amortization of compensation
expense over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the grant. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06,
Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates
the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies
the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard
also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s
own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for
all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2021 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis,
with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 effective January 1, 2021. The adoption of
ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements. 

21 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Item
7A is not applicable to us because we are an emerging growth company. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
financial statements listed in Item 15(a) are incorporated herein by reference and are filed under this Item 8 as a part of this report
and follow the signature pages to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) reviewed the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as at the end of the period covered by this report and concluded that as at December 31, 2022,
(i) the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission ), and (ii) the Company s controls and procedures have not been designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Principal Executive and Principal Financial
Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded as at the evaluation date that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due primarily to a material weakness in the segregation of duties in the Company s internal
controls. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As
disclosed in our previous filings, there are material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting due
to the fact that the Company does not have an adequate process established to ensure appropriate levels of review of accounting and financial
reporting matters, which resulted in our closing process not identifying all required adjustments and disclosures in a timely fashion.
The Company s CEO/CFO has identified control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger
internal control environment. The small size of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such
as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

Although
the Company has hired a consultant to assist with SEC reporting and accounting matters, we expect that the Company will need to hire
accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge to improve the levels of review of accounting and financial reporting matters. The
Company may experience delays in doing so and any such additional employees would require time and training to learn the Company s
business and operating processes and procedures. For the near-term future, until such personnel are in place, this will continue to constitute
a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that could result in material misstatements in the
Company s financial statements not being prevented or detected. 

Because
of the above material weakness, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

22 

No
Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered
public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such requirement as an emerging growth company. 

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

The
Company s management does not expect that its disclosure controls or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent
or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur
or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls
can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation
of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Item
9 B. Other Information 

None. 

23 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
Board of Directors, Executive Officers and key employees are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age
 as at 
 December
 31, 2022 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Platt, Ph.D. 
 
 69 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Ola
 Soderquist, MBA, CPA, CMA 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary 
 
 Mike
 Sheikh, BS 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Communications Officer 
 
 Dale
 H. Conaway, D.V.M. 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Alan
 M. Hoberman. Ph.D. 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Hana
 Chen-Walden, MD 
 
 76 
 
 Director 
 
 Anders
 Utter, MBA 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

David
Platt, Ph.D. is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors. Dr. Platt is a world-renowned expert in carbohydrate
chemistry and has founded three publicly traded companies, creating nearly 1B for investors. He has raised 150M directly in public
markets in the U.S. and has led development of two drug candidates from concept through phase II clinical trials. Prior to Bioxytran,
Inc. Dr. Platt founded Boston Therapeutics Inc. in 2010 (OTC: BTHE) where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2010 to April 1,
2015 and as a Director from March 2015 to June 8, 2016. From 2001 to 2009, Dr. Platt was a founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board at Pro-Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTC: PRWP and AMEX: PRW, now NASDAQ: GALT). From 1995 to 2000 Dr. Platt was the founder of
International Gene Group (NASDAQ: IGGI, GLGS now LPJC). Dr. Platt received a Ph.D. in Chemistry in 1988 from Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
In 1989, Dr. Platt was a research fellow at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel, and from 1989 to 1991, was a research
fellow at the Michigan Foundation (re-named Barbara Ann Karmanos Institute). From 1991 to 1992, Dr. Platt was a research scientist with
the Department of Internal Medicine at the University of Michigan. Dr. Platt has published peer-reviewed articles and holds many patents,
primarily in the field of carbohydrate chemistry. Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Platt s expertise and experience with
public biotech companies, his perspective, depth and background in chemistry and finance, the capital formation process and leadership
experience in public companies provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Ola
Soderquist, MBA, CPA, CMA, CM AA has more than 30 years of senior international entrepreneurial management experience within
technology companies. Ola s managerial experience portfolio includes; Start-ups, Private, Public, Venture Capital and Private Equity
ownership. He has served in CFO and other managerial capacities in multiple industry sectors and companies. His public company tenures
include companies in the Wallenberg Sphere (1986-1996): Industrivarden (OMX:INDU), Electrolux (OMX:ELUX), Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC), Swedish
Match (OMX:SWMA) and SKF AB (OMX:SKF), and most recently in Traction (OMX:TRAC) (1996-2001) and Belden (NYSE: BDC) (2006-2011). His private
company experience includes CFO and CAO positions in Proditec, Inc. (2001-2006), LFA Corp. (2012-2014) and Faria Beede Instruments, Inc.
(2014-2016). Ola is a multi-lingual senior finance professional poised to work globally and cross-functionally, particularly with complex
projects involving change management, business integration, systems implementation, continuous improvement, and process excellence. He
obtained a BS and an MSA rom Stockholm School of Economics and an MBA from Babson College. 

Mike
Sheikh, BS, is a US Air Force Academy graduate and pilot. He has a Bachelor s of Science in Economics and flew KC-135 tankers
and worked as a budget Officer in the comptroller s squadron. He has prior experience as a broker and research analyst. After the
brokerage industry, he was a business development Officer for a variety of specialty finance companies. He is a long-time Biotech Consultant
expert for public or private biotech companies with disruptive technologies. Mr. Sheikh the founder of Falcon Strategic Research, which
focuses on companies that are not covered by traditional analysts on Wall Street. He is also the founder of an Investor Relations Firm. 

Dale
H. Conaway, D.V.M., is a Director of the Company. Dr Conaway is a Veterinary Medical Officer in Federal Research. From 2001 to
2006, Dr. Conaway was the Deputy Regional Director (Southern Region). From 2010 to September 15, 2016, Dr. Conaway served as a member
of the Board of Directors of Boston Therapeutics, Inc.. From 1998 to 2001, Dr. Conaway served as Manager of the Equine Drug Testing and
Animal Disease Surveillance Laboratories for the Michigan Department of Agriculture. From 1994 to 1998, he was Regulatory Affairs Manager
for the Michigan Department of Public Health Vaccine Production Division. Dr. Conaway received a D.V.M. degree from Tuskegee Institute
and an M.S. degree in pathology from the College of Veterinary Medicine at Michigan State University. Our Board of Directors believes
that Dr. Conway s expertise and experience as a Director in a public biotech company, his perspective, depth and background in
testing and the development of biologic compounds, and his leadership in management provide him with the qualifications and skills to
serve on our Board of Directors. 

24 

Alan
M. Hoberman, Ph.D . is president and CEO of Argus International, Inc., overseeing a staff of scientists and other professionals
who provide consulting services for industry, government agencies, law firms and other organizations, both in the U.S. and internationally.
From 2014 to September 15, 2016 Dr. Hoberman served as a member of the Board of Directors of Boston Therapeutics, Inc. Between 1991 and
2013 he held a series of positions of increasing responsibility at Charles River Laboratories Preclinical Services (formerly, Argus Research
Laboratories, Inc.), most recently as Executive Director of Site Operations and Toxicology. He currently works with that organization
to design, supervise and evaluate reproductive and developmental toxicity, neurotoxicity, inhalation and photobiology studies. Dr. Hoberman
holds a PhD in toxicology from Pacific Western University, an MS in interdisciplinary toxicology from the University of Arkansas and
a BS in biology from Drexel University. Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Hoberman s expertise and experience as a Director
in a public biotech company, his perspective, depth and background in consulting and advising clients and his experience in the testing
and development of biologic compounds, and his leadership in management provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve on our
Board of Directors. 

Dr.
Hana Chen-Walden, M.D. is an Endocrinologist and has specialized in regulatory affairs in the pharmaceutical industry in the
US and Europe. Dr. Chen-Walden has more than 35 years of regulatory experience with the EMEA and in individual European countries. Since
2004 to present, Dr. Chen-Walden consulted for European Clinical and Regulatory Consultancy in medical monitoring, quality assurance
and regulatory input for clinical studies in the fields of oncology, cardiology, diabetes, neurology, respiratory diseases and medical
devices. Dr. Chen Walden received her Doctorate of Medicine from University of Tel Aviv, Israel. Dr. Chen-Walden has practiced medicine
in Germany and France. Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Chen-Walden s expertise and experience in practicing medicine,
her perspective, depth and background in medical monitoring and quality assurance, and her leadership in regulatory affairs provide her
with the qualifications and skills to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Anders
N. Utter, has more than 25 years of finance, accounting and management experience in medical devices, consulting and manufacturing
industries in capacities as CFO, Controller and Managing Director. He had progressively increased management experience in the European
Nolato Group and later on in the Amplex Group. Mr. Utter has had a broad business exposure with IFRS and GAAP reporting as well as with
SOX compliance. He has also worked with M A evaluations, financing and integration as well as more hands-on manufacturing cost accounting
and reporting. He is currently in charge of the finance control at one of General Cable s entities. Mr. Utter is and has been serving
as a Director on boards in both profit as well as non-profit organizations. Mr. Utter holds an MBA from Babson College and a BA from
Uppsala University in Sweden. Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Utter s expertise and experience as a chief financial Officer,
his perspective, depth and background in GAAP reporting and SOX compliance, and his finance, management and accounting experience provide
him with the qualifications and skills to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Our
Directors are elected annually and each holds office until the annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company and until their respective
successors are elected and qualified. Our Officers, including any Officers we may elect moving forward, will hold their positions at
the pleasure of the Board of Directors, absent any employment agreement. In the event, we employ any additional Officers or Directors
of the Company, they may receive compensation as determined by the Company from time to time by vote of the Board of Directors. Vacancies
in the Board will be filled by majority vote of the remaining Directors or in the event that a sole remaining Director vacates his position,
by our majority shareholders. Our Directors may be reimbursed by the Company for expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board
of Directors. 

Executive
Officers 

Set
forth below is information regarding our current Executive Officers. Except as set forth below, there are no family relationships between
any of our Executive Officers and our Directors. Executive Officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each Executive Officer
holds his office until he resigns or is removed by the Board or his successor is elected and qualified. 

Name 
 Age as at December 31, 2022 
 Position 
 Term as Officer/Director 
 
 David Platt, Ph.D. 
 69 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 September 2018 to Present 
 
 Mike Sheikh, BS 
 53 
 Chief Communications Officer 
 May 2020 to Present 
 
 Ola Soderquist, MBA, CPA, CMA 
 61 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary 
 September 2018 to Present 

Biographical
information with respect to Dr. Platt, Mr. Sheikh and Mr. Soderquist is set forth above. 

Scientific
Advisory Board 

We
are establishing a scientific advisory board to advise our management regarding our clinical and regulatory development programs and
other customary matters. Our scientific advisors are experts in various areas at medicine including diabetes and other diseases. We believe
the advice of our scientific advisors is important to the research, development and clinical testing of our products. Our scientific
advisory board is comprised of the following individuals. 

25 

Prof.
Avraham Mayevsky, Ph.D. is a worldwide authority in the field of minimal invasive monitoring of tissue and organ physiology.
Prof. Mayevsky is a professor at the Faculty of Life Sciences, Bar-Ilan University, Israel. He founded Vital Medical Ltd. He served as
Head of the Department of Life Sciences and Dean of the Faculty of Natural Sciences at Bar-Ilan University, where he established a center
of tissue physiology. He served as Visiting professor at University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins Medical School World-recognized
expert in tissue physiology, especially in brain metabolism. He Published over 150 papers and patents. He has published over 170 papers
in scientific journals and is the author of five patents. Prof. Mayevsky completed PhD from Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel. 

Prof.
Kevin H Mayo, Ph.D. is a well-known authority in the field of structural biology and structure-based drug design and discovery.
He received degrees from Boston University (BA) and the University of Massachusetts (PhD), and was postdoctoral associate at the Max-Planck
Institute for Biochemistry (Alexander von Humboldt Fellow with Nobel Laureate Rudolf Moessbauer) and Yale University (Chemistry). Dr.
Mayo is presently Professor of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology Biophysics, as well as Lab Medicine Pathology, at the University
of Minnesota (UMN), Minneapolis, USA. He is also Director of the High Field Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Center at the UMN. Over the years,
Prof. Mayo has consulted with numerous pharmaceutical companies and is co-founder of PepTx, Inc., a start-up pharmaceutical company based
in Minnesota. He also currently holds Visiting Professorships at Maastricht University (The Netherlands), Ludwigs-Maximillian-University
(Munich, Germany), and Northeast Normal University (Changchun, China). Prof. Mayo has published over 250 papers in peer-reviewed scientific
journals and is the author of 28 patents. 

Dr.
Hana Chen-Walden, M.D. is an Endocrinologist and has specialized in regulatory affairs in the pharmaceutical industry in the
US and Europe. Dr. Chen-Walden has more than 35 years of regulatory experience with the EMEA and in individual European countries. Since
2004 to present, Dr. Chen-Walden consulted for European Clinical and Regulatory Consultancy in medical monitoring, quality assurance
and regulatory input for clinical studies in the fields of oncology, cardiology, diabetes, neurology, respiratory diseases and medical
devices. Dr. Chen Walden received her Doctorate of Medicine from University of Tel Aviv, Israel. Dr. Chen-Walden has practiced medicine
in Germany and France. Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Chen-Walden s expertise and experience in practicing medicine,
her perspective, depth and background in medical monitoring and quality assurance, and her leadership in regulatory affairs provide her
with the qualifications and skills to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Dr.
Alben Sigamani, M.D. is currently Professor and Head of Clinical Research, Narayan Health, Bangalore. He has over 17 years of
experience in clinical research and in managing multi-center academic and regulatory Randomized Controlled Trials in India. He has several
publications to his credit with a citation index (h-index) of 24. Dr. Sigamani is a Medical Professional (MD) in Clinical Pharmacology
 Therapeutics with a Masters Degree in Clinical Trials from the University of London. In 2021, Dr. Sigamani obtained COVID-19:
Tracking The Novel Coronavirus Certificate from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. 

Thomaskutty
Alumparambil. B.S., C.C.P has over 30 years of clinical experience that includes heart, lung and liver transplants. He is an
expert on quality control and quality assurance programs, surgical protocols, blood gas analysis and anticoagulation management. 

Medical
Advisory Board 

We
are evaluating a Medical Advisory Board that will be comprised of Clinicians and Clinical Research professionals who are interested in
the field of Stroke, Virology or in other subjects related to our product pipeline. The board will provide leadership and expertise to
assist us in designing, executing and implementing our clinically oriented activities in a safe, efficient and professional manner. 

The
Company has established and approved charters for separate audit, compensation and nominating/governance committees of its Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

A
code of business conduct and ethics is a written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote (a) honest and ethical conduct,
(b) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements, (c) compliance with applicable
laws, rules and regulations, (d) the prompt reporting violation of the code and (e) accountability for adherence to the code. We are
not currently subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that we adopt a code of ethics; however, we intend to adopt one in the
near future. 

Board
of Directors Independence 

Board
of Directors Independence. Our Board of Directors consists of five members. We are not currently subject to any law, rule or regulation
requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent Directors. Four of the members of the Board
of Directors, Dale H. Conaway, D.V.M., Alan Hoberman, Anders Utter and Hana Chen-Walden are independent as defined in Section
4200(a)(15) of NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. 

26 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee and appointed three members to the Committee; Anders Utter, as Chairman, Alan Hoberman
and Dale Conaway. 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has established a Nominating and Governance Committee and appointed three members to the Committee; Alan Hoberman,
as Chairman, Dale Conaway and Anders Utter. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has established a Compensation Committee and appointed three members to the Committee; Dale Conaway, as Chairman,
Alan Hoberman and Anders Utter to our compensation committee. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

All
members of the Compensation Committee are non-employee Directors of the Company. None of our Executive Officers serves on the Compensation
Committee or on the Board of Directors of any other company of which any members of our Compensation Committee or any of our Directors
is an Executive Officer. 

Audit
Committee Report Regarding Audited Financial Statements 

The
Audit Committee of the Board is composed of three Directors, all of whom are independent as defined in Section 4200(a)(15)
of NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. The Audit Committee has prepared the following report on its activities with respect to the Company s
audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Audited Financial Statements ). 

The
 Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the Company s Audited Financial Statements with management; 

The
 Audit Committee discussed with Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah Pinnacle ), the Company s independent registered
 public accounting firm for fiscal 2022, the matters required to be discussed by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in
 Rule 3200T: 

The
 Audit Committee received from the independent registered public accounting firm the written disclosures regarding auditor independence,
 discussed with Pinnacle its independence from the Company and its management: and 

Based
 on the review and discussion referred to above, and in reliance thereon, the Audit Committee determined that the Audited Financial
 Statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for filing
 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All
 members of the Audit Committee concur in this report. 

Audit
 Committee: 
 Anders
 Utter (Chairman) 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Our
By-laws provide for the indemnification of Directors and Officers. See Indemnification of Directors and Officers. As at
January 1, 2021, Dr. Platt and Mr. Soderquist each receive a monthly compensation of 35,000 and Mr. Sheikh receive a monthly compensation
of 17,500, along with a 25 401(k) Safe Harbor coverage up to the federal limit, currently 61,000 66,000 in 2023) per year plus potential
catchup, currently 6,500 7,500 in 2023). The Company will further cover all costs related to maintaining Professional Certificates,
and in absence of a corporate healthcare plan, reimburse the Officer for reasonable self-subscribed gold-level healthcare plan; 

Our
non-employee Directors will be compensated with 10,000 shares per board and/or committee meeting as at November 13, 2020; 

Our
Executive Officers and Directors may also receive stock or stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the according
to approved the 2021 Stock Plan, or any subsequent Stock Plan; 

27 

Director
Independence 

Four
of the members of the Board of Directors are independent as defined under the rules of the as defined in Section 4200(a)(15)
of NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our Directors and Executive Officers and persons who own more than
10 of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock to file reports of initial ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities
and subsequent changes in that ownership with the SEC. Officers, Directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by
SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, we confirm that, based solely on a review
of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations except for the Form 3 Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership
filed by all Officers and Directors and by Offer Binder, 10 shareholder, that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our Officers, Directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners
were complied with. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the Company s
Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and the Chief Communications Officer CCO ),
regardless of compensation level. The Company s CEO, CFO and the CCO are the only Officers of the Company for whom compensation
disclosure is required pursuant to instruction 1 to Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
Awards 
 Total Compensation 
 
 David Platt, Chairman of the Board, 
 2022 
 108,900 

108,900 
 
 CEO and President 
 2021 
 214,000 

214,000 

Ola Soderquist, CFO 
 2022 
 108,900 

108,900 

2021 
 214,000 

214,000 

Mike Sheikh, CCO 
 2022 
 43,427 

43,427 

2021 
 105,000 

105,000 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

There
were no equity awards to the Company s Executive Officers during the years ended at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022; Option exercises and vested 

There
were no outstanding options or equity awards held by the Company s Executive Officers at December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

All
compensation paid to our employee Directors is set forth in the table summarizing Executive Officer compensation above. Our non-employee
Directors currently are entitled to receive 10,000 shares of our Common Stock for each board and/or committee meeting that they attend
per quarter in arrears. There were 280,000 shares, at a fair market value of 78,404, issued as compensation to the board in 2022. There
were 1,291,200 shares, at a fair market value of 238,808, issued in 2021. Except for the foregoing, there are currently no agreements
in effect entitling them to compensation. 

Employment
Contracts 

Our
Executive Officers have entered into employment contracts and confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements.
The most substantial provisions include; 

Compensation
 of three (3) times the employee s annual salary upon the Termination Date and any target bonus earned, or if termination occurs
 within 12 months of a change in control, then the terminated employee shall receive two (2) times the employee s annual salary
 and any target bonus earned. 

28 

Continued
 coverage under any health, medical, dental or vision program or policy, in which they were eligible to participate at the time of
 employment termination, for 12 months. 

Provide
 outplacement services through one or more outside firms of the employee s choosing up to an aggregate of 50,000. 

There
are no other arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for any of Executive Officers or Directors. 

The
Board of Directors has set the monthly salary for David Platt and Ola Soderquist to 35,000 and for Mr. Sheikh of 17,500. Additionally,
along with a 25 401(k) Safe Harbor coverage up to the federal limit, currently 61,000 66,000 in 2023) per year plus potential catchup,
currently 6,500 7,500 in 2023), as well as reimbursement of a gold-level healthcare plan. 

Our
Executive Officers and Directors may also receive stock or stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the according
to approved the 2021 Stock Plan, or any subsequent Stock Plan. 

Compensation
Risk Assessment 

We
have formed a Compensation Committee. In setting compensation, the Compensation Committee will consider the risks to the Company s
stockholders and to achievement of its goals that may be inherent in its compensation programs. The Compensation Committee will review
and discuss its assessment with management and outside legal counsel to confirm that the Company s compensation programs are and
will be within industry standards and designed with the appropriate balance of risk and reward to align employees interests with
those of the Company without incenting employees to take unnecessary or excessive risks. We believe our compensation plans will be appropriately
structured consistent with the Company s status as a pre-revenue start-up enterprise, and will not be reasonably likely to result
in a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table includes the information as of 2022 for our equity compensation plan as at March 31, 2023: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation 2010 Stock Plan 
 389,000 
 0.55 

Equity compensation 2021 Stock Plan 
 135,000 
 0.13 
 19,890,313 
 
 Total 
 524,000 
 0.44 
 19,890,313 

(1) 
 Consists
 of our 2010 and 2021 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan (the 2010 Plan and 2021 Plan , respectively).
 See Note 9: Stock Option Plan and Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Financial Statements included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following table sets forth
certain information as at March 30, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s Common Stock by (i)
each person or group known to us, to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of such stock, (ii) each Director; (iii)
each of our Executive Officers named in the summary compensation table under Director and Executive Compensation currently
serving as an Executive Officer; and (iv) the Executive Officers and Directors as a group. All persons listed below have (i) sole voting
power and investment power with respect to their shares of Common Stock (the only class of outstanding stock), except to the extent that
authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record and beneficial ownership with respect to their shares of stock. The
percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 123,502,235 shares of Common Stock outstanding as at March 30, 2023. Except as otherwise
indicated in the footnotes to the table, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws, where applicable. 

29 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Class (1) 
 Number of Options owned (2) 

David Platt (3) whereof 4,509,131 indirect 
 47,536,405 
 38.6 

Ola Soderquist (3) 
 19,585,300 
 15.9 

Mike Sheikh (3) 
 8,800,000 
 7.1 

Dale H. Conaway (3) 
 440,800 
 0.4 

Alan M. Hoberman (3) 
 514,100 
 0.4 

Hana Chen-Walden, MD (3) 
 347,800 
 0.3 
 9,000 

Anders Utter (3) 
 459,900 
 0.4 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (7 persons) 
 77,684,305 
 63.0 
 9,000 

(1) 
 The
 percentage shown in the table is based on 123,502,235 shares of Common Stock outstanding on March 30, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 options have an average remaining term of 0.5 years with an average exercise price of 0.19. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 business address of these individuals is 75 2 nd Ave., Suite 605, Needham, MA 02494. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

From
the date of the Company s Merger on September 21, 2018 we have not entered into any material transactions or series of transactions
that would be considered material in which any Officer, Director or beneficial owner of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock,
or any immediate family member of any of the preceding persons, had a direct or indirect material interest, and there are no transactions
presently proposed, except as follows: 

As
at December 31, 2022, the Company have accrued a total amount of 286,900 for David Platt, 269,400 for Ola Soderquist and 153,427 for
Mike Sheikh in salary and advanced expenses. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
table below shows the fees that we paid or accrued for the audit and other services provided by Heaton Company, PLLC dba Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 26,000 
 20,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 1,800 
 1,800 

All other Fees 

This
category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports
and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firms in connection with engagements for those
fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the
review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

This
category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firms that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . The
services for the fees disclosed under this category include services relating to our registration statements. 

30 

Tax
Fees 

This
category consists of professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. 

All
Other Fees 

This
category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pre-Approved
Services 

The
Audit Committee requires pre-approval of audit, audit-related and tax services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting
firm. The Audit Committee approved the audit and audit-related services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting
firms and tax professionals in 2022 and 2021. 

The
Audit Committee has not expressly adopted rules permitting the Audit Committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre- approval
authority with respect to permitted services nor has the Audit Committee actually delegated such authority to its members. To the extent
it elects to do so in the future, the Board expects that such delegation will be subject to the requirement that the decisions of any
Audit Committee member to whom pre-approval authority is delegated must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled
meeting. 

31 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements commencing on Page F-1. 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
supplemental schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
the schedule, or because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to The Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 on October 31, 2008.) 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.2 to The Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 on October 31, 2008.) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2009) 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-154912) filed with the SEC on November 29, 2018) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS78.209 (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2018) 

3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2018) 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2018) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Dated October 24, 2018 (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018) 

4.3 
 
 Certificate of Merger Wyoming (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 

4.4 
 
 Certificate of Merger Delaware (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 

4.5 
 
 Form of 8 Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018) 

4.6 
 
 Form of 8 Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant Dated February 25, 2019 (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019) 

32 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.1 
 
 Form of Accord and Satisfaction between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals and Elenor Yarbray (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization By and Among U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc., Bioxy Acquisition Corp. and Bioxytran, Inc. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Asset Purchase Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. (Wyoming). (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement of David Platt 

10.5 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement of Ola Soderquist 

10.6 
 
 Form of Security Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2018) 

10.9 
 
 2010 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 on form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2010. 

10.10 
 
 Form of Public Offering Subscription Agreement 

10.11 
 
 Form of Security Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Warrant of dated October 24, 2018 

10.15 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Acutus Fund, LLC, dated October 24, 2018. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Acutus Fund, LLC, dated October 24, 2018. 

10.17 
 
 Form of 250,000 Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated February 25, 2019, of U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC, dated February 25, 2019. 

10.18 
 
 Form of Security Agreement dated February 25, 2019, between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc., and Auctus Fund, LLC, dated February 25, 2019. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Warrant of dated February 25, 2019 

10.20 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC, dated February 25, 2019. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between U.S. Rare Earth Minerals, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC, dated February 25, 2019. 

33 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.22 
 
 License Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and MDX Lifesciences, Inc. dated April 4, 2019. 

10.23 
 
 Investor Relations Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Resources Unlimited NW LLC. dated April 22, 2019. 

10.24 
 
 Scientific Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Asclepius LLC dated May 1, 2019. 

10.25 
 
 Form of Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Steven Aust dated June 11, 2019. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Jonathan Barkman effective July 15, 2019. 

10.27 
 
 Form of Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Cynthia Tsai effective July 16, 2019. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Jonathan Jensen Dated September 13, 2019. 

10.28b 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and Bioxytran, Inc., dated October 22, 2019. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Advisory Board Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Patrick Huddie dated September 13, 2019. 

10.29b 
 
 8 Convertible Debenture of Bioxytran, Inc. to Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. in the Principal Amount of 120,000 dated October 22, 2019 

10.30 
 
 Warrant to Purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.31 
 
 8 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to Tangiers Global, LLC in the Principal Amount of 106,300 dated October 23, 2019 

10.32 
 
 Warrant to Purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.33 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. and Bioxytran, Inc., dated October 21, 2019. 

10.34 
 
 8 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. in the Principal Amount of 106,000 dated October 21, 2019 

10.35 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between GS Capital Partners, LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated No ember 7, 2019. 

10.36 
 
 Form of 4 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to GS Capital Partners, LLC. in the Principal Amount of 125,000 dated November 7, 2019 

10.37 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.38 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement between FON Consulting, LLC and Bioxytran, Inc. dated November 11, 2019. 

10.39 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated November 20, 2019. 

10.40 
 
 4 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC. in the Principal Amount of 125,000 dated November 20, 2019 

10.41 
 
 Warrant to Purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.42 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Power Up Lending Group and Bioxytran, Inc., dated December 30, 2019. 

10.43 
 
 8 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to Power Up Lending Group in the Principal Amount of 54,600 dated December 30, 2019 

10.44 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between EMA Financial LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated January 10, 2020. 

34 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description

10.45 
 
 4 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to EMA Financial LLC. in the Principal Amount of 125,000 dated January 10, 2020. 

10.46 
 
 Warrant to Purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.47 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Power Up Lending Group LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated January 18, 2020 

10.48 
 
 8 Convertible Debenture of Bioxytran, Inc. to Power Up Lending Group LLC in the Principal Amount of 56,600 dated January 18, 2020 

10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Crown Bridge Partners, LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated October 30, 2019. 

10.50 
 
 4 Convertible Note of Bioxytran, Inc. to Crown Bridge Partners, LLC in the Principal Amount of 55,000 dated October 30, 2019 

10.51 
 
 Warrant to Purchase 22,000 shares of Common Stock of Bioxytran. 

10.52 
 
 Amendment #1 to Securities Purchase Agreement between Auctus Fund LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated October 24, 2018 

10.53 
 
 Amendment #1 to Securities Purchase Agreement between Auctus Fund LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated February 25, 2019 

10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Power Up Lending Group LLC and Bioxytran, Inc., dated March 18, 2020 

10.55 
 
 8 Convertible Debenture of Bioxytran, Inc. to Power Up Lending Group LLC in the Principal Amount of 64,900 dated March 18, 2020 

10.56 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement of Mike Sheikh, dated May 1, 2020 

10.56b 
 
 Modification/Amendment to Officers Employment Contract, dated October 28, 2022. 

10.57 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement between Bioxytran and Pharmalectin Partners, LLC, dated November 15, 2020. 

10.58 
 
 Form of Convertible Note Agreement between Note Holders and Bioxytran, Inc., dated May 2 and 3, 2021 

10.59 
 
 License Agreement between Bioxytran, Inc. and Pharmalectin, Inc. dated May 5, 2020 

10.60 
 
 License Agreement between Pharmalectin, Inc. and NDPD Pharma, Inc. dated May 2, 2021 

10.61 
 
 2021 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan, adopted by the Board of Directors on January 19, 2021 

10.62 
 
 2017 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan (Subsidiary), adopted by the Board of Directors on October 5, 2017 

10.63 
 
 Form of Warrant dated June 4, 2021 

10.64 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Option dated June 4, 2021 

10.65 
 
 Form of Private Placement Memorandum dated February 26, 2021 

10.66 
 
 Form of Private Placement Memorandum dated September 17, 2021 

10.67 
 
 Form of Convertible Note, dated January 5, 2021 

10.68 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2022 

10.69 
 
 Approval of International Patent WO2021/099052 - Polysaccharides for Use in Treating Sars-Cov-2 Infections, dated May 12, 2022. 

35 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

10.70 
 
 Approval of International Patent WO2021/099061 - Polysaccharides for IV Administration that Treat SARS-CoV-2 Infections, dated May 12, 2022. 

10.71 
 
 Official USPTO Notice of Publication under 12(A) for the Trademark ProLectin 

10.72 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

14.2 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, dated March 7, 2023 to the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding statements included in this Form 8-K. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
 333-154912) filed with the SEC on November 29, 2018) 

21.2 
 
 Description of Securities 

21.3 
 
 Amendment to Subsidiary s Certificate of Corporation, dated April 29, 2020 

21.4 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation Foreign (BVI) Subsidiary 

21.5 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation Foreign (India) Subsidiary 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, PLLC, independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

100 
 
 The
 following financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BIOXYTRAN, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted
 in XBRL: (i) Condensed Balance Sheets (unaudited), (ii) Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited), (iii) Condensed Statements
 of Cash Flows (unaudited), and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited), tagged as blocks of text. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 as an exhibit hereto. 

These
 certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIOXYTRAN,
 INC. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 David Platt 

David
 Platt 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ola Soderquist 

Ola
 Soderquist 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary Treasurer 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below this thirty-first day of March 2023, by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 David Platt, Ph.D. 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 David
 Platt, Ph.D. 

/s/
 Dale H. Conaway, DVM 
 
 Director 
 
 Dale
 H. Conaway 

/s/
 Hana Chen-Walden, MD. 
 
 Director 
 
 Hana
 Chen-Walden, MD 

/s/
 Alan M. Hoberman, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 Alan
 M. Hoberman 

/s/
 Anders Utter 
 
 Director 
 
 Anders
 Utter 

37 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the year 2022 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accountant for the year 2021 
 F-3 

Financial
 Statements 

Balance Sheets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-9
 F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Bioxytran, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Bioxytran, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the
related statement of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s

BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Bioxytran,
Inc. 

 Needham,
Massachusetts 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Bioxytran, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Considerations 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has negative
working capital, has suffered losses since inception and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 3 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Going
Concern Disclosure 

The
financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue in operation
for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of
operations. As noted in Going Concern Considerations above, the Company has a history of net losses, negative working capital,
a significant accumulated deficit and currently has net working capital deficit. The Company has contractual obligations, such as commitments
for repayments of accounts payable, accrued liabilities, loans payable, notes payable, and related party loans (collectively obligations ).
Currently, management s forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their ability to meet the obligations through management of
expenditures, implementation of planned business operations, obtaining additional debt financing, and issuance of capital stock for additional
funding to meet its operating needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to implement its planned business operations or access
financing through stock issuances, the Company will continue to manage cash outflows and meet the obligations through debt financing. 

We
identified management s assessment of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management
made judgments to conclude that it is probable that the Company s plans will be effectively implemented and will provide the necessary
cash flows to fund the Company s obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact
and subjectivity in determining it is probable that the Company s plans will be effectively implemented include its ability to
manage expenditures, its ability to access funding from the capital market, its ability to obtain debt financing, and the successful
implementation of its planned business operations. Auditing the judgments made by management required a high degree of auditor judgment
and an increased extent of audit effort. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. These procedures included the following, among others: (i) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to access
funding from the capital market; (ii) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to manage expenditures (iii) evaluating
the probability that the Company will be able to obtain debt financing, and (iv) evaluating the implementation of its planned business
operations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

As
described in Note 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded stock-based compensation related to the issuance
of common stock, stock options and warrants. Management establishes their estimates for the value of the stock-based compensation related
to common stock issued for services using historical stock price information. Management uses a valuation model requiring various inputs
to establish their estimates for the value of stock options and warrants. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to stock-based compensation is a critical audit matter
are due to the material impact it has on the consolidated financial statements. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among others, evaluating the reasonableness of the historical stock price information
used by management for the valuation of the common stock along with evaluating the reasonableness of the input s management used
in the valuation model related to the stock options and warrants to determine the stock-based compensation expense. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

(PCAOB
ID 

Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah 

 (dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

March
31, 2023 

F- 4 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Intangibles, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable related party 

Un-issued shares liability 

Un-issued shares liability related party 

Convertible notes payable, net of premium and discount 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, nil issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Non-controlling interest 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

General and administrative related party 

Compensation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Amortization of Intellectual Property 

Debt discount amortization 

Total other expenses 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO BIOXYTRAN 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Preferred 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 (Deficit) 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Shareholder s Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Preferred 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 (Deficit) 

January
 1, 2021 

Options issued and vested 
 2010/2021 Plan 

Options issued and vested 

Net of Shares issued to BoD,
 Mgmnt related party 2010/2021 Plan 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued to Consultants
 2010/2021 Plan 

Common Stock issued for conversion
 of convertible notes and accrued interest 

Forgiveness of debt by Mgmnt
 and related party 

Conversion of subsidiary shares 

Subsidiary shares acquired
 by affiliate 

Subsidiary stock options 

Subsidiary stock transactions 
 - 

Subsidiary stock transactions 

Net loss attributable to the
 non-controlling interest 

Net
 loss 

December
 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net of Shares issued to BoD,
 Mgmnt related party 2021 Plan 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net of Shares issued to BoD,
 Mgmnt related party 

Shares issued to Consultants
 2021 Plan 

Shares issued to Consultants 

Common Stock issued for conversion
 of convertible notes and accrued interest 

Issuance of warrants 

Forfeiture of warrants 

Conversion of warrants 

Stock transactions 

Stock subscription 

30,000 

30,000 
 
 Net loss attributable to the
 non-controlling interest 

Net
 loss 

December
 31, 2022 

B alance 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December
31, 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December
31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount, incl. issuance of warrants 

Amortization of Intellectual Property 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Interest paid for conversion of note 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Pre-paid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in intangibles 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from subsidiary stock transactions 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from stock transactions 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of warrants 

Forfeiture of warrants 

Debt discount on convertible note 

Common shares issued for the conversion of subsidiary shares, related party 

Common shares issued for the conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest 

Forgiveness of related party debt recorded to additional paid-in capital 

See
the accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 8 

BIOXYTRAN,
INC. 
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

authorized common shares with a par value of , and Preferred shares with a par value of . On
September 21, 2018, the Company went under a reorganization in the form of a reverse merger and is currently registered as a Nevada corporation
with a taxing structure for U.S. federal and state income tax as a C-Corporation with authorized common shares with a par
value of , and Preferred shares with a par value of . 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
summary of significant accounting policies presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Company s consolidated financial
statements. Such financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company s management, who are responsible
for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP in all material respects and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. The Company has not earned any revenue from operations since inception. The Company chose December 31 st 
as its fiscal year end. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bioxytran, Inc. a Nevada Corporation, its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Pharmalectin (BVI), Inc of British Virgin Islands and Pharmalectin India Pvt Ltd as well as its majority owned subsidiary, Pharmalectin,
Inc. of Delaware (collectively, the Company is owned by the company and the loss attributable to non-controlling interest
was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All intercompany accounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

/share, be obligated to issue approximately shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of the currently outstanding convertible notes (the New Notes and shares upon exercise of
the warrants and shares upon exercise of outstanding stock options. For the New Notes, the shares total is based on 
of currently outstanding principal and unpaid interest. At December 31, 2021, we would, based on
the market price of /share, be obligated to issue approximately shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the currently
outstanding convertible notes (the New Notes and shares upon exercise of the warrants and shares
upon exercise of outstanding stock options . For the New Notes, the shares total is based on 
of currently outstanding principal and unpaid interest. 

and are convertible at the lower
of (i) a fixed price of , or (ii) 85 of the closing price of any Qualified Financing, which consist of any fundraising receiving
gross proceeds of not less than 500,000. 

in research and development expenses, while during the year ended December 31, 2021 the
Company incurred . 

and a negative working capital of . As at December 31, 2022, the Company
has not yet generated any revenues, and has incurred cumulative net losses of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised from issuance of convertible notes. The Company also raised 
in private placements. During the same period in 2021, the Company raised from issuance of convertible notes, and cleared
up the defaulted convertible loans that mounted to . The Company also raised in cash proceeds from the issuance of
Common Stock in our Subsidiary. The Company is aware that its current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund its projected operating
requirements through the month of May 2023 and is pursuing alternative opportunities to funding. 

The
Company intends to raise additional capital through private placements of debt and equity securities, but there can be no assurance that
these funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or will be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development
activities or sustain operations. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to develop and implement
a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back its current business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised
to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Accordingly,
the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates continuation of
the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement
values. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

in 2022,
 in 2021 and in 2020. Additionally, the Company has reimbursed the affiliates for the legal and administrative costs surrounding
the establishment of the Licenses for an amount of per agreement and reimburse in rental cost for storage. During the
year ended December 31, 2022 one affiliate was paid , and the other was paid . In the year ended December 31, 2021, there
was in transactions with affiliates. 

impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Amortization
of capitalized patent costs associated with the application and award of patents in the U.S. and various other countries are capitalized
and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the patents as determined at the award date, which varies depending on the pendency
period of the application, generally approximating seventeen years. The current patent application is still in process, and is therefore
not yet amortized. 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

in Accounts Payables to related parties in form of payroll and advanced expenses. On December 31,
2021 there was in Accounts Payables to related parties. 

Professional fees 

Interest 

Payroll taxes 

Pension/401K 

Other accounts payable 

Un-issued shares related party 

Un-issued shares 

Convertible note payable 

Total 

(1) 
 to the CEO, to the CFO and 
 and the CCO for 8 months of salary for the period May through December 2022, while there was to each the CFO and the CEO
 at and for the CCO at December 31, 2021. All earlier accrued salaries due were forfeited on August 1, 2022. 

with interest, whereof
 were contributed in form of cancellation of third-party notes, while were issued in compensation for accrued compensation,
 to our three officers and to two consultants. 

At
any time after the issue date of the Notes, The Holders of the Notes, (the 2021 Holders ), have the option to convert all
or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the 2021 Notes into shares of our Common
Stock at the Conversion Price. 

The
variable conversion rate component requires that the 2021 Notes to be valued at its stock redemption value (i.e., if-converted 
value) pursuant to ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, with the excess over the undiscounted face value being deemed a premium
to be added to the principal balance and accreted to additional paid-in capital over the life of the 2021 Notes. No such recording of
a premium was required as the discounted if-converted rate of per share, was identical to fair market value of the
Company s stock on the 2021 Notes date of issuance. 

The
2021 Holders are limited to holding a total of of our issued and outstanding Common Stock at any one time. 

The
Common Stock underlying the 2021 Notes, when issued, will bear a restrictive legend and have a 180-day lock-up period. 

On
June 4, 2021, shares of Common Stock were issued as a result of conversion of accrued interest and principal for five convertible
notes for a total of , or /share. To avoid dilution of the company s stock of these shares held by
our officers were returned to treasury on November 20, 2021, while the original debt consisting of accrued salary was forfeited. 

Private Placement, 2021 Notes issued to consultants 

(1) 
 , after a Debt Discount of was paid to the sole Placement Agent: WallachBeth Capital, LLC (Member FINRA
 / SIPC). 

If
the remainder of the 2021 Notes are converted prior to us paying off such note, it would lead to substantial dilution to our shareholders
as a result of the conversion discounted applicable to the 2021 Notes. There can be no assurance that there will be any funds available
to pay of the 2021 Notes. If we fail to obtain such additional financing on a timely basis, the 2021 Holders may convert the 2021 Notes
and sell the underlying shares, which may result in significant dilution to shareholders due to the conversion discount, as well as a
significant decrease in our stock price. 

Interest Payable 

Unamortized debt discount 

Outstanding, net of debt discount and premium 

(1) 
 , after a Debt Discount of was paid to the sole Placement Agent: WallachBeth Capital, LLC (Member FINRA
 / SIPC). 
 
 (2) 
 million of principal,
 accrued interest and default penalties for notes issued prior to 2021, where settled by a third party in exchange for us issuing
 to them a note in the amount of million. 

Private
Placement, 2022 Notes converted into Common Stock 

In
January, 2022, we entered into thirty-four (34) Securities Purchase Agreements (the 2022 SPA s ), with accredited
investors, under which we agreed to sell the Notes, in an aggregate principal amount of with interest (the 2022
Notes to the holders of the 2022 Notes (the 2022 Holders ). 

At
any time after the issue date of the 2022 Notes the 2022 Holders have the option to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid
principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the Notes into shares of our Common Stock at the Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price is set to per share. 

The
2022 Holders are limited to holding a total of of our issued and outstanding Common Stock at any one time. The Common Stock underlying
the 2022 Notes, when issued, bear a restrictive legend and are currently eligible for resale under Rule 144. 

The
notes principal and accrued interest were fully converted into shares of Common Stock on August 31, 2022. 

(1) 
 , after a Debt Discount of was paid to the sole Placement Agent: WallachBeth Capital, LLC (Member FINRA
 / SIPC). 

shares of Common Stock were issued to two consultants as a result of conversion of accrued interest and principal
for two convertible notes for a total of . 

On
June 4, 2021, shares of Common Stock were issued to management as a result of conversion of accrued interest and principal
for three convertible notes for a total of . To avoid dilution of the Company stock, the shares were returned to treasury and
cancelled on November 20, 2021, and the original debt consisting of accrued salary was forgiven. 

On
December 3, 2021 a company affiliate converted their holdings in the Subsidiary into shares of Common Stock, or /share
in accordance with a joint venture agreement. 

On
August 15, 2022 shares were sold in a private placement for an amount of , or /share. 

On
August 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock were issued against convertible notes with a principal of and an accrued
interest of , or /share. 

On
September 8, 2022, shares of Common Stock were issued in exchange against four outstanding warrants including provisions for
dilutive issuance and cashless exercise. 

On
November 28, 2022, shares were sold in a private placement for an amount of , or /share. 

On
December 29, 2022, shares were sold in a private placement for an amount of , or /share. The investment appears under
the label Stock subscription in the Stockholders equity and are not included in the outstanding shares at December 31, 2022. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, a net of shares of Common Stock were awarded, at an average cost per share of , under
the 2021 Stock Plan for a total value of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, a net of shares of Common Stock were
awarded, at an average cost per share of , under the 2010 and the 2021 Stock Plans for a total value of . 

As
at December 31, 2022, the Company has shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2021 there were 
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Volatility factor (monthly) 

Expected life of warrant 
 years 
 
 years 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company awarded warrants, valued at , while warrants were retired, valued
at , and shares of Common Stock were issued in a cashless exercise. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company
did not issue any warrants. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Outstanding as at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Outstanding as at December 31, 2022 

warrants include provisions for dilutive issuance and cash-less exercise.
 If exercised at December 31, 2022 the provisions would have resulted in an issuance of 
 shares at an average conversion price of , or shares in a cash-less exercise.
 In order to mitigate the Company s risk an administrative hold has been placed on one shareholder s stock in the event
 of future exercise. 

at December 31, 2022: 

 SCHEDULE
OF WARRANT OUTSTANDING AND EXERCISABLE WARRANTS 

Warrants Outstanding 

Exercisable Warrants 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

The
weighted-average remaining contractual life for warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 is years. The aggregate intrinsic value
for fully vested, exercisable warrants was at December 31, 2022. 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Vested 

Non-vested as at December 31, 2022 

Common
Stock Options 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 there were options awarded under the 2021 Stock Plan. However, options were forfeited. For
the year ended December 31, 2021 there were options awarded under the 2021 Stock Option Plan. The options total fair value at
the time of award was . 

of the then fully diluted number of shares of
the Company s Common Stock, automatically adjusted on January 1 each year. As at December 31, 2022, there were outstanding
stock options valued at historic fair market value of and shares issued valued at a fair historic market value of
 at the time of award. As at December 31, 2021, there was The 2010 Stock Plan under this plan there were 
outstanding stock options with a fair historic market value of and shares issued with a fair historic market value
of at the time of award. 

Under
the terms of the stock plans, the Board of Directors shall specify the exercise price and vesting period of each stock option on the
grant date. Vesting of the options is typically immediate and the options typically expire in five years. Stock Awards may be directly
issued under the Plan (without any intervening options). Stock Awards may be issued which are fully and immediately vested upon issuance. 

Shares
Awarded and Issued 2010 Plan: 

On
January 1, 2021 the Company granted shares, with a fair market value of /share at the time of award, to a Medical Advisory
Board Member for her contribution in the Company s Advisory Board, for a total of . 

On
January 15, 2021 the Company granted shares of Common Stock valued at /share, equally divided to shares/each to
fourteen of the Company s Managers, Board- and Medical Advisory Board members, as well as to indispensable Consultants currently
working on the clinical trial submissions with the FDA, for a total value of . On November 20, 2021, the Management returned
 of these shares to the Plan in order to avoid dilution of the Company stock, the shares were cancelled upon return. The shares
market value at the time of issuance were , or /share. 

Shares
Awarded and Issued 2021 Plan: 

On
April 1, 2021 the Company granted shares, with a fair market value of /share at the time of award, to a Medical Advisory
Board Member for her contribution in the Company s Advisory Board, for a total of . 

On
April 1, 2021 the Company granted shares with a fair market value of /share to three members of the Audit Committee as compensation
for their contribution in the Audit Committee, for a total of . 

On
April 22, 2021 the Company granted shares with a fair market value of /share at the time of award, to a consultant for assistance
with the Companies PR work, for a total of . 

On
June 15, 2021 the Company granted shares with a fair market value of /share at the time of award, to a consultant for assistance
with the Companies PR work, for a total of . 

On
July 1, 2021 the Company granted shares to a Medical Advisory Board Member for her contribution to the Company during the second
quarter of 2021. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. 

On
July 1, 2021 the Company granted shares to three Board Members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee meetings during
the second quarter of 2021. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. 

On
August 2, 2021 the Company granted shares to our Investment Banker as per outlined in the PPM for a total value of , or /share. 

On
October 1, 2021 the Company granted shares to four Board members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee meetings
during the third quarter of 2021. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. 

On
November 20, 2021 the Company granted shares to an affiliate for their development and regulatory work with the Company s
first indication. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. 

On
December 3, 2021 the Company granted shares to an affiliate as compensation for Management Fee and Legal Expenses for a total
value of , or /share as per written agreement. 

On
January 10, 2022 the Company granted shares of Common Stock to four Board Members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee
meetings during the fourth quarter of 2021. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares
were issued on August 1, 2022 

On
February 18, 2022 the Company granted shares of Common Stock to two Consultants in reward of their assistance for the product
development and our clinical trials in India. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares
were issued on August 1, 2022 

On
April 1, 2022 the Company granted shares to a Medical Advisory Board Member for her contribution to the Company during the first
quarter of 2022. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares were issued on August 1,
2022 

On
April 1, 2022 the Company granted shares to four Board Members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee meetings during
the first quarter of 2022. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares were issued
on August 1, 2022. 

On
April 11, 2022 the Company granted shares to three Consultants for the management of our clinical trials in India. The total
fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares were issued on August 1, 2022. 

On
August 1, 2022 the Company issued shares to four Board Members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee meetings during
the second quarter of 2022. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. 

On
October 28, 2022 the Company granted shares to four Board Members in reward of their attendance at Board and Committee meetings
during the third quarter of 2022. The total fair market value at the time of the award was , or /share. The shares were
issued on December 19, 2022. 

Shares Issued 

Shares Issued as of December 31, 2021 

Shares Issued 

Shares Issued as of December 31, 2022 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of in connection with share-based payment
awards. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of in connection with share-based
payment awards. 

Stock
options granted and vested 2021 Plan: 

On
February 1, 2021 the Company granted three-year options immediately vested at an exercise price of to an Advisory Board
Member for his contribution in the Company s Advisory Board. The options total fair value at the time of award was . 

On
May 1, 2021 the Company granted three-year options immediately vested at an exercise price of to a Medical Advisory Board
Member for his contribution in the Company s Advisory Board. The options total fair value at the time of award was . 

On
August 1, 2021 the Company granted 3-year options immediately vested at an exercise price of to a Medical Advisory Board
Member for his contribution in the Company s Advisory Board. The options total fair value at the time of award was . 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Volatility factor (monthly) 

Expected life of option 
 years 
 years 

There
were no options issued in the year ended December 31, 2022. Although, options were forfeited at the expiration date and returned
to the stock plan. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded compensation expense of in connection with 135,000
awarded stock options. 

As
at December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards. The following table summarizes
the Company s stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 

Granted 
 
 - 

Exercised 

Options forfeited/cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Granted 

Exercised 

Options forfeited/cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 

The
weighted-average remaining estimated life for options exercisable at December 31, 2022 is years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value for fully vested, exercisable options was at December 31, 2022. The actual tax benefit realized from
stock option exercises for the year ended at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as no options were exercised. 

As
at December 31, 2022 the Company has options or stock awards available for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

Net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest 

Net loss affecting Bioxytran 

Accumulated losses 

Accumulated losses attributable to the non-controlling interest 

Accumulated losses affecting Bioxytran 

Net equity non-controlling interest 

As
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were issued and outstanding shares; Common shares are held
by Bioxytran and Common shares are held by an affiliate. Further, an additional options exercisable at are
held by an affiliate. The beneficial ownership of the
affiliate includes Mike Sheikh, Ola Soderquist and David Platt. 

The
option agreements include provisions for dilutive issuance and cash-less exercise. If exercised at December 31, 2022 the provisions would
have resulted in an issuance of shares at an average conversion price of , or shares in a cash-less exercise. 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Effective Rate 

The
Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent that realization is not likely, a valuation
allowance is established. Based upon the Company s history of losses since inception, management believes that it is more likely
than not that future benefits of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of federal net operating losses that may be available to offset future
taxable income, At December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately of federal net operating losses that may be available
to offset future taxable income. of the , the remaining amount of NOL can be carried forward indefinitely. As at the fiscal year 2022, a deduction for issued warrants
and stock options and restricted shares awarded from the 2010 Stock Plan for a total of has not yet been made, for
the fiscal year 2021 this total was . The market value less exercise price for these awards will be deducted if and when the
warrants and stock options are exercised, while the restricted shares will be deducted at market value at the date they were awarded,
once the restriction is removed. 

Pursuant
to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 Section 382 ), certain ownership changes may subject the net operating loss carryforwards carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards to annual limitations which could reduce or defer
the carryforwards. Section 382 imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize carryforwards if it experiences an ownership
change. An ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation
by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. In the event of an ownership change, utilization of the carryforwards would
be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of its stock at the time of the ownership change
by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years. The imposition of this
limitation on its ability to use the carryforwards to offset future taxable income could cause the Company to pay U.S. federal income
taxes earlier than if such limitation were not in effect and could cause such carryforwards to expire unused, reducing or eliminating
the benefit of such carryforwards. The Company has not completed a Section 382 study to determine if there have been one or more ownership
changes due to the costs associated with such a study. Until a study is completed and the extent of the limitations, if any, is able
to be determined, no additional amounts have been written off or are being presented as an uncertain tax position. 

On
December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the Tax
Act ). The Tax Act establishes new tax laws that affects 2019 and future years, including a reduction in the U.S. federal corporate
income tax rate to , effective January 1, 2019. 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 740-10, Income Taxes. The Company has not recognized any liability for unrecognized tax benefits
and does not believe there is any uncertainty with respect to its tax position. The Company s policy with respect to unrecognized
tax benefits is to recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. 

The
Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business,
the Company is subject to examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. There are currently no pending income tax
examinations. Earlier years may be examined to the extent that tax credit or net operating loss carryforwards are used in future periods.
The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. 

. 

There
are no other arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for any of Executive Officers or Directors. 

Litigation 

In
the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course
of business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. Legal fees for such matters
are expensed as incurred and we accrue for adverse outcomes as they become probable and estimable. 

On
June 5, 2020 the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau, issued a commencement of Action based on behalf of Power Up
Lending Group, Ltd Power Up or the Claimant ). The Claimant request that due to the default of their note
requesting a judgment for an amount of not less than . On January 20, 2021 the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County
of Nassau, granted Power Up a summary judgement against the Company for Breach of Contact, awarding Power Up damages in the amount of
 . 

The
underlying convertible note was, per agreement of the parties, cancelled on June 4, 2021, with Power Up agreeing to a stipulation of
discontinuance with prejudice and forfeiture of on-going lawsuit and forfeiture of the mentioned awarded damages. 

At
present, there is no other pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our Directors, Officers or employees as to which indemnification
is sought, nor are we aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in claims for indemnification. 

option- or stock awards available for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

Shares
issued in private placement 

On
January 4, 2023 the Company issued shares of Common Stock against , or /share, shown as stock subscription in the
December 31, 2022 stockholders equity statement. 

On
February 10, 2023 the Company issued shares of Common Stock against , or /share 

Management
sees no further subsequent events requiring disclosure. 

F- 21 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Bioxytran
Inc. 

 Needham,
MA 

We
hereby consent to the use in the Form 10-K of Bioxytran, Inc., that was filed on or about March 31, 2023, of our Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm, dated April 11, 2022, on the balance sheet of Bioxytran, Inc., as of December 31, 2021 and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, which appear in such
Form 10-K. 

/s/
Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah 

 (a
dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

 Farmington,
Utah 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 

I,
David Platt, certify that: 

1. 
 We
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BIOXYTRAN, Inc; 

2. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and we are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 We
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 

BIOXYTRAN,
 INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 David Platt 

David
 Platt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 

I,
Ola Soderquist, certify that: 

1. 
 We
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BIOXYTRAN, Inc; 

2. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and we are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 We
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 

BIOXYTRAN,
 INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Ola Soderquist 

Ola
 Soderquist 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of BIOXYTRAN, Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Platt, Chief Executive Officer
and Ola Soderquist, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

BIOXYTRAN,
 INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 David Platt 

David
 Platt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Ola Soderquist 

Ola
 Soderquist 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bixt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bixt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bixt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bixt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

