<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1418135_0001418135-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21028959</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3907152</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7665158</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4464374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4226650</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001418135-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001418135-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001418135
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				753258232
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33829
		FILM NUMBER:		23659708

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 SOUTH AVENUE
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-418-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 SOUTH AVENUE
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CSAB Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001418135-23-000003.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 kdp-20221231.htm
 10-K

kdp-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).Yes No 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion (based on the closing sales price of the registrant's common stock on that date). As of February 21, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the registrant's Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. 

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Page PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 22 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 102 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 102 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 103 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 103 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 103 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 104 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Signatures 
 107 

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

MASTER GLOSSARY 
 Term Definition 2009 Incentive Plan Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (formerly known as the Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2009) 2019 Incentive Plan Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2019 2019 KDP Term Loan KDP s 2 billion term loan, executed in February 2019 and terminated in March 2021 2020 364-Day Credit Agreement The Company's 1,500 million credit agreement, which was entered into on April 12, 2020 and replaced the 2019 364-Day Credit Agreement 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement The Company's 1,500 million credit agreement, which was entered into on March 26, 2021 and contains a term-out option 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement KDP s 4 billion revolving credit agreement, which was executed in February 2022 and replaced the 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement and the KDP Revolver 2022 Strategic Refinancing A series of transactions in April 2022, whereby KDP issued the 2029 Notes, the 2032 Notes, and the 2052 Notes, and voluntarily prepaid and retired the remaining 2023 Merger Notes and tendered portions of the 2025 Merger Notes, the 2028 Merger Notes, the 2038 Merger Notes and the 2048 Merger Notes A Shoc Adrenaline Shoc, an equity method investment of KDP and a brand of energy drinks ABC The American Bottling Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP ABI Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income or loss ASU Accounting Standards Update Athletic Brewing Athletic Brewing Holding Company, LLC, an equity method investment of KDP Bedford Bedford Systems, LLC, an equity method investment of KDP and the maker of Drinkworks Board The Board of Directors of KDP BodyArmor BA Sports Nutrition, LLC bps basis points CARES Act U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act Central States The Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund CERT Council for Education and Research on Toxins Coca-Cola The Coca-Cola Company Costco Costco Wholesale Corporation CSD Carbonated soft drink DIO Days inventory outstanding DPO Days of payables outstanding DPS Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. DPS Merger The combination of the business operations of Keurig and DPS that was consummated on July 9, 2018 through a reverse merger transaction, whereby a wholly-owned special purpose merger subsidiary of DPS merged with and into the direct parent of Keurig 
 DSD Direct Store Delivery, the reporting unit whereby finished beverages are delivered directly to retailers DSO Days sales outstanding EPS Earnings per share ESG Environmental, social and governance Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FFS Fountain Foodservice, an operating segment of KDP which serves the fountain channel, such as restaurants FX Foreign exchange IT Information technology IRi Information Resources, Inc. IRS Internal Revenue Service JAB JAB Holding Company S.a.r.l., and affiliates 
 i 

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Term Definition JPMorgan JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. KDP Credit Agreement Collectively, the KDP Revolver, the 364-day credit agreements, and the 2019 KDP Term Loan 
 KDP Revolver The Company's 2,400 million revolving credit facility, which was entered into on February 28, 2018 Keurig Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP, and the brand of our brewers LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LifeFuels LifeFuels, Inc., an equity method investment Nasdaq The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC NCB Non-carbonated beverage Notes Collectively, the Company's senior unsecured notes NPD The NPD Group's Total Market Dataset Nutrabolt 
 Woodbolt Holdings LLC, d/b/a Nutrabolt, an equity method investment of KDP NYSE New York Stock Exchange PCI Standard Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PepsiCo PepsiCo, Inc. Peet's Peet's Coffee Tea, Inc. PET Polyethylene terephthalate, which is used to make the Company's plastic bottles PRMB Post-retirement medical benefit Proposition 65 The State of California's Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 Proxy Statement The definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act 
 PSU Performance stock unit rPET Post-consumer recycled PET RSU Restricted stock unit RTD Ready to drink RVG Residual value guarantee S P Standard Poor s SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SG A Selling, general and administrative SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Tractor Tractor Beverages, Inc., an equity method investment of KDP U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Veyron SPEs Special purpose entities with the same sponsor, Veyron Global VIE Variable interest entity Vita Coco The Vita Coco Company, Inc. Walmart Walmart Inc. WD Warehouse Direct, the reporting unit whereby finished beverages are shipped to retailer warehouses, and then delivered by the retailer through its own delivery system to its stores WIP Work-in-process 
 References throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "we", "our", "KDP" or "the Company" refer to Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and all wholly-owned subsidiaries included in our audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the factors described under "Risk Factors" within Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and subsequent filings with the SEC. 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 OUR COMPANY 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is a leading beverage company in North America, with a diverse portfolio of flavored CSDs, NCBs, including water (enhanced and flavored), RTD tea and coffee, juice, juice drinks, mixers and specialty coffee, and is a leading producer of innovative single serve brewing systems. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig, Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Snapple, Mott's, Clamato, Core, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and The Original Donut Shop. KDP has some of the most recognized beverage brands in North America, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. KDP offers more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands and Dr Pepper as a leading flavored CSD in the U.S. according to IRi, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. 
 KDP was created through the combination of the business operations of Keurig, a leading producer of innovative single serve brewing systems and specialty coffee in the U.S. and Canada, and DPS, a company built over time through a series of strategic acquisitions that brought together iconic beverage brands in North America such as Dr Pepper, Snapple, 7UP, Canada Dry, Mott's, A W and the Pe afiel business in Mexico. The DPS Merger was consummated on July 9, 2018, at which time DPS changed its name to Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and began trading on the NYSE under the symbol "KDP". Today, we trade on Nasdaq under the symbol KDP, and we are a member of the Nasdaq 100 Index. 
 OUR STRENGTHS AND STRATEGY 
 Our scalable business model provides a platform for future growth, focused on: 
 Strong, balanced portfolio of leading, consumer-preferred brands with proven ability to expand via innovation, renovation and partnerships. We own a diverse portfolio of well-known CSD, coffee and NCB brands. Many of our brands enjoy high levels of consumer awareness, preference and loyalty rooted in their rich heritage. This portfolio provides our retailers, bottlers and distributors, and other customers with a wide variety of products to meet consumers' needs and provides us with a platform for growth and profitability. 
 We drive growth in our business by a combination of innovating and renovating our portfolio of owned brands and partnerships with other leading beverage brands. We have a robust innovation program, which is designed to meet consumers' changing flavor and beverage preferences and to grow the number of households using our single serve brewers. We have cultivated relationships with leading beverage brands to create long-term partnerships that enable us and our partners to benefit equitably in future value creation, and where appropriate, we bring these partner brands into our owned portfolio through acquisitions. We continually evaluate making investments in companies that fill in whitespace in our portfolio. 
 Flexible and scalable route-to-market network, with unique e-commerce expertise. We have strategically-located distribution capabilities, which enables us to better align our operations with our customers and our channels, ensure our products are available to meet consumer demand, reduce transportation costs and have greater control over the timing and coordination of new product launches. We actively manage transportation of our products using our fleet (owned and leased) of approximately 6,700 vehicles in the U.S. and 1,600 in Mexico, as well as third party logistics providers. 
 With our Keurig.com website, we have a leading e-commerce platform which provides us insights and expertise in the e-commerce channel. We have been able to translate those insights and experience into our cold business as the number of fulfillment options that are better suited economically for beverages has evolved, leading to growth in the e-commerce channel. 
 High-performing team driving better, faster decisions, enabled by technology. We believe that our team and the culture we have created, through the integration of two companies into one, are truly our competitive advantage. When we approach our customers, we do so as one fully combined modern beverage company. This go-to market system is strengthened through sophisticated data and technology, which includes our line of connected brewers, predictive ordering powered by artificial intelligence for our frontline sales team within our DSD system, and best in class revenue growth management tools. 
 Bold ESG commitments and collaborations making positive impacts. ESG is embedded in the way that we do business at KDP, ensuring that we make a positive impact in our environment and communities. 
 Highly efficient business model, driving significant cash flow and investments. Our highly efficient business model, both from a cost and a cash perspective, gives us optionality to invest internally and look outside for acquisitions or other options to continue to drive growth and create value. 
 PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
 We are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean. We have a portfolio of brands with the ability to satisfy every consumer need, anytime and anywhere hot or cold, at home or on-the-go, at work or at play. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents highlights of our major owned and licensed brands as of December 31, 2022: 
 Category Major Brands North America Market Position CSDs Dr Pepper #1 in its flavor category and #2 overall flavored CSD in the U.S. Canada Dry #1 ginger ale in the U.S. and Canada A W #1 root beer in the U.S. Squirt #1 grapefruit CSD in the U.S. and a leading grapefruit CSD in Mexico Pe afiel #1 carbonated mineral water in Mexico Sunkist soda #1 orange flavored CSD in the U.S. Schweppes #2 ginger ale in the U.S. and Canada 7UP #2 lemon-lime CSD in the U.S. Crush #3 orange flavored CSD in the U.S. NCBs Snapple #2 premium shelf stable RTD tea in the U.S. 
 Hawaiian Punch A leading branded shelf-stable fruit punch in the U.S. Mott's #1 branded multi-serve apple juice and apple sauce in the U.S. Clamato A leading spicy tomato juice in the U.S., Canada and Mexico Bai #3 enhanced water in the U.S. Core A rapidly growing water brand in the U.S. Single Serve Coffee Green Mountain Coffee Roasters #2 K-cup pod brand in the U.S. The Original Donut Shop #5 K-cup pod brand in the U.S. McCaf #6 K-cup pod brand in the U.S. Van Houtte #2 K-cup pod brand in Canada Single Serve Brewers Keurig #1 single serve brewer in the U.S. and Canada 
 All information regarding our brand market positions in the U.S. is based on retail market dollars in 2022. U.S. beverage information is from IRi; U.S. brewing system information is from NPD. 
 In the CSD market in the U.S. and Canada, we participate primarily in the flavored segment of the CSD category. In addition to our major brands above, we also own regional and smaller niche brands, such as Big Red, Sun Drop and Vernors. In the CSD market, we distribute finished beverages and manufacture beverage concentrates and fountain syrups. Our beverage concentrates, which are highly concentrated proprietary flavors used to make syrup or finished beverages, are used by our own Packaged Beverages segment, as well as sold to third party bottling companies through our Beverage Concentrates segment. According to IRi, we had a 24.2 share of the U.S. CSD market in 2022 (measured by retail sales). We also manufacture fountain syrup that we sell to the foodservice industry directly and indirectly through bottlers or through other third parties. 
 In the NCB market segment in the U.S., we participate primarily in the premium water category, including enhanced and flavored water, RTD tea, juice, juice drinks, and mixer categories. In addition to our major brands above, we also sell regional and smaller niche brands, such as Nantucket Nectars. We manufacture most of our NCBs as RTD beverages and distribute them through our own distribution network and through third parties or direct to our customers' warehouses. In addition to NCB beverages, we also manufacture Mott's apple sauce as a finished product. 
 In Mexico and the Caribbean, we participate primarily in the carbonated mineral water, flavored CSDs, bottled water and vegetable juice categories. In Mexico, we manufacture and sell our brands through both our own manufacturing and distribution operations as well as third party bottlers. In the Caribbean, we distribute our products solely through third party distributors and bottlers. We also distribute certain products in other international jurisdictions through various third party bottlers and distributors. 
 Our Keurig single serve brewers are aimed at changing the way consumers prepare and enjoy coffee and other beverages both at home and away from home in places such as offices, restaurants, cafeterias, convenience stores and hotels. We create value by developing and selling our Keurig single serve brewers and by expanding Keurig brewer household adoption, which grew to nearly 38 million U.S. households for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 2 million U.S. households from the prior year, based on third party survey data and our own estimates. Expansion of Keurig system household adoption enables sales of specialty coffee and a variety of other specialty beverages in K-Cup pods (including hot and iced teas, hot cocoa and other beverages) for use with Keurig brewers. We also offer traditional whole bean and ground coffee in other package types, including bags, fractional packages and cans. We, together with our partners, are able to bring consumers high-quality coffee and other beverage experiences from the brands they love, all through the one-touch simplicity and convenience of Keurig brewers. We currently offer a portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed, partner and private label brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands in the U.S. based on IRi. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PRODUCT AND PACKAGE INNOVATION 
 We are focused on a robust innovation pipeline within our portfolio of products to build household penetration of our business. We regularly launch new brewers with new features and benefits, technological advances, sustainable attributes, and changes in aesthetics to provide a variety of options to suit individual consumer preferences. We also continuously innovate and renovate our portfolio of K-cup pods, CSDs and NCBs to provide an expansive array of flavors. 
 During 2022, we launched our K-Caf SMART single-serve coffee, latte and cappuccino maker, which combines our BrewID technology platform with a built-in milk frother to create a full range of hot, iced, and specialty coffee drinks. The K-Caf SMART also connects to our mobile app, which provides more than 80 easy-to-follow coffeehouse drink recipes. We also launched Keurig iQ, a proprietary database providing insights on K-Cup pod consumption and shopping behaviors that we believe will enhance our consumer experience. We additionally entered into new partnerships with BLK Bold Specialty Beverages and Intelligensia Coffee to provide these premium brands in K-cup pod format. 
 In our NCB portfolio, we launched Snapple Elements, a line of teas and juice drinks in three flavors: Rain (agave cactus juice drink), Fire (dragon fruit juice drink) and Air (prickly pear and peach white tea). 
 We acquired the global rights to Atypique in 2022, which provides a range of RTD non-alcoholic cocktails, such as margaritas, gin tonic and mojitos. We also invested in Nutrabolt, a global active health and wellness company with a portfolio of brands, including C4 Energy, a RTD performance energy drink; Tractor, which offers certified organic, non-GMO beverage solutions in the fountain foodservice business; and Athletic Brewing Company, a leading non-alcoholic craft beer maker. 
 OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operating structure consists of four reportable segments: Coffee Systems, Packaged Beverages, Beverage Concentrates, and Latin America Beverages. Segment financial data, including financial information about foreign and domestic operations, is included in Note 7 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Coffee Systems 
 Our Coffee Systems segment is primarily a producer of innovative single serve brewers and specialty coffee in the U.S. and Canada. 
 Our Coffee Systems segment manufactures over 80 of the pods in the single-serve K-Cup pod format in the U.S., on a dollar share basis. We manufacture and sell 100 of the K-Cup pods of the following brands to retailers, away from home channel participants and end-use consumers: Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, The Original Donut Shop, McCaf , Van Houtte, and REVV. 
 We manufacture and sell K-Cup pods for the following brands to our partners, who in turn sell them to retailers: Starbucks, Dunkin', Folgers, Tim Hortons, Peet's, Maxwell House, Eight O Clock, Newman s Own Organics, Caribou Coffee, Community Coffee, Intelligensia, and BLK Bold, as well as private label arrangements. Generally, we are able to sell these brands to our away from home channel participants and end-use consumers. We also have agreements for manufacturing, distributing, and selling K-Cup pods for tea under brands such as Celestial Seasonings, Lipton and Tazo. We also produce and sell K-Cup pods for cocoa, including through a licensing agreement for the Swiss Miss brand, and hot apple cider, including under our own brand, Mott's. 
 Our Coffee Systems segment manufactures its K-Cup pods in facilities in North America that include specialty designed proprietary high-speed packaging lines using freshly roasted and ground coffee as well as tea, cocoa and other products. We offer high-quality, responsibly sourced coffee, including certified single-origin, organic, flavored, limited edition and proprietary blends. We carefully select our coffee beans and appropriately roast the coffees to optimize their taste and flavor differences. We engineer and design most of our single serve brewers and utilize third-party contract manufacturers located in various countries in Asia for brewer appliance manufacturing. We distribute our brewers using third-party distributors, retail partners and through our website at www.keurig.com. 
 In 2022, Walmart and Costco were the Coffee Systems segment's largest customers. The loss of one of those customers could have a material adverse effect on the Coffee Systems segment. 
 Beverage Concentrates 
 Our Beverage Concentrates segment is principally a brand ownership business where we manufacture beverage concentrates and syrups in our manufacturing facilities in St. Louis, Missouri, and Newbridge, Ireland, and sell them throughout the U.S. and Canada. Most of the brands in this segment are CSD brands. Key brands include Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Schweppes, Crush, A W, Sunkist, 7UP, SunDrop, Squirt, Big Red, Hawaiian Punch and RC Cola. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Beverage concentrates are shipped to third party bottlers, as well as to our own manufacturing systems, who combine them with carbonation, water, sweeteners and other ingredients, package the combined product in aluminum cans, PET bottles, and glass bottles, and sell them as a packaged beverage to retailers and, ultimately, the end consumer. Beverage concentrates are also manufactured into syrup, which is shipped to fountain customers, such as fast food restaurants, who mix the syrup with water and carbonation to create a finished beverage at the point of sale to consumers. Dr Pepper represents most of our fountain channel volume. 
 Our Beverage Concentrates brands are sold by our bottlers through all major retail channels. As our Beverage Concentrates business is reliant upon a small number of customers, the loss of any of our bottlers in this segment could have a material adverse effect on the segment. 
 Packaged Beverages 
 Our Packaged Beverages segment is a manufacturing and distribution business of both NCBs and CSDs. Our Packaged Beverages segment also includes a brand ownership business, primarily focusing on our NCB brands. In this segment, we primarily manufacture and distribute packaged beverages of our brands to retailers and, ultimately, the end consumer. Additionally, in order to maximize the size and scale of our manufacturing and distribution operations, we also distribute packaged beverages for our partner brands and manufacture packaged beverages for other third parties in the U.S. and Canada. 
 The larger CSD brands in this segment include Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, A W, 7UP, Sunkist, Squirt, Big Red, RC Cola, and Vernors. The larger NCB brands in this segment include Mott's, Snapple, Bai, Clamato, Core, Hawaiian Punch, Yoo-Hoo, evian, ReaLemon, Vita Coco and Mr and Mrs T mixers. 
 The majority of our Packaged Beverages net sales come from the manufacturing and distribution of our own brands and the contract manufacturing of certain private label and emerging brand beverages. We also recognize net sales in this segment from the distribution of our partner brands such as evian, Vita Coco, Polar Beverages seltzer water, A Shoc energy drinks, and Peet's RTD coffee. We provide a route-to-market for our partner brands seeking effective distribution for their new and emerging brands. These brands give us exposure in certain markets to fast growing segments of the beverage industry with minimal capital investment. 
 We sell our Packaged Beverages products through our DSD and our WD systems, both of which include sales to all major retail channels. 
 In 2022, Walmart was the Packaged Beverages segment's largest customer. The loss of this customer could have a material adverse effect on the Packaged Beverages segment. 
 Latin America Beverages 
 Our Latin America Beverages segment is a brand ownership, manufacturing and distribution business, with operations in Mexico representing approximately 90 of the segment's net sales. This segment participates mainly in the carbonated mineral water, flavored CSD, bottled water and vegetable juice categories. The largest brands include Pe afiel, Clamato, Squirt, Mott's, Dr Pepper, Crush and Aguafiel. 
 In 2022, Walmart was the Latin America Beverages segment's largest customer. The loss of this customer could have a material adverse effect on the Latin America Beverages segment. 
 OUR CUSTOMERS 
 We primarily serve the following types of customers: 
 Retailers 
 Retailers include supermarkets, hypermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, e-commerce retailers, office superstores, vending machines, fountains, grocery and drug stores, convenience stores and other small outlets. Retailers purchase finished beverages, K-Cup pods, appliances and accessories directly from us. Our portfolio of strong brands, operational scale and experience in the beverage industry has enabled us to maintain strong relationships with major retailers in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. In 2022, our largest retailer was Walmart, representing approximately 16 of our consolidated net sales. 
 Bottlers and Distributors 
 In the U.S. and Canada, we generally grant licenses for CSD brands and packages to bottlers for specific geographic areas that are exclusive and long-term, and they have historically been perpetual in many cases. These bottlers may be affiliated with Coca-Cola, with PepsiCo, or may be independent. These agreements prohibit bottlers and distributors from selling the licensed products outside their exclusive territory and selling any imitative products in that territory. Generally, we may terminate bottling and distribution agreements only for cause, change in control or breach of agreements and the bottler or distributor may terminate without cause upon giving certain specified notice and complying with other applicable conditions. Fountain agreements for bottlers generally are not exclusive for a territory, but do restrict bottlers from carrying imitative product in the territory. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Certain NCB brands, such as Snapple, Bai, Core, Yoo-Hoo, Mistic and Nantucket Nectars are licensed for distribution in various territories to bottlers and a number of smaller distributors such as beer wholesalers, wine and spirit distributors, independent distributors and retail brokers. 
 Partners 
 We have differentiated ourselves and the Keurig brand through our ability to create and sustain partnerships with other leading coffee, tea and beverage brand companies through multi-year licensing and manufacturing agreements that best suit each brand's interests and strengths. Typically, we manufacture pods on behalf of our partners, who in turn sell them to retailers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our partner brands included, but were not limited to, Starbucks, Kirkland Signature, Dunkin', Great Value, Peet's, Caribou Coffee, Eight O Clock, Folgers, Newman s Own Organics, Tim Hortons, Maxwell House, Kroger, Krispy Kreme, Community Coffee, Intelligensia, BLK Bold, Celestial Seasonings, Lipton, and Tazo. 
 Away from Home Channel Participants 
 We distribute brewers, accessories and K-Cup pods (owned, licensed, and partner brands) to away from home channel participants, which include restaurants, hotel chains, and office coffee distributors. 
 End-use Consumers 
 We have a robust e-commerce platform at www.keurig.com where end-use consumers can purchase brewers, accessories, K-Cup pods and other coffee products such as bagged traditional coffee and cold brew. 
 OUR COMPETITORS 
 The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Competition is generally based on brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection and convenience, as well as factors related to corporate responsibility and sustainability. We compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources. In our bottling and manufacturing operations, we also compete with a number of smaller bottlers and distributors and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers. 
 The following represents a list of our major competitors: 
 Competitor Categories Coca-Cola CSDs, NCBs, RTD Coffee The J.M. Smucker Company Packaged Coffee The Kraft Heinz Company Packaged Coffee Nestl S.A. NCBs, Packaged Coffee, Single-serve brewers PepsiCo CSDs, NCBs, RTD Coffee 
 Although these companies offer competing brands in categories we participate in, they are also our partners and customers, as they purchase beverage concentrates or K-Cup pods directly from us. 
 OUR MATERIAL RESOURCES 
 Our Raw Materials 
 The principal raw materials we use in our business, which we commonly refer to as ingredients and materials, represent approximately 55 of our cost of sales and include green coffee, PET bottles and caps, including both virgin and rPET, aluminum cans and ends, sweeteners, paper products, K-Cup pod packaging materials, fruit, glass bottles and enclosures, juices, teas, water, CO 2 , and other ingredients. We also use post-consumer recycled materials in the manufacturing of our single serve brewers. The availability, quality and costs of many of these materials have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, over time. 
 When appropriate, we mitigate the exposure to volatility in the prices of certain commodities used in our production process and transportation to our customers through the use of various commodity derivative contracts or supplier pricing agreements. The intent of the contracts and agreements is to provide a certain level of predictability in our operating margins and our overall cost structure, while remaining in what we believe to be a competitive cost position. 
 Ingredients and materials, excluding green coffee . Under many of our supply arrangements for these raw materials, the price we pay fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans and ends, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of pods, PET bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Green coffee. We purchase green coffee through outside brokers. We also develop and pursue direct relationships with farms, estates, cooperatives, and cooperative groups in order to support our broader traceability and sustainable supply chain initiatives. 
 Energy and transportation costs. In addition to ingredients and packaging costs, we are significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs, which can also fluctuate substantially, due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution operations and the energy costs consumed in the production process. The fuel costs associated with our distribution operations are reflected within our SG A expenses. 
 We are also significantly impacted by changes in other transportation costs, such as ocean freight and tariffs. Transportation costs associated with the transportation and import of certain raw materials and finished goods to our manufacturing and distribution facilities are reflected within cost of sales. 
 Our Intellectual Property 
 Trademarks and Patents 
 We possess a variety of intellectual property rights that are important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, patents and trade secrets to safeguard our proprietary rights, including our brands, our technologies, and ingredient and production formulas for our products. 
 We own numerous trademarks in our portfolio within the U.S., Canada, Mexico and other countries. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 
 In many countries outside the U.S., Canada and Mexico, the manufacturing and distribution rights to many of our CSD brands, including our Dr Pepper trademark and formula, are owned by third parties including, in certain cases, competitors such as Coca-Cola. 
 We hold U.S. and international patents related to Keurig brewers and K-Cup pod technology. Of these, a majority are utility patents and the remainder are design patents. We view these patents as valuable assets but we do not view any single patent as critical to our success. We also have pending patent applications associated with Keurig brewers and K-Cup pod technology. We take steps that we believe are appropriate to protect such innovation. 
 Licensing Arrangements 
 We license various trade names from our partners in order to manufacture K-Cup pods. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada and generally include an upfront payment to the partner in order to use their trade names to manufacture and/or distribute the K-Cup pods. 
 For CSDs and NCBs, we license various trademarks from third parties, which generally allow us to manufacture and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico. For example, we license trademarks for Sunkist soda, Stewart's, Rose's and Margaritaville from third parties. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico and generally include a royalty payment to the licensor. 
 For CSDs and NCBs in emerging and fast growing categories where we may not currently have a brand presence, we license various trademarks from third party partners, which generally allow us to manufacture and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S., Canada or Mexico. These partners view us as a distributor with strong route-to-market resources to grow their brands. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico, and generally require a payment from the partner if the licensing agreement is terminated. In some instances, we make investments in these companies, which may include a path to acquire the company after a period of time based on a pre-determined formula. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio of partner brands included, but was not limited to, evian water, Polar Beverages seltzer water, Vita Coco coconut water, A Shoc energy drinks, and Peet's RTD Coffee. In December 2022, we also added Nutrabolt s C4 line of energy drinks to our portfolio, with distribution expected in early 2023. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 OUR HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our Employees 
 We have nearly 28,000 employees, primarily located in North America. In the U.S., we have approximately 22,100 employees, of which approximately 5,300 employees are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Mexico, we have approximately 4,500 employees, of which approximately 3,000 are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Canada, we have approximately 1,400 employees, with approximately 500 covered by union collective bargaining agreements. We also have a small number of employees in Europe and Asia. 
 Our collective bargaining agreements generally address working conditions, as well as wage rates and benefits, and expire over varying terms over the next several years. We generally believe that these agreements can be renegotiated on terms satisfactory to us as they expire and that we have good relationships with our employees and their representative organizations. 
 Our compensation programs are designed to ensure that we attract and retain the right talent. We generally review and consider median market pay levels when assessing total compensation, but pay decisions are based on a more comprehensive set of considerations such as company performance, individual performance, experience, and internal equity. We continually monitor key talent metrics including employee engagement and employee turnover. 
 Our employee benefits programs strive to deliver competitive benefits that are effective in attracting and retaining talent, that create a culture of well-being and inclusiveness, and that meet the diverse needs of our employees. Our total package of benefits is designed to support the physical, mental, and financial health of our employees, and we currently provide access to medical, dental, vision, life insurance and retirement benefits, as well as disability benefits, and assistance with major life activities such as adoption, childbirth, and eldercare, among other benefits. 
 Our Culture 
 Together with our employees, we created a set of core values that are a unifying force for our team and are the cornerstone of KDP's culture. These core values are: 
 Team First. Win together. Be the kind of person you want on your team. 
 Deliver Big. Achieve our commitments. Then push beyond the expected. 
 Think Bold. Challenge the usual. Dare to try something new. 
 Be Fearless and Fair. Tell the truth with courage. Listen and act with respect. 
 Additionally, we have adopted a corporate code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers and our Board, which lays the foundation for ethical behavior for our team. Our code of conduct is available on our website at http://www.keurigdrpepper.com. 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 KDP uses a wide variety of strategies and programs to support the health and safety of our employees. From training on risks from non-routine tasks, such as unexpected maintenance on equipment, to installing automated systems to prevent trailers from shifting during loading and unloading, our Environmental Health Safety team considers all aspects of what our employees may encounter and works to minimize risk. Key to these efforts are data and preventive actions. KDP measures Lost Time Incident Rate, a reliable indication of Total Recordable Injuries Rate severity, and uses a risk reduction process that thoroughly analyzes injuries and near misses. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 In 2020, we began to focus on accelerating our work in the area of diversity and inclusion, and we made significant progress, despite the pandemic. We approached this effort as we approach critical business priorities, using our playbook from integration and transformation initiatives. As part of this process, we established executive-level governance, including participation by our Chairman and CEO, as well as a Diversity and Inclusion leadership team, comprised of committed leaders from across KDP to help set priorities and lead two-way dialogue throughout the organization, and launched our Employee Resource Groups, among other initiatives. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Global Employee Snapshot as of December 31, 2022 
 
 U.S. Employee Snapshot as of December 31, 2022 
 
 SEASONALITY OF OUR BUSINESS 
 The beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. Our cold beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months, while hot beverage sales are generally higher during the cooler months. Overall beverage sales can also be influenced by the timing of holidays and weather fluctuations. Sales of brewers and related accessories are generally higher during the second half of the year due to the holiday shopping season. 
 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS ON OUR BUSINESS 
 In the normal course of our business, we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including our products and their ingredients, manufacturing, safety, labeling, transportation, recycling, advertising and sale. For example, our products and their manufacturing, labeling, marketing and sale in the U.S. are subject to various aspects of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Robinson-Patman Act, the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws and state warning and labeling laws, such as Proposition 65. Certain cities and municipalities within the U.S. have also passed various taxes on the distribution of sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, which are at different stages of enactment. In Canada, Mexico and the European Union, the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of many of our products are also subject to similar statutes and regulations. 
 Various states, provinces and other authorities require deposits, eco-taxes, extended producer responsibility laws, or fees on certain products or packaging. Similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the U.S. and elsewhere. In Mexico, the government has encouraged the beverage industry to comply voluntarily with collection and recycling programs for plastic materials, and we are in compliance with these programs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY 
 We are committed to acting responsibly, and our ambition is to ensure our beverages make a positive impact with every drink. Drink Well. Do Good. is our corporate responsibility platform. Under this platform, we focus on our greatest opportunities for impact in our supply chain, the environment, our people and communities, and on the health and well-being of our consumers. We are committed to transparency and disclosure of corporate responsibility strategies, programs, progress and governance. Our Corporate Responsibility Report, which is issued annually, is available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com. 
 Environment 
 Circular Economy 
 Sustainable packaging is a top priority for us, and we continue to innovate for circular solutions across our portfolio. We contribute to the circular economy via our public goals to convert our packaging to be recyclable or compostable and to use more post-consumer recycled content across our packaging portfolio, including plastics. 
 Improving packaging solutions for product quality, consumer use, recoverability and reuse requires collaboration of all parties along the value chain. Using our strength in forming partnerships, we collaborate closely with a number of stakeholders, including industry groups, non-governmental organizations and coalitions, to move our commitments beyond independent ambitions to collective action. 
 Climate Change 
 KDP is working to address climate change and build the resilience of our business and supply chain. Our approach includes a corporate policy, governance structures and transparency. Our targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative and are in line with the reductions that are required to meet the Paris Agreement on climate change goal of keeping global warming well below 2 degrees Celsius. Our climate goals provide a path for us to reduce our share of greenhouse gas emissions from our 2018 baseline through continuation of existing efforts, like improving energy efficiency in our operations, and the development of new focus areas, such as packaging improvements and value chain engagement. We report non-financial data annually on our climate efforts to CDP Climate. 
 Water Stewardship 
 Water is a precious natural resource that is essential to our business. As water is the primary ingredient in most of our beverages, we have a particular responsibility to be good stewards of water use in our operations, our communities and throughout our supply chain. Our water stewardship goals are focused on safeguarding water resources and building healthy communities resilient to climate change. 
 We conduct periodic water risk assessments of our operations and supply chain. To refine our understanding of challenges for our high water-risk sites, we assess each site in the context of the surrounding watershed, the local water issues and other local entities interest and perspective on those issues. We have public goals and programs to both increase operational efficiency and to replenish water through conservation and restoration projects with conservation organizations in communities where we operate that have high water risk. We report non-financial data annually on our water stewardship efforts to CDP Water. 
 Supply Chain 
 We identify key suppliers, farmers and business partners to encourage sustainable practices across our supply chain. We are committed to responsibly sourcing coffee, cocoa, and other priority crops, relying on third-party certifications and verification programs to foster social, environmental and economic protections. We aim to responsibly source manufactured products by prioritizing and engaging key suppliers to implement and maintain effective social and environmental management systems in their own operations. We continue to build out new programs focused on supporting regenerative agriculture and conservation in our coffee, corn and apple supply chains, as well as advancing inclusion and improving livelihoods for the people in KDP s upstream supply chain. Our participation in the Business for Inclusive Growth (B4IG) coalition continues to inform our efforts around an inclusive sourcing approach for KDP. 
 Health and Well-Being 
 We are committed to providing a balanced portfolio of beverage options and the resources consumers need to make informed choices for positive hydration, including an expansion of our product offerings that deliver nutritional and functional benefits, as well as reducing sugar and calories. We have dramatically transformed our portfolio over the past decade, offering a low- or no-calorie option for virtually every full-calorie brand in our portfolio, and we have also added smaller portion-size offerings. In 2022, we launched our updated KDP Product Facts website, found at www.kdpproductfacts.com, which contains important nutrition, certification, and allergen information to empower consumers to make informed decisions and find products that meet their needs. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Our website address is www.keurigdrpepper.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this document. We make available, free of charge through this website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 
 The market and industry data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is from IRi, an independent industry source, and is based on retail dollar sales and sales volumes in 2022. Although we believe that this independent source is reliable, we have not verified the accuracy or completeness of this data or any assumptions underlying such data. IRi is a marketing information provider, primarily serving consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers. We use IRi data as our primary management tool to track market performance because it has broad and deep data coverage, is based on consumer transactions at retailers, and is reported to us monthly. IRi data provides measurement and analysis of marketplace trends such as market share, retail pricing, promotional activity and distribution across various channels, retailers and geographies. Measured categories provided to us by IRi include K-Cup pods, CSDs, including energy drinks and carbonated waters, and NCBs, including RTD teas and coffee, single-serve and multi-serve juice and juice drinks, sports drinks, still waters and non-alcoholic mixers. IRi also provides data on other food items such as apple sauce. IRi data we present in this report is from IRi service, which compiles data based on scanner transactions in key retail channels, including grocery stores, mass merchandisers (including Walmart), club stores (excluding Costco), drug chains, convenience stores and gas stations. However, this data does not include the fountain or vending channels, or small independent retail outlets, which together represent a meaningful portion of the U.S. beverage market. This data does not include certain customers and e-commerce sales which represents a significant portion of our Coffee Systems segment. 
 Our market share data for our brewers is based on information provided by NPD. NPD data is based upon Consumer Panel Track SM (consumer-reported sales) calibrated with selected retailers' point of sale data, based on NPD's definition of the coffeemaker category. The data presented is based upon The NPD/Consumer Tracking Service for Coffeemakers in the U.S. and represents the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 
 Costs and supply for inputs to our products, including raw materials and transportation, may change substantially and shortages have occurred and may continue to occur. 
 We have been, and may continue to be, affected by supply chain constraints and labor shortages driven by overall macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, largely caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The resulting impacts on the global economy have led to supply chain disruptions and significant inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing and labor costs, which have impacted our results of operations in the current year and may continue to do so in the future. 
 Our raw materials are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base, and their cost can fluctuate substantially. Under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. Price increases for our raw materials have placed pressure on our costs and could continue to do so, and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. Furthermore, any price increases passed along to our customers or consumers could significantly reduce demand for our products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance. In addition, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments. 
 Our principal raw materials in our coffee business include coffee beans and K-Cup pod raw materials (including cups, filter paper and other ingredients) used in the manufacturing of our K-Cup pods. We purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee and related coffee products. The quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the C price of coffee. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the C coffee commodity price increase the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base C coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. These are known as price-to-be-fixed contracts. 
 The supply and price of crops we purchase, such as coffee, apples, and corn, can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, natural disasters, crop disease (such as coffee rust), general cost increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions, as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of various commodities through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting supplies. 
 Ongoing speculation in global trading of commodities, such as coffee, has and may continue to influence prices. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of our commodities due to any of the factors described herein or a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our products, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 We also have a limited number of suppliers for certain strategic raw materials critical to our operations. We may have limited leverage to negotiate with these suppliers, which could negatively affect our operations and the financial performance of our business. In addition, in order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials. The timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. This could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels and/or higher raw material costs for us. 
 If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. Changing suppliers can require long lead times. The failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, widespread illness (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), crop failure, strikes, transportation disruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. A failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. Some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. Any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance. 
 Some of our raw materials and finished products are sourced or manufactured overseas and shipped to the U.S. and Canada. Changes in the global ocean transport market, including shortages of shipping containers and availability of U.S. and Canadian ports, have resulted in and may continue to result in increased costs of transportation for our raw materials and finished products, which may impact our results of operations. 
 In addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business, and therefore may be significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution business and our use of third-party carriers. An increase in the price, disruption of supply, or shortage in fuel and other energy sources could also increase our suppliers operating costs and indirectly impact our results of operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We operate in intensely competitive categories. 
 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Some of our competitors, such as Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, The Kraft Heinz Company and Nestl S.A., are multinational corporations with significant financial resources. These competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. We also compete with a number of smaller brands and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers. Smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. We also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. In Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors. 
 Our sales may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, ineffective advertising and marketing campaigns, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, increased marketing costs and higher in-store placement and slotting fees driven by our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. Competitive pressures may also cause us to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our ability to increase such prices. In addition, the rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. 
 A significant percentage of the Coffee Systems segment's financial performance is attributable to sales of K-Cup pods for use with Keurig brewing systems. We compete for sales of K-Cup pods against local and regional brands, as well as against private label brands developed by retailers. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry and a significant increase in the number of competitive pod contract manufacturers. 
 Continued acceptance of Keurig brewers and sales of K-Cup pods to an increasing installed customer base are significant factors in our Coffee Systems' growth plans. Any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of Keurig brewers, failure to continue to reduce the cost of Keurig brewers, or substantial or sustained decline in the sales of K-Cup pods could materially and adversely affect our business. Keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers. If we do not succeed in continuing to reduce the costs of manufacturing Keurig brewers or differentiating Keurig brewers from our competitors in the coffeemaker category, based on technology, quality of products, desired brands or otherwise, or our competitors adopt their respective strategies, our competitive position may be weakened. 
 Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. 
 The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products, their ingredients and packaging, and our brewers. We have various quality, environmental, health and safety supply chain standards. A failure or perceived failure to meet our quality or safety standards, including product contamination or tampering, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. This could result in time consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. It could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. Moreover, negative publicity may result from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. 
 In addition, adverse public opinion, third-party studies or other allegations, whether or not valid, regarding the perceived or potential negative health effects of ingredients in our beverage products, or substances in our packaging materials may lead to additional government regulation, new or increased taxes on our products, actual or threatened legal action against us, and a negative consumer perception of our products, any of which could result in decreased demand for our products or reformulations of existing products to remove such ingredients or substances, which may be costly and reduce their appeal. 
 Any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the goodwill associated with our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. 
 Consumers preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects of products, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. For example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular CSDs, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet CSDs, and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in beverages. The demand for CSDs has therefore decreased as consumers have shifted towards NCBs, such as water, RTD coffee and teas, and sports drinks. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to these changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, our sales and growth could suffer. 
 Consumers are also increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. If we do not meet consumer demands by continuing to provide recyclable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer. 
 In addition, consumer shopping behavior is rapidly evolving due to both changes in travel, vacation and leisure activity patterns and the acceleration of e-commerce and other methods of purchasing products. If we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels (including e-commerce), our financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 We have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, as a result of, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions, store closures, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar activity, reduced options for marketing and promotion of products or other restrictions in connection with widespread illness such as the COVID-19 pandemic; such impacts could further increase the difficulty of operating our business during the pandemic, including accurately planning and forecasting customer demand. 
 If we do not innovate rapidly and successfully to respond to shifting consumer demands, our business may suffer. Achieving growth depends on our successful development, introduction and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by and intellectual property rights of our competitors, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. 
 If we do not successfully manage our investments in new business strategies or integrate and manage our acquired businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. 
 From time to time, we acquire businesses or brands, invest in emerging companies and/or form joint ventures, and enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. In evaluating such endeavors, we are required to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business strategies, opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. Furthermore, we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with any such transaction, including in connection with the integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. We may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. We also regularly pursue productivity initiatives, which are focused on cost savings and tax strategies in procurement, manufacturing, and logistics. These strategic initiatives may include investments in new technologies and optimization and relocation of our manufacturing and distribution footprint. New ventures and investments are inherently risky and may not be successful, and we may face challenges in achieving strategic objectives and other benefits expected from such investments or ventures. Any acquisitions, investments or ventures may also disrupt ongoing business activity or result in the diversion of management attention and resources from other initiatives and operations. 
 Our financial performance will depend in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures. We may not achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions. If we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our facilities and operations will require substantial investment and upgrading, and those investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits of such investment. 
 We continue to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. Additionally, we rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities, including expansive investments in manufacturing facilities in Spartanburg, South Carolina; Newbridge, Ireland; and Allentown, Pennsylvania. 
 If our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated, the investments and upgrades are not sufficient to meet our near-term future business needs, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other business disruptions, we have experienced delays in the construction of certain of our new facilities and the production equipment contained within, and we may continue to experience such delays. 
 Substantial disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur. 
 A disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a disruption could occur at the facilities of our suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. The disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, widespread illness (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), strikes, labor shortages, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. Moreover, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we would need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 
 Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property, including a third party s termination of distribution rights licensed to us, could harm our business. 
 We possess intellectual property that is important to our business. This intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. We and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. Litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend against claims. We cannot be certain that the steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed. 
 We also license various trademarks from third parties and license our trademarks to third parties. In some countries, third parties own certain trademarks or other intellectual property that we own in the U.S., Canada or Mexico. For example, the Dr Pepper trademark and formula is owned by Coca-Cola outside North America. Adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could also negatively impact our brands. 
 In some cases, we license rights to distribute third-party products. The licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. The termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
 Determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 51,837 million of total assets, of which 20,072 million were goodwill and 23,183 million were other intangible assets. Intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships and contractual arrangements. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 The impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. An impairment was recently recorded and could be recorded again as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category resulting in diminished long-term revenue growth; (ii) higher commodity or transportation prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) not achieving forecasted productivities; (v) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events; and (vi) changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rates and market beta volatility and changes to management's view of forecasted risk, among others. Since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. Any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our Consolidated Statements of Income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense. 
 In the future, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If our financial performance does not meet current expectations, our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. 
 Additionally, in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at the time. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies methodologies in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. Furthermore, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. In addition, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings may reduce flexibility of our business to engage in certain transactions, such as the execution and renewal of certain leases. 
 We negotiate with our suppliers to extend our payment terms to decrease our cash conversion cycle and manage our working capital, and If suppliers are unwilling to meet our customary payment terms, it may limit the pool of potential suppliers. Further, if a reduction in our payment terms with our suppliers occurs, our liquidity may be adversely affected. 
 As part of ongoing efforts to decrease our cash conversion cycle and maximize our working capital, we negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes the consideration of payment terms. As part of this process, we strive to seek 360 day payment terms in commercial negotiations with potential suppliers. Excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. 
 If a potential supplier is unwilling to accept 360 day payment terms as a part of the commercial negotiation, we may remove them from consideration, which could limit the overall pool of potential suppliers for selection. 
 If, during the procurement process, suppliers are either replaced or a supplier s contract is renegotiated, our payment terms may be reduced. If our payment terms are reduced, our ability to maintain our cash conversion cycle to maximize our working capital, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected. Additionally, due to these replacements or renegotiations, we may need to utilize various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and reduce our free cash flow. 
 In October 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 4 billion of our outstanding common stock, beginning on January 1, 2022, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. Our repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time. We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase shares or conduct future share repurchase programs, and we cannot guarantee that any such programs will result in long-term increases to shareholder value. 
 Additionally, significant changes in laws or regulations, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, effective August 16, 2022, which imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022, may reduce our ability to take advantage of our share repurchase program. 
 The agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and may affect our ability to operate our business. 
 The agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to incur debt and our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. Our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. 
 RISKS RELATING TO LABOR AND EMPLOYMENT 
 Failure to recruit and retain qualified personnel, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce such as labor shortages, employee turnover, and increases in wages, could significantly impact our operations. 
 Our future success depends upon the continued contributions of senior management and other key personnel and the ability to retain and motivate them. If we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate the senior management team and other key personnel sufficiently to support the projected growth and initiatives of our business, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 Disruption in the global economy has exacerbated employee turnover and led to continued labor shortages, particularly in the market for frontline employees in the production and distribution environments. The labor force has been and may continue to be impacted by a number of factors related to macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. Additionally, competition in the labor marketplace for qualified employees has led to increased costs, such as higher wages in order to recruit and retain employees. A prolonged labor shortage or inflation in labor costs could have a significant impact on our business and financial performance. 
 We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including labor disputes or work stoppages. 
 Approximately 8,800 of our employees worldwide are covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. We may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. This could result in labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. The terms of existing, renewed or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency. 
 Increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability. 
 Our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. In recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. These factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. Although we will actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that it will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATING TO OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES 
 We depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales. 
 Food and beverage retailers in the U.S. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. They are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices and more favorable trade terms. To the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to retailers, our respective margins would be reduced. Retailers also have leverage to require us to provide increased marketing and promotional expenditures, including larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs, as well as to demand fines for late or incomplete product shipments. If we and our partners, including bottlers, distributors and licensees, do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. In addition, certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. Some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. Accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail customers. 
 If we are unable to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, or such customers determine that they need fewer inventories to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. Furthermore, the loss of sales from a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. 
 We license rights to third parties to bottle and distribute our products. Net sales from our Beverage Concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. The Beverage Concentrates segment s operations generate a significant portion of our overall income from operations. Some of these bottlers are also our direct competitors, or also bottle and distribute products for our competitors. The majority of these bottlers business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors products. In addition, some of the finished products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. As independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. They may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors products and their own products. They may devote more resources to other products, prioritize their own products, or take other actions detrimental to our brands. 
 In most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. In some cases, the license agreements include buy-out rights that allow us to exit for a fee, and we may have additional limited termination rights. The termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance, and any disputes could be costly and divert management attention. We may need to increase support for our brands in certain territories to maintain our route to market and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. Their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond their control, and their business could suffer as a result. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers. 
 Failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements. 
 In our Coffee Systems segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of K-Cup pods with partner customers, as well as with retailers for their private label brands. As independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. If we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and technological or other development efforts, they may take actions that adversely impact us, including entering into agreements with competing pod contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own K-Cup pods. Increasing competition among K-Cup pod manufacturers and moving to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. The loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of Keurig brewers, our ability to attract additional branded or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy Keurig brewers. 
 In our Packaged Beverages segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacture and/or distribution of products from partner brand owners in emerging or fast-growing segments in which we may not currently have a brand presence. We are subject to a risk of our partner brands terminating their agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the partner brands terminate their agreements, such as a one-time termination payment. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers, manufacturers and order fulfillment companies for our brewers. 
 A small number of companies, located primarily in Asia, manufacture the vast majority of our brewers, with a majority of the brewers we sell procured from one third-party brewer manufacturer. If these manufacturers are not able to perform, whether as a result of natural disaster, information technology failure, commercial or international trade dispute, or otherwise, or are not able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewers at competitive costs, our overall results will be negatively affected. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions. 
 Changes in economic and financial conditions in the U.S., Canada, Mexico or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. We may be impacted by consumer price sensitivity associated with many of our products. Similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to supply materials timely. Additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes. 
 Although we have no operations in Russia or Ukraine, we have experienced supply chain constraints and inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing and labor costs due to the impact of the conflict on the global economy. If continued, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could result in additional supply chain disruptions, volatility in fuel and commodity prices, and significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We also face counterparty risk for our cash investments and derivative instruments. Declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements. 
 Deterioration of general macro-economic conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity due to impacts on our suppliers, customers and operating costs. 
 Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. Such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. These events could negatively affect our suppliers operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements. 
 Financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face, including their ability to access working capital, could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them, the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier or our ability to source product from them. We might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers and, to the extent these difficulties impact the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier, we may have a decrease in our cash flow from operations and may have to use our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity needs. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results. 
 While our operations are predominately in the U.S., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the Mexican peso, the Canadian dollar and the Euro, as well as other foreign currencies in which we transact business. As a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin and income from operations from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year. 
 Weather, natural disasters, water availability, and climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business. 
 Unseasonable or unusual weather, natural disasters or long-term climate changes could add volatility to commodity prices and have the potential to disrupt the availability of raw materials, energy and fuel, our ability to produce our products and may result in reduced demand for our products, which may have a negative effect on our business and financial performance. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Global climate change poses a threat to communities, businesses, farmers and ecosystems across the world. Climate change is already affecting the agricultural sector, and disruptions to crop growing conditions are expected to increase with extreme weather events, increasing temperatures, and changing water availability. Water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. Climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. The competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. 
 We are also faced with the impact of disruptions to crop growing conditions as a result of changing weather patterns, which can cause changes in geographical ranges of crops, as well as weeds, diseases and pests that affect those crops. These impacts may limit availability or increase the price volatility of key agricultural commodities, such as coffee, corn and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products. 
 Concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions. For example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we will operate. Laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 U.S. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 Our products are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and other countries in which we conduct business. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution and sale of our products. Other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to competition, the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health and trade practices. Our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. Our international business is also subject to U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations. 
 Violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacturing, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, advertising, distribution and sale of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. In addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. For example, changes in laws related to packaging materials or the use or disposal of plastics or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. In addition, changes in legislation imposing tariffs on or restricting the importation of our products or raw materials required to make our products, restricting the sale of K-Cup pods, requiring compostability of K-Cup pods, limiting the ability of consumers to put K-Cup pods into municipal waste or recycling streams could, at least for some period of time, cut off a significant source of our sales and profits. Changes in bottle deposit and recycling laws, including requiring manufacturers of K-Cup pods to pay responsible producer or other fees to either governmental or non-governmental entities in connection with the collection, recycling, or disposition of K-Cup pods, may support our corporate responsibility objectives and goals, but could increase our costs. 
 We depend on key information systems and third-party service providers. 
 We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. We rely on third-party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting, collecting, storing and transmitting our primary data center and processing various accounting and transactional services. An offshore shared service center managed by third parties provides lower cost services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, tax, IT programming and monitoring services, and computing functions. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. In addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control. 
 Our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, because we primarily accept debit and credit cards for payment in our e-commerce channel, we are subject to the PCI Standard, issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. The PCI Standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. We are in compliance with the PCI Standard. However, complying with the PCI Standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, or the maintenance and support of existing systems and technology, to maintain compliance with the PCI Standard could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Further, even though we are compliant with the PCI Standard, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches. Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 
 In addition, some of our commercial partners may receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. If we or these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our networks, our users data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 
 As cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems and those of our third party service providers have been and may in the future be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. These risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, regulatory actions or investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our use of information technology and third party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. 
 We use information technology and third party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, information technology, human resources and computing functions. 
 Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. Our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, also disrupted by other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. Further, cybersecurity breaches of our or third party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. When risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third party service providers and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. Additionally, in the event of a cybersecurity breach, confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform could potentially be exposed. If our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property, breach of confidential information and damage to our reputation or brands. 
 We continue to devote resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data; we are also in the process of enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. Although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of a breach or disruption, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. Privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. 
 We have been, and in the future may be, a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings that may include employment, tort, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection, discriminatory pricing and other claims. We have been, and in the future may be, a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under California s Proposition 65, public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection and wage and hour laws. Plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. We will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. We will base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. Costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results. 
 We are subject to income taxes and non-income-based taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. At any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. As these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. In addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. Further, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate. Changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may impact our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Failure to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results. 
 In many countries, including the U.S., we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed. In the event that the audits or assessments are concluded adversely to our positions, we may or may not be able to offset or mitigate the consolidated effect of foreign income tax assessments through the use of U.S. foreign tax credits. Because the laws and regulations governing U.S. foreign tax credits are complex and subject to periodic legislative amendment, we cannot be sure that we will in fact be able to take advantage of any foreign tax credits in the future. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We have two global corporate headquarters, located in Burlington, Massachusetts and Frisco, Texas, both of which are leased. 
 The following table summarizes our principal manufacturing plants and principal warehouse and distribution facilities by geography and reportable segment as of December 31, 2022: 
 Beverage Concentrates Packaged Beverages Latin America Beverages Coffee Systems Total Owned Leased Owned Leased Owned Leased Owned Leased Owned Leased United States Production facilities 1 5 12 1 5 7 17 Warehouse and distribution facilities 28 60 8 28 68 International Production facilities 1 3 2 4 2 Warehouse and distribution facilities 5 31 33 5 64 Total 2 33 72 8 31 1 48 44 151 
 We believe our facilities are well-maintained and adequate, that they are being appropriately utilized and that they have sufficient production capacity for their present intended purposes. The extent of utilization of such facilities varies based on seasonal demand for our products. It is not possible to measure with any degree of certainty or uniformity the productive capacity and extent of utilization of these facilities. We periodically review our space requirements, and we look to consolidate and dispose or sublet facilities we no longer need as appropriate. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are occasionally subject to litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our business. Refer to Note 18 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements related to commitments and contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 BODYARMOR LITIGATION 
 In 2019, ABC, a subsidiary of KDP, filed suit against BodyArmor and Mike Repole in the Superior Court for the State of Delaware. The complaint asserted breach of contract and other related claims in connection with BodyArmor s attempted early termination of the distribution contract between BodyArmor and ABC. In January 2022, KDP agreed to a 350 million payment from BodyArmor as full settlement of all claims under the litigation against BodyArmor and satisfaction of the holdback amount owed to ABC in association with the sale of ABC s equity interest in BodyArmor in 2021. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Effective September 21, 2020, our common stock was listed and began trading on Nasdaq's Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "KDP". From July 9, 2018, through September 18, 2020, our common stock was listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "KDP". Prior to the closing of the DPS Merger, our common stock was listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "DPS". 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 9,059 stock holders of record of our common stock. 
 KDP's Board has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend and expects to continue to pay such dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 On October 1, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 4 billion of our outstanding common stock, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. The 4 billion authorization is effective for four years, beginning on January 1, 2022 and expiring on December 31, 2025, and does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares. There were no share repurchase programs in effect during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The following table summarizes shares repurchased by us under this program during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Amount of Dollars that May Yet be Used to Purchase Shares Under the Program (in millions) October 1 to October 31 3,912 November 1 to November 30 3,912 December 1 to December 31 8,018,696 36.31 8,018,696 3,621 Total 8,018,696 36.31 8,018,696 3,621 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF TOTAL STOCKHOLDER RETURN 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total returns of DPS through July 9, 2018 and KDP from July 10, 2018 through December 31, 2022 with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index and the S P Food and Beverage Select Industry Index. We believe that these indices convey an accurate assessment of our performance as compared to the industry. 
 The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, with dividends reinvested quarterly. The graph additionally assumes that a special cash dividend of 103.75 which was declared and paid as a result of the DPS Merger was reinvested in KDP once shares resumed trading on July 10, 2018. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Discussions of the periods prior to the year ended December 31, 2021 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the discussion therein for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. All of the product names included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 KDP is a leading beverage company in North America, with a diverse portfolio of flavored CSDs, NCBs, including water (enhanced and flavored), RTD tea and coffee, juice, juice drinks, mixers and specialty coffee, and is a leading producer of innovative single serve brewers. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig, Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Snapple, Mott's, Clamato, Core, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and The Original Donut Shop. KDP has some of the most recognized beverage brands in North America, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. KDP offers more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands and Dr Pepper as a leading flavored CSD in the U.S. according to IRi, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. 
 KDP operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor. We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our DSD system and our WD system. KDP markets and sells its products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through its website. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. 
 SEGMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022, our reportable segments were as follows: 
 The Coffee Systems segment reflects sales in the U.S. and Canada of the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our single-serve brewers, K-Cup pods and other coffee products. 
 The Packaged Beverages segment reflects sales in the U.S. and Canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished beverages and other products, including sales of our own brands and third-party brands, through both the DSD and WD systems. 
 The Beverage Concentrates segment reflects sales primarily in the U.S. and Canada of our branded concentrates to third-party bottlers and our syrup to fountain foodservice customers. Most of the brands in this segment are carbonated soft drink brands. 
 The Latin America Beverages segment reflects sales primarily in Mexico and the Caribbean from the manufacture and distribution of concentrates, syrup and finished beverages. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 VOLUME 
 In evaluating our performance, we consider different volume measures depending on whether we sell beverage concentrates, finished beverages, pods or brewers. 
 Coffee Systems K-Cup Pod and Appliance Sales Volume 
 In our Coffee Systems segments, we measure our sales volume as the number of appliances and the number of individual K-Cup pods sold to our customers. 
 Packaged Beverages and Latin America Beverages Sales Volume 
 In our Packaged Beverages and Latin America Beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. A case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. Case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us. 
 Beverage Concentrates Sales Volume 
 In our Beverage Concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. A concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings. It does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate. 
 USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to U.S. GAAP measures, including adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information, including reconciliations to the corresponding U.S. GAAP measures. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 Financial Overview 
 
 As Reported, in millions (except Diluted EPS) 

As Adjusted, in millions (except Diluted EPS) 

On October 6, 2022, we announced a strategic partnership with Red Bull, the iconic global energy brand, to sell and distribute Red Bull Energy Drink products in Mexico, which began in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 On November 9, 2022, we invested million, inclusive of incremental third-party costs, in exchange for equity interests in Athletic Brewing, a leading non-alcoholic craft beer maker in the U.S. 
 On December 8, 2022, we announced a strategic partnership with Nutrabolt, a global active health and wellness company, to sell and distribute C4 Energy RTD beverages in the vast majority of our company-owned DSD territories. We invested million, inclusive of incremental third-party costs, in exchange for an approximately 30 ownership interest in the company and expect to begin distributing C4 Energy RTD beverages in early 2023. 
 As a result of our quarterly triggering events assessment and our annual impairment assessment, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of million on indefinite-lived brands during the year ended December 31, 2022, led by Bai and Schweppes. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertainties and Trends Affecting Our Business 
 We believe the North American beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors , as well as the Uncertainties and Trends Affecting Liquidity section below, for more information about risks and uncertainties facing us. 
 Some of these items, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the resulting impacts on the global economy, including supply chain constraints and labor shortages, have led to inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing and labor costs, which has further led to fluctuation in interest rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have experienced supply chain disruptions and a significant inflationary impact compared to the prior year. These impacts have created headwinds for our industry that we expect to continue into 2023. 
 As a result of these inflationary pressures, we have increased the pricing on a number of our products across our portfolio. Consequently, we may incur a reduction of volume or net sales, which, combined with the inflationary pressures, could impact our margins and operating results. 
 Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for management's discussion of how we manage our exposure to commodity risk. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 on our Financial Statements 
 The following table sets forth our reconciliation of significant COVID-19-related expenses. Employee compensation expense and employee protection costs, which impact our SG A expenses and cost of sales, are included as the COVID-19 item affecting comparability and are excluded in our Adjusted financial measures. In addition, reported amounts under U.S. GAAP also include additional costs, not included as the COVID-19 item affecting comparability, as presented in tables below. 
 Items Affecting Comparability (1) 
 (in millions) Employee Compensation Expense (2) 
 Employee Protection Costs (3) 
 Allowances for Expected Credit Losses (4) 
 Total For the year ended December 31, 2022 Coffee Systems 1 5 6 Packaged Beverages 4 3 7 Beverage Concentrates Latin America Beverages 1 1 Total 5 9 14 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Coffee Systems 4 16 (2) 18 Packaged Beverages 8 7 (8) 7 Beverage Concentrates (3) (3) Latin America Beverages 2 2 Total 12 25 (13) 24 
 (1) Employee compensation expense and employee protection costs are both included as the COVID-19 items affecting comparability in the reconciliation of our Adjusted Non-GAAP financial measures. 
 (2) Amounts primarily included incremental benefits provided to frontline workers such as extended sick leave, in order to maintain essential operations during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (3) Includes costs associated with personal protective equipment, temperature scans, cleaning and other sanitization services. Impacts both cost of sales and SG A expenses. 
 (4) Reflects reversal of allowances initially recorded in 2020 specifically related to the COVID-19 pandemic, driven by improving economic conditions during 2021. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our equity method investees. 
 References in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "NM". 
 
 Consolidated Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 Change Change Net sales 
 14,057 12,683 1,374 10.8 Cost of sales 6,734 5,706 1,028 18.0 Gross profit 7,323 6,977 346 5.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 4,645 4,153 492 11.8 Impairment of intangible assets 477 477 NM Gain on litigation settlement (299) (299) NM Other operating income, net (105) (70) (35) NM Income from operations 2,605 2,894 (289) (10.0) Interest expense 693 500 193 38.6 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 217 105 112 NM Gain on sale of equity method investment (50) (524) 474 NM Impairment of investments and note receivable 12 17 (5) NM Other expense (income), net 14 (2) 16 NM Income before provision for income taxes 1,719 2,798 (1,079) (38.6) Provision for income taxes 284 653 (369) (56.5) Net income including non-controlling interest 1,435 2,145 (710) (33.1) Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (1) (1) NM Net income attributable to KDP 
 1,436 2,146 (710) (33.1) Earnings per common share: Basic 1.01 1.52 (0.51) (33.6) Diluted 1.01 1.50 (0.49) (32.7) Gross margin 52.1 55.0 (290) bps Operating margin 18.5 22.8 (430) bps Effective tax rate 16.5 23.3 (680) bps 
 Sales Volume. The following table sets forth changes in sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year: 
 K-Cup pod volume 1.4 Brewer volume 
 (5.2) CSD sales volume 1.5 NCB sales volume 1.3 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales. Net sales increased 1,374 million, or 10.8 , to 14,057 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12,683 million in the prior year. This performance reflected favorable net price realization across all segments totaling 10.6 and volume/mix growth of 0.5 . These benefits were slightly offset by unfavorable FX translation of 0.3 . 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 346 million, or 5.0 , to 7,323 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6,977 million in the prior year. This performance primarily reflected the strong growth in net sales and the benefit of productivity, partially offset by broad-based inflation and an unfavorable change in unrealized commodity mark-to-market impacts of 152 million. Gross margin decreased 290 bps versus the year ago period to 52.1 . 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased 492 million, or 11.8 , to 4,645 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,153 million in the prior year. The increase reflected higher logistics costs, driven by both inflation and volume/mix impacts, increases in labor and other operating expenses, and an unfavorable comparison of unrealized mark-to-market losses of 55 million on commodity contracts. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets. Impairment of intangible assets reflected non-cash impairment charges of 477 million primarily driven by Bai and Schweppes. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Gain on litigation settlement . Gain on litigation settlement reflects the portion of the settlement payment from BodyArmor which was allocated to the gain on the full settlement of the existing claims against BodyArmor in the first quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Other Operating Income, Net. Other operating income, net increased 35 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by the portion of the settlement payment from BodyArmor which was allocated to the recovery of legal fees incurred during the litigation process and a business interruption insurance recovery. 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased 289 million, or 10.0 , to 2,605 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,894 million in the prior year, primarily driven by the non-cash impairment charges of 477 million, which was partially offset by the gain on the litigation settlement. Other factors include higher SG A expenses, partially offset by increased gross profit. Operating margin decreased 430 bps versus the year ago period to 18.5 . 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 193 million, or 38.6 , to 693 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 500 million for the prior year. This change was primarily driven by the unfavorable comparison of unrealized mark-to-market losses of 255 million on interest rate contracts, which was partially offset by reduced interest expense on our senior unsecured notes as a result of our strategic refinancing initiatives. 
 Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt. Loss on early extinguishment of debt reflected an unfavorable change of 112 million, with a loss of 217 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our 2022 Strategic Refinancing and our early retirement of our 2038 Notes, the 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement and the KDP Revolver, as compared to a loss of 105 million in the prior year associated with our 2021 strategic refinancing. 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recorded 50 million and 524 million, respectively, for the sale of our equity method investment in BodyArmor. The amount recorded in 2022 represents the portion of the settlement payment from BodyArmor that was allocated to the satisfaction of the holdback amount owed to us. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Impairment of Investments and Note Receivable. Impairment on investments and note receivable reflected non-cash impairment charges of 12 million and 17 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, associated with the wind-down of Bedford. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Effective Tax Rate. The effective tax rate decreased 680 bps to 16.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 23.3 in the prior year, primarily driven by the revaluation of state deferred tax liabilities due to legislative changes and the favorable mix of our incremental income in low tax jurisdictions in the year. 
 Net Income Attributable to KDP. Net income attributable to KDP decreased 710 million, or 33.1 , to 1,436 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,146 million in the prior year, primarily driven by the unfavorable change in gain on sale of our equity method investment in BodyArmor, lower income from operations, increased interest expense, and the unfavorable change in loss on early extinguishment of debt, partially offset by the decrease in our effective tax rate. 
 Diluted EPS. Diluted EPS decreased 32.7 to 1.01 per diluted share as compared to 1.50 in the prior year. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations by Segment 
 The following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP: 
 (in millions) For the Year Ended December 31, Segment Results Net sales 2022 2021 Coffee Systems 4,982 4,716 Packaged Beverages 6,607 5,882 Beverage Concentrates 1,725 1,486 Latin America Beverages 743 599 Net sales 14,057 12,683 For the Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Segment Results Income from Operations Coffee Systems 1,316 1,446 Packaged Beverages 1,014 1,023 Beverage Concentrates 1,061 1,047 Latin America Beverages 158 133 Unallocated corporate costs (944) (755) Income from operations 2,605 2,894 
 
 COFFEE SYSTEMS 
 The following table provides selected information for our Coffee Systems segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net sales 4,982 4,716 266 5.6 Income from operations 1,316 1,446 (130) (9.0) Operating margin 26.4 30.7 (430) bps 
 Sales Volume. Inclusive of the impact of the 53rd week, K-Cup pod volume increased 1.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which reflected the segment s coffee recovery program to increase pod manufacturing output and rebuild finished goods inventories to satisfy consumer demand and restore customer service levels. Brewer volume decreased 5.2 in the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by the unfavorable comparison to brewer shipment growth of 10.0 in the prior year as appliance household penetration growth rates returned to expected long-term trends. 
 Net Sales. Net sales increased 5.6 to 4,982 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,716 million in the prior year, driven by favorable net price realization of 7.0 , partially offset by volume/mix declines of 0.8 and unfavorable FX translation of 0.6 . 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased 130 million, or 9.0 , to 1,316 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,446 million in the prior year, as a result of broad-based inflation, particularly in green coffee and packaging and increases in other operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by the benefits of net sales growth, productivity, favorable asset sale-leaseback activity of 44 million in the Coffee Systems segment associated with our strategic asset investment program and a business interruption insurance recovery. Operating margin declined 430 bps versus the prior year to 26.4 , primarily due to the aforementioned inflationary headwinds. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PACKAGED BEVERAGES 
 The following table provides selected information for our Packaged Beverages segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net sales 6,607 5,882 725 12.3 Income from operations 1,014 1,023 (9) (0.9) Operating margin 15.3 17.4 (210) bps 
 Sales Volume. Sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.5 compared to the prior year. Reductions in contract manufacturing more than offset growth in our branded portfolio, with strength in Motts, Core, Polar, Hawaiian Punch, and our CSD portfolio, partially offset by declines in Bai. 
 Net Sales. Net sales increased 12.3 to 6,607 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5,882 million in the prior year, driven by favorable net price realization of 12.1 and volume/mix growth of 0.3 , slightly offset by unfavorable FX translation of 0.1 . 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased 9 million, or 0.9 , to 1,014 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,023 million for the prior year, primarily driven by the 316 million non-cash impairment charges in the segment, predominantly related to Bai, which were partially offset by the gain on the settlement of litigation with BodyArmor of 271 million. Other offsetting factors included the benefits of net sales growth, productivity, and reduced restructuring and integration expense, partially offset by broad-based inflation, higher costs to serve the ongoing strong consumer demand, and the unfavorable year-over-year comparison in the Packaged Beverages segment of asset sale-leaseback activity associated with our strategic asset investment program. Operating margin declined 210 bps versus the prior year to 15.3 . 
 
 BEVERAGE CONCENTRATES 
 The following table provides selected information for our Beverage Concentrates segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net sales 1,725 1,486 239 16.1 Income from operations 1,061 1,047 14 1.3 Operating margin 61.5 70.5 (900) bps 
 Sales Volume. Sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.6 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by Dr Pepper and Canada Dry, partially offset by Schweppes and Crush. 
 Net Sales. Net sales increased 16.1 to 1,725 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,486 million in the prior year, reflecting higher net price realization of 14.7 and volume/mix growth of 1.7 , slightly offset by unfavorable FX translation effects of 0.3 . 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations increased 14 million, or 1.3 , to 1,061 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,047 million in the prior year. This performance reflected the impact of strong net sales growth, partially offset by the non-cash impairment charges in the segment of 161 million, led by Schweppes, broad-based inflation and costs associated with the start-up and operation of our new manufacturing facility. Operating margin decreased 900 bps versus the prior year to 61.5 . 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 LATIN AMERICA BEVERAGES 
 The following table provides selected information for our Latin America Beverages segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net sales 743 599 144 24.0 Income from operations 158 133 25 18.8 Operating margin 21.3 22.2 (90) bps 
 Sales Volume. Sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7.2 versus the prior year, driven by strong in-market execution across the segment s portfolio, with particular strength in Pe afiel and Squirt. 
 Net Sales. Net sales grew 24.0 to 743 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 599 million in the prior year, reflecting favorable net price realization of 13.9 , volume/mix growth of 9.1 , and favorable FX translation of 1.0 . 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations increased 25 million, or 18.8 , to 158 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 133 million in the prior year, driven by the benefits of net sales growth and productivity, partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, logistics and operating costs associated with incremental volumes, and increased marketing expense. Operating margin decreased 90 bps versus the prior year to 21.3 . 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Overview 
 We believe our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. We continue to manage all aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing cost management strategies through our productivity initiatives, and developing new opportunities for growth such as innovation and agreements with partners to distribute brands that are accretive to our portfolio. 
 The following summarizes our cash activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents decreased 33 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of our investment in Nutrabolt, offset by proceeds from the cash settlement with BodyArmor. 
 Cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the U.S. periodically as working capital funding requirements where allowed. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future . 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, in April 2022, we chose to undertake our 2022 Strategic Refinancing, issuing approximately 3 billion of senior unsecured notes and using the net proceeds to voluntarily prepay and retire several tranches of existing senior unsecured notes with higher interest rates, which reduced our overall interest payments and our annual cash requirements. As part of this transaction, we additionally unwound approximately 1.5 billion of notional amount of our outstanding designated forward starting swaps and received cash proceeds of approximately 125 million. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the 2022 strategic refinancing initiative. 
 
 Principal Sources of Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations and borrowing capacity currently available under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. Additionally, we have an uncommitted commercial paper program where we can issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis. Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. To the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity - Operations 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 37 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by the decrease in net income adjusted for non-cash items and the impact of the change in working capital. 
 
 Cash Conversion Cycle 
 Our cash conversion cycle is defined as DIO and DSO less DPO. The calculation of each component of the cash conversion cycle is provided below: 
 Component Calculation (on a trailing twelve month basis) DIO (Average inventory divided by cost of sales) Number of days in the period DSO (Accounts receivable divided by net sales) Number of days in the period DPO (Accounts payable Number of days in the period) divided by cost of sales and SG A expenses 
 The following table summarizes our cash conversion cycle. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 DIO 68 58 DSO 39 33 DPO 167 160 Cash conversion cycle (60) (69) 
 Our cash conversion cycle increased 9 days to approximately (60) days as of December 31, 2022 as compared to (69) days as of December 31, 2021. The increases in DSO and DPO were primarily driven by rising inflation during the year, and the increase in DIO reflects our efforts to restore inventory to meet customer service levels. 
 Accounts Payable Program 
 As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. We also enter into agreements with third party administrators to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. Suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. We have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. 
 We have been informed by the third party administrators that as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by the supplier and sold to financial institutions. The amounts settled through the program and paid to the financial institutions were 3,935 million, 3,331 million and 2,770 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Impact of the CARES Act 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, we deferred payments of employer-related payroll taxes as allowed under the CARES Act. Payment of at least 50 of the deferred amount was due on January 3, 2022, with the remainder due by January 3, 2023. We deferred a total of 59 million in such payments since the CARES Act was implemented, and we timely paid approximately 30 million as of January 3, 2022 and the remainder as of January 3, 2023. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity - Financing 
 In February 2022, we terminated our 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement and our KDP Revolver and replaced them with the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, which provides for a 4 billion revolving credit facility. 
 In April 2022, we undertook our 2022 Strategic Refinancing and issued a 3 billion aggregate face value of Notes, consisting of the 2029 Notes, the 2032 Notes, and the 2052 Notes. The proceeds from the issuance were used to voluntarily prepay and retire the remaining 2023 Merger Notes and to tender portions of the 2025 Merger Notes, the 2028 Merger Notes, the 2038 Merger Notes, and the 2048 Merger Notes. 
 
 We have a commercial paper program, under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of million. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of million outstanding. 
 We also have an active shelf registration statement, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022, which allows us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants from time to time in one or more offerings at the direction of our Board of Directors. 
 Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for management's discussion of our financing arrangements. 
 Sources of Liquidity - Asset Sale-Leaseback Transactions 
 We have leveraged our strategic asset investment program to create value from certain assets to enable reinvestment in KDP. These transactions are accounted for as sale-leaseback transactions. We received 168 million, 102 million, and 200 million of net cash proceeds from our strategic asset investment program during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are included in Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Debt Ratings 
 As of December 31, 2022, our credit ratings were as follows: 
 Rating Agency Long-Term Debt Rating Commercial Paper Rating Outlook Date of Last Change Moody's Baa2 P-2 Stable February 26, 2021 S P BBB A-2 Stable April 19, 2022 
 These debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. A downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we have no reason to believe that we will be unable to satisfy these covenants. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 LIBOR Considerations 
 In 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that LIBOR will no longer be published after 2021. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee selected the SOFR as the preferred alternative reference rate to LIBOR. Certain LIBOR tenors will continue to be published through June 30, 2023. 
 We have a number of financing arrangements which incorporate LIBOR as a benchmark rate and which extend past 2022. The agreements related to such financing arrangements use LIBOR tenors which will continue to be published through June 30, 2023. Additionally, these agreements contain provisions for alternative reference rates. We do not expect a significant change to our cost of debt as a result of the transition from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate. 
 
 Principal Uses of Capital Resources 
 Over the past several years, our principal uses of our capital resources were deleveraging, providing shareholder return to our investors through regular quarterly dividends, and investing in KDP to capture market share and drive growth through innovation and routes to market. 
 Now that we have met our post-merger goals, we plan to further reduce our leverage ratio. We also plan to invest in inorganic value creation through M A, including portfolio expansion, distribution scale, geographic expansion, and new capabilities. In addition to M A, we have repurchased shares of our outstanding common stock, as described below. 
 Deleveraging and Other Debt Repayments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made net debt repayments of 115 million, primarily driven by the redemption and retirement of the remainder of our 2023 Merger Notes and 2038 Notes, as well as the tender of portions of the 2025 Merger Notes, the 2028 Merger Notes, the 2038 Merger Notes, and the 2048 Merger Notes. 
 Regular Quarterly Dividends 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have declared total dividends of 0.775 per share, versus per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 Our Board authorized a four-year share repurchase program of up to 4 billion of our outstanding common stock potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. We repurchased and retired million of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We are investing in state-of-the-art manufacturing and warehousing facilities, including expansive investments in facilities in Newbridge, Ireland; Spartanburg, South Carolina; and Allentown, Pennsylvania, in 2022 and 2021, in order to optimize our supply chain network. 
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures, which includes both purchases of property, plant and equipment and amounts included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 primarily related to the manufacturing and warehousing facilities discussed above. Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which primarily related to these investments. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 From time to time, we expect to invest in beverage startup companies or in brand ownership companies to grow our presence in certain product categories, or enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. Our investments in beverage startup companies generally involve acquiring a minority interest in equity securities of a company, in certain cases with a protected path to ownership at our future option. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 972 million in exchange for equity interests in Nutrabolt, Tractor and Athletic Brewing. 
 Purchases of Intangible Assets 
 We have invested in the expansion of our DSD network through transactions with strategic independent bottlers to ensure competitive distribution scale for our brands. From time to time, we additionally acquire brand ownership companies to expand our portfolio. These transactions are generally accounted for as an asset acquisition, as the majority of the transaction price represents the acquisition of an intangible asset. Purchases of intangible assets were 45 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 RESIDUAL VALUE GUARANTEES 
 We have a number of leasing arrangements and one licensing arrangement with special purpose entities associated with the same sponsor. Each one of these arrangements contain a residual value guarantee. As of December 31, 2022, we have not recorded any liabilities as it is not probable that we will have to make any payments required under the residual value guarantee. Refer to Note 19 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 UNCERTAINTIES AND TRENDS AFFECTING LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by inflation due to global economic uncertainty and the associated rise in interest rates, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials. 
 Customer and consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by the risk factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC, that could have a material effect on production, delivery and consumption of our products, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. 
 We believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity: 
 Our ability to either repay existing debt maturities through cash flow from operations or refinance through future issuances of senior unsecured notes; 
 Our ability to access and/or renew our committed financing arrangements ; 
 A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit i) our ability to issue debt at terms that are favorable to us, or ii) a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions, which could impact our accounts payable program; 
 Our continued payment of regular quarterly dividends; 
 Future opportunistic repurchases of our common stock or special dividends to drive total shareholder return; 
 Our continued capital expenditures; 
 Future equity investments; 
 Seasonality of our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity; 
 Our ability to issue unsecured uncommitted commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of million; 
 Future mergers or acquisitions, which may include brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage; and 
 Fluctuations in our tax obligations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. These estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. We have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies. 
 Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 
 We conduct tests for impairment of our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. If the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For purposes of impairment testing, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination, and we also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. 
 Effective January 1, 2021, we modified our internal reporting and operating segments to reflect changes in the executive leadership team to further enhance speed-to-market and decision effectiveness. Although this did not change our reportable segments, our reporting units and operating segments were redefined. For 2022 and 2021, we defined our six reporting units as follows: 
 Reportable Segments Reporting Units Packaged Beverages DSD WD Coffee Systems Coffee Systems Beverage Concentrates Branded Concentrates Fountain Foodservice Latin America Beverages Latin America Beverages 
 For both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a Step 0 analysis. If a quantitative analysis is required, the following would be required: 
 The impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded. 
 The impairment tests for goodwill include comparing fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges. 
 As of October 1, 2022, we performed a quantitative analysis for goodwill and certain indefinite lived brand assets, whereby we used an income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. We performed a qualitative Step 0 analysis for other indefinite lived intangible assets, including certain brands, trade names, contractual arrangements, and distribution rights. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. These assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical assumptions for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance over the next five year period, as well as an appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate, as applicable. Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. Long-term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry growth and the long-term economic growth potential. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides the range of rates used in the analysis as of October 1, 2022: 
 Rate Minimum Maximum Discount rates Long-term growth rates 
 The following table shows the non-cash impairment charges that were recorded for the years presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Non cash-impairment charges for indefinite lived brand assets 67 
 Sensitivity Analysis - Discount Rate 
 For goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50 increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of October 1, 2022, would not change our conclusion. 
 For the indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50 increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of those brands as of October 1, 2022, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of those brands as follows (in millions): 
 Selected Discount Rate Discount Rate Increase of 0.50 Headroom Percentage Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value Brands 0 (1) 
 2,710 2,537 Less than 25 1,612 1,799 26 - 50 2,351 3,446 In excess of 50 12,497 22,797 
 (1) Carrying value reflects the results of the annual impairment analysis recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Sensitivity Analysis - Long-Term Growth Rate 
 For goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50 decrease in the long-term growth rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of October 1, 2022, would not change our conclusion. 
 For the indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50 decrease in the long-term revenue growth rate used to determine the fair value of those brands as of October 1, 2022, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of those brands as follows (in millions): 
 Selected Long-Term Growth Rate Long-Term Growth Rate Decrease of 0.50 Headroom Percentage Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value Brands 0 (1) 
 2,396 2,271 Less than 25 1,926 2,153 26 - 50 2,351 3,515 In excess of 50 12,497 23,257 
 (1) Carrying value reflects the results of the annual impairment analysis recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our impairment assessments. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Accruals for customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends. 
 Our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. Our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. Differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined. 
 Additionally, judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our SG A expenses. 
 A 10 change in the accrual for our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs would have affected our income from operations by 50 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Income Taxes 
 We establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: 
 the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained, 
 the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or 
 the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. 
 Our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions. 
 Our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. As these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. 
 We also assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized. We base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. 
 If results differ from our assumptions, a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may be increased or decreased which would impact our effective tax rate. 
 Business Combinations 
 We record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. All of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 The application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. The fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. Significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable. 
 If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in the Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets critical accounting estimate section above. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 EFFECT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of U.S. GAAP . 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"), as defined in the indentures governing the Notes. The Guarantors are 100 owned either directly or indirectly by us and jointly and severally guarantee, subject to the release provisions described below, our obligations under the Notes. None of our subsidiaries organized outside of the U.S., immaterial subsidiaries used for charitable purposes, any of the subsidiaries held by Maple Parent Holdings Corp. prior to the DPS Merger or any of the subsidiaries acquired after the DPS Merger (collectively, the "Non-Guarantors") guarantee the Notes. The subsidiary guarantees with respect to the Notes are subject to release upon the occurrence of certain events, including the sale of all or substantially all of a subsidiary's assets, the release of the subsidiary's guarantee of our other indebtedness, our exercise of the legal defeasance option with respect to the Notes and the discharge of our obligations under the applicable indenture. 
 The following schedules present the summarized financial information for the Parent and the Guarantors on a combined basis after intercompany eliminations; the Parent and the Guarantors' amounts due from; amounts due to, and transactions with Non-Guarantors are disclosed separately. The consolidating schedules are provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of Rule 13-01 under SEC Regulation S-X for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries. 
 The summarized financial information for the Parent and Guarantors were as follows: 
 (in millions) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net sales 8,242 Income from operations 1,008 Net income attributable to KDP 1,436 
 December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Current assets 1,712 1,594 Non-current assets 45,721 43,972 Total assets (1) 
 47,433 45,566 Current liabilities 4,797 3,470 Non-current liabilities 17,463 17,125 Total liabilities (2) 
 22,260 20,595 
 (1) Includes 3 million and 209 million of intercompany receivables due to the Parent and Guarantors from the Non-Guarantors as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes 1,186 million and 40 million of intercompany payables due to the Non-Guarantors from the Parent and Guarantors as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 To supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have presented for certain constant currency adjusted or adjusted financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-GAAP financial measures in the same way. The non-GAAP financial measures are not substitutes for their comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, such as income from operations, net income, diluted EPS or other measures prescribed by U.S. GAAP, and there are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures. We use these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to U.S. GAAP financial measures, to evaluate our operating and financial performance and to compare such performance to that of prior periods and to the performance of our competitors. Additionally, we use these non-GAAP financial measures in making operational and financial decisions and in our budgeting and planning process. We believe that providing these non-GAAP financial measures to investors helps investors evaluate our operating performance, profitability and business trends in a way that is consistent with how management evaluates such performance and consistent with guidance previously provided by us. The non-GAAP measures are defined as follows: 
 Adjusted : Defined as certain financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability. 
 Items affecting comparability : Defined as certain items that are excluded for comparison to prior year periods, adjusted for the tax impact as applicable. Tax impact is determined based upon an approximate rate for each item. For each period, management adjusts for (i) the unrealized mark-to-market impact of derivative instruments not designated as hedges in accordance with U.S. GAAP that do not have an offsetting risk reflected within the financial results, as well as the unrealized mark-to-market impact of our Vita Coco investment; (ii) the amortization associated with definite-lived intangible assets; (iii) the amortization of the deferred financing costs associated with the DPS Merger; (iv) the amortization of the fair value adjustment of the senior unsecured notes obtained as a result of the DPS Merger; (v) stock compensation expense and the associated windfall tax benefit attributable to the matching awards made to employees who made an initial investment in KDP; (vi) non-cash changes in deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of tax rate or apportionment changes; and (vii) other certain items that are excluded for comparison purposes to prior year periods. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters, specifically the antitrust litigation; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt; (v) incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which were incurred to either maintain the health and safety of our front-line employees or temporarily increase compensation to such employees to ensure essential operations continue during the pandemic; (vi) the gain on the sale of our investment in BodyArmor as a result of the settlement of the associated holdback liability; (vii) the gain on the settlement of our prior litigation with BodyArmor, excluding recoveries of previously incurred litigation expenses which were included in our adjusted results; (viii) losses recognized with respect to our equity method investment in Bedford as a result of funding our share of their wind-down costs; (ix) transaction costs for significant business combinations (completed or abandoned); (x) foundational projects, which are transformative and non-recurring in nature; and (xi) impairments recognized on certain intangible brand assets. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt; (v) incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic; (vi) gains from insurance recoveries related to the February 2019 organized malware attack on our business operation networks in the Coffee Systems segment; (vii) the gain on the sale of our investment in BodyArmor; (viii) impairment recognized on our equity method investment with Bedford as a result of funding our share of their wind-down costs; and (ix) transaction costs for significant business combinations (completed or abandoned). 
 Constant currency adjusted : Defined as certain financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability, calculated on a constant currency basis by converting our current period local currency financial results using the prior period foreign currency exchange rates. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the supplemental financial data set forth below includes reconciliations of adjusted and constant currency adjusted financial measures to the applicable financial measure presented in the consolidated financial statements for the same period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 RECONCILIATION OF CERTAIN REPORTED ITEMS TO CERTAIN NON-GAAP ADJUSTED ITEMS 
 (Unaudited, in millions, except per share and percentages) 

Cost of sales Gross profit Gross margin Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Gain on litigation settlement Other operating income, net Income from operations Operating margin For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Reported 6,734 7,323 52.1 4,645 477 ) (105) 2,605 18.5 Items Affecting Comparability: Mark to market (120) 120 (30) 150 Amortization of intangibles (138) 138 Stock compensation (5) 5 Restructuring and integration costs (170) (2) 172 Productivity (116) 116 (114) 230 Impairment of intangible assets (477) 477 Non-routine legal matters (13) 13 COVID-19 (9) 9 (5) 14 Gain on litigation 271 (271) Transaction costs (1) 1 Foundational projects (4) 4 Adjusted 6,489 7,568 53.8 4,165 (28) (107) 3,538 25.2 Impact of foreign currency Constant currency adjusted 53.8 25.2 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Reported 5,706 6,977 55.0 4,153 (70) 2,894 22.8 Items Affecting Comparability: Mark to market 32 (32) 25 (57) Amortization of intangibles (134) 134 Stock compensation (18) 18 Restructuring and integration costs (202) 202 Productivity (72) 72 (91) 163 Non-routine legal matters (30) 30 COVID-19 (26) 26 (11) 37 Transaction costs (2) 2 Malware incident 2 (2) Adjusted 5,640 7,043 55.5 3,692 (70) 3,421 27.0 
 Refer to page 46 for reconciliations of reported net sales to constant currency net sales and adjusted income from operations to constant currency adjusted income from operations. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 RECONCILIATION OF CERTAIN REPORTED ITEMS TO CERTAIN NON-GAAP ADJUSTED ITEMS 
 (Unaudited, in millions, except per share and percentages) 

Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on sale of equity method investment Impairment of investments and note receivable Other expense (income), net Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate Net income attributable to KDP Diluted earnings per share For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Reported ) 1,719 16.5 1,436 Items Affecting Comparability: Mark to market (249) 4 395 93 302 0.21 Amortization of intangibles 138 35 103 0.07 Amortization of deferred financing costs (2) 2 2 Amortization of fair value debt adjustment (19) 19 4 15 0.01 Stock compensation 5 (1) 6 Restructuring and integration costs 172 41 131 0.09 Productivity 230 56 174 0.12 Impairment of intangible assets 477 126 351 0.25 Impairment of investment (12) 12 3 9 0.01 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (217) 217 51 166 0.12 Non-routine legal matters 13 3 10 0.01 COVID-19 14 4 10 0.01 Gain on litigation (271) (68) (203) (0.14) Gain on sale of equity-method investment 50 (50) (12) (38) (0.03) Transaction costs 1 1 Foundational projects 4 1 3 Change in deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets 80 (80) (0.06) Adjusted 423 18 3,097 700 22.6 2,398 1.68 Impact of foreign currency Constant currency adjusted 22.6 
 Diluted earnings per common share may not foot due to rounding. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 RECONCILIATION OF CERTAIN REPORTED ITEMS TO CERTAIN NON-GAAP ADJUSTED ITEMS 
 (Unaudited, in millions, except per share and percentages) 

Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on sale of equity method investment Impairment of investments and note receivable Other expense (income), net Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate Net income attributable to KDP Diluted earnings per share For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Reported 500 105 ) 17 (2) 2,798 653 23.3 2,146 Items Affecting Comparability: Mark to market 6 (6) (57) (13) (44) (0.03) Amortization of intangibles 134 31 103 0.07 Amortization of deferred financing costs (7) 7 2 5 Amortization of fair value of debt adjustment (19) 19 5 14 0.01 Stock compensation 18 15 3 Restructuring and integration costs 202 47 155 0.11 Productivity 163 40 123 0.09 Impairment of investment (17) 17 (45) 62 0.04 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (105) 105 24 81 0.06 Non-routine legal matters 30 7 23 0.01 COVID-19 37 9 28 0.02 Gain on sale of equity-method investment 524 (524) (124) (400) (0.28) Transaction costs 2 2 Malware incident (2) (2) Change in deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets 19 (19) (0.01) Adjusted 480 (8) 2,949 670 22.7 2,280 1.60 Change - adjusted (11.9) 5.2 5.0 Impact of foreign currency 0.2 Change - constant currency adjusted (11.9) 5.4 5.0 
 Diluted earnings per common share may not foot due to rounding. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 RECONCILIATION OF CERTAIN REPORTED SEGMENT MEASURES 
 TO CERTAIN NON-GAAP ADJUSTED AND CURRENCY NEUTRAL ADJUSTED SEGMENT MEASURES 
 (Unaudited) 

 (in millions) Reported Items Affecting Comparability Adjusted For the year ended December 31, 2022 Income from operations Coffee Systems 198 1,514 Packaged Beverages 119 1,133 Beverage Concentrates 173 1,234 Latin America Beverages 4 162 Unallocated corporate costs ) 439 (505) Total income from operations 2,605 933 3,538 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Income from operations Coffee Systems 197 1,643 Packaged Beverages 99 1,122 Beverage Concentrates 11 1,058 Latin America Beverages 2 135 Unallocated corporate costs ) 218 (537) Total income from operations 2,894 527 3,421 
 
 Reported Impact of Foreign Currency Constant Currency For the year ended December 31, 2022 Net sales Coffee Systems 5.6 0.6 6.2 Packaged Beverages 12.3 0.1 12.4 Beverage Concentrates 16.1 0.3 16.4 Latin America Beverages 24.0 (1.0) 23.0 Total net sales 10.8 0.3 11.1 
 Adjusted Impact of Foreign Currency Constant Currency Adjusted For the year ended December 31, 2022 Income from operations Coffee Systems (7.9) 0.4 (7.5) Packaged Beverages 1.0 0.2 1.2 Beverage Concentrates 16.6 0.3 16.9 Latin America Beverages 20.0 (1.5) 18.5 Total income from operations 3.4 0.3 3.7 
 Reported Items Affecting Comparability Adjusted Impact of Foreign Currency Constant Currency Adjusted For the year ended December 31, 2022 Operating margin Coffee Systems 26.4 4.0 30.4 (0.1) 30.3 Packaged Beverages 15.3 1.8 17.1 0.1 17.2 Beverage Concentrates 61.5 10.0 71.5 71.5 Latin America Beverages 21.3 0.5 21.8 (0.1) 21.7 Total operating margin 18.5 6.7 25.2 25.2 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 CONSTANT CURRENCY ADJUSTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented on a constant currency adjusted basis. These adjusted financial results are calculated on a constant currency basis by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period FX rates. 
 Consolidated Operations 
 Constant Currency Net Sales. Constant currency net sales increased 11.1 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, driven by favorable net price realization of 10.6 and volume/mix growth of 0.5 . 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Income from Operations. Constant currency adjusted income from operations increased 3.7 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by the strong growth in net sales and the benefit of productivity. These benefits were partially offset by the impact of broad-based inflation and increases in other operating costs. 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Interest Expense. Constant currency adjusted interest expense decreased 11.9 compared to the prior year, driven by reduced interest expense on our senior unsecured notes as a result of our strategic refinancing initiatives. 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Effective Tax Rate. The c onstant currency adjusted effective tax rate was 22.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 22.7 for the prior year, primarily driven by our incremental income in low tax jurisdictions in the current year, mostly offset by the unfavorable comparison to the tax benefit received in the prior year from the release of our valuation allowance against our U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Net Income Attributable to KDP. Constant currency adjusted net income attributable to KDP increased 5.4 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by income from operations growth and lower interest expense. 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Diluted EPS. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased approximately 5.0 over the prior year. 
 Results of Operations by Segment 
 COFFEE SYSTEMS 
 Constant Currency Net Sales. Constant currency net sales increased 6.2 , driven by higher net price realization of 7.0 , partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix of 0.8 . 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Income from Operations. Constant currency adjusted income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 7.5 compared to the prior year period, as a result of broad-based inflation, particularly in green coffee and increases in other operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by the benefits of net sales growth, productivity, favorable asset sale-leaseback activity in the Coffee Systems segment associated with our strategic asset investment program and a business interruption insurance recovery. 
 PACKAGED BEVERAGES 
 Constant Currency Net Sales. Constant currency net sales increased 12.4 , reflecting favorable net price realization of 12.1 and volume/mix growth of 0.3 . 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Income from Operations. Constant currency adjusted income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.2 compared to the prior year period, driven by the benefits of net sales growth and increased productivity. These benefits were partially offset by broad-based inflation, higher costs to serve the ongoing strong consumer demand, and the unfavorable year-over-year comparison in the Packaged Beverages segment of asset sale-leaseback activity associated with our strategic asset investment program. 
 BEVERAGE CONCENTRATES 
 Constant Currency Net Sales. Constant currency net sales increased 16.4 , reflecting higher net price realization of 14.7 and volume/mix growth of 1.7 . 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Income from Operations. Constant currency adjusted income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 16.9 compared to the prior year period. This performance reflected the impact of net sales growth, partially offset by costs associated with the operation of our new manufacturing facility in Newbridge, Ireland. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 LATIN AMERICA BEVERAGES 
 Constant Currency Net Sales. Constant currency net sales increased 23.0 , driven by favorable net price realization of 13.9 and volume/mix growth of 9.1 . 
 Constant Currency Adjusted Income from Operations. Constant currency adjusted income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 18.5 compared to the prior year period, driven by the benefits of net sales growth and productivity, partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, logistics and operating costs associated with incremental volumes, and increased marketing expense. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market rates and prices, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. We regularly enter into derivatives or other financial instruments to hedge or mitigate commercial risks. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculation, investing or trading. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our derivative instruments. 
 FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK 
 The majority of our net sales, expenses and capital purchases are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, we have exposure with respect to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Our primary exposure to foreign exchange rates is the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and the Euro against the U.S. dollar. Exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized as transaction gains or losses in earnings as incurred. 
 We use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to manage a portion of our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had derivative contracts outstanding with notional values of 1,001 million maturing at various dates through October 2024. The fair value of foreign currency derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of 19 million as of December 31, 2022, and the impact of a 10 change (up or down) in exchange rates is estimated to increase or decrease the fair value by approximately 50 million. The fair value of foreign currency derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of 16 million as of December 31, 2022, and the impact of a 10 change (up or down) in exchange rates is estimated to increase or decrease the fair value by approximately 50 million. Any increase or decrease in the value of the foreign currency derivatives would have an approximately offsetting change in the underlying hedged risk. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 We centrally manage our debt portfolio through the use of interest rate contracts and monitor our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our fixed-rate debt, excluding lease obligations, was 11,568 million and our variable-rate debt was 399 million, comprised entirely of commercial paper. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the total notional value of receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps was 1,900 million. Our variable-rate derivative instruments are generally based on SOFR and a credit spread. 
 We estimate that the potential impact to our interest rate expense associated with variable rate debt and derivative instruments resulting from a hypothetical interest rate change of 1 , based on variable-rate debt and derivative instrument levels as of December 31, 2022, would be an increase or decrease of approximately 23 million. Our estimate of the annual impact to interest expense reflects our assumption that SOFR will not fall below 0 . 
 COMMODITY RISK 
 We are subject to market risks with respect to commodities because our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. Our principal commodities risks relate to our purchases of coffee beans, PET, aluminum, diesel fuel, corn (for high fructose corn syrup), apple juice concentrate, sucrose and natural gas (for use in processing and packaging). 
 We utilize commodities derivative instruments and supplier pricing agreements to hedge the risk of movements in commodity prices for limited time periods for certain commodities. As of December 31, 2022, we had derivative contracts outstanding with a notional value of 754 million maturing at various dates through April 2024. The fair market value of these contracts as of December 31, 2022 was a net liability of 45 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the impact of a 10 change (up or down) in market prices for these commodities where the risk of movements has not been hedged is estimated to have a 42 million impact to our income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Page Number Reports of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
 59 
 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 60 
 3. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 69 
 4. Long-Term Obligations and Borrowing Arrangements 
 71 
 5. Derivatives 
 74 
 6. Leases 
 78 
 7. Segments 
 80 
 8. Revenue Recognition 
 82 
 9. Earnings per Share 
 82 
 10. Employee Benefit Plans 
 83 
 11. Stock-Based Compensation 
 88 
 12. Investments and Acquisitions 
 90 
 13. Income Taxes 
 91 
 14. Restructuring and Integration Costs 
 94 
 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 95 
 16. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 95 
 17. Other Financial Information 
 96 
 18. Commitments and Contingencies 
 98 
 19. Transactions with Variable Interest Entities 
 100 
 20. Related Parties 
 101 

49 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Valuation - Certain Brand Assets - Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 3, the Company has indefinite-lived brand intangible assets brand assets with a balance of million as of December 31, 2022. Management recognized non-cash impairment losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s evaluation of the brand assets for impairment is performed annually as of October 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable and involves the comparison of the fair value of each brand asset to its carrying value. Management estimates the fair value of the brand assets using a multi-period excess earnings method, which is a specific discounted cash flow method. The fair value determination of these assets requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth projections, operating margins, and discount rates. Each of these assumptions is sensitive to future market or industry conditions, as well as company-specific conditions. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of certain indefinite-lived brand intangible assets certain brand assets that have a lower headroom percentage, the amount of any impairment, or both. Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of certain brand assets, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort were required to perform audit procedures that evaluated the timing and reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures consisted of risk assessment and testing the timing of management s impairment assessment and the underlying business and valuation assumptions for certain brand assets. Those procedures included, but were not limited to, the following: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Company s indefinite-lived brand intangible asset impairment review process, including annual and interim controls when circumstances indicated that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s ability to forecast revenue growth and operating margins by comparing the forecasts to: 
 Historical revenue and operating margins. 
 Underlying analysis of business strategies and growth plans. 
 Internal communication to senior management. 
 Forecasted information in industry reports. 
 Historical and forecasted peer data. 
 We considered the impact of changes in management's forecast from the October 1, 2022 annual assessment date to December 31, 2022. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and discount rates, including testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the discount rates selected by management. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 
 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Gain on litigation settlement ) Other operating income, net ) ) ) Income from operations Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on sale of equity method investment ) ) Impairment of investments and note receivable Other expense (income), net ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income including non-controlling interest Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income attributable to KDP 
 Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income including non-controlling interest Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net change in pension and post-retirement liability, net of tax of , , and , respectively 
 ) ) Net change in cash flow hedges, net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive income attributable to KDP 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in millions, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Deferred tax assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Structured payables Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term obligations Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term obligations Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders' equity Non-controlling interest ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income attributable to KDP 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of intangibles Other amortization expense Provision for sales returns Deferred income taxes ) ) Employee stock-based compensation expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on sale of equity method investment ) ) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign currency ) Unrealized loss (gain) on derivatives ) Settlements of interest rate contracts Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates Impairment of intangible assets Impairment on investments and note receivable of unconsolidated affiliates Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Income taxes receivable and payables, net ) ) Other current and non current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other current and non current liabilities Net change in operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of investment in unconsolidated affiliates Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of intangibles ) ) ) Issuance of related party note receivable ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Notes Repayment of Notes ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of commercial paper Repayments of commercial paper ) ) ) Proceeds from KDP Revolver Repayment of KDP Revolver ) Repayments of term loan ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from structured payables Payments on structured payables ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements ) ) Payments on finance leases ) ) ) Proceeds from controlling shareholder stock transactions Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change from: Operating, investing and financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) ) Beginning of period End of period Non-cash investing activities: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Transaction costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Conversion of note receivable to equity method investment Non-cash acquisition of controlling interest Non-cash purchases of intangibles Non-cash financing activities: Dividends declared but not yet paid Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Equity (in millions) Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of stock by JAB Non-cash acquisition of controlling interest Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2020 Net income ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other Tax withholdings related to net share settlements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other Tax withholdings related to net share settlements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

59 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

Packaged Beverages Beverage Concentrates Latin America Beverages Unallocated corporate costs ) ) ) ) Income from operations 
 
 2. 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Charges to (reversals of) bad debt expense ) Write-offs and adjustments ) ) ) Balance, end of the period 
 The majority of the Company's customers are located in the U.S. and Canada. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers in various channels comprising the Company's customer base. Walmart is a major customer as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as described in Note 7. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Walmart accounted for approximately million and million of trade receivables, respectively, which exceeded 10 of the Company's total trade accounts receivabl e. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

to years Machinery and equipment to years Cold drink equipment to years Computer software to years 
 Leasehold improvements, which are primarily considered building improvements, are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the assets or the lease term. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when warranted, are updated. 
 impairment loss related to these assets. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million. Impairment loss is recorded in Other operating income, net, 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

years Customer relationships to years Trade names years Distribution rights to years Brands years Contractual arrangements to years 
 For intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment are performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company conducts tests for impairment annually on the first day of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 The tests for impairment include significant judgment in estimating the fair value of reporting units and intangible assets. Management's estimates of fair value, which fall under Level 3 and are non-recurring, are based on historical and forecasted revenues and profit performance and discount rates. Fair value is based on what the reporting units and intangible assets would be worth to a third party market participant. Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. 
 Goodwill is assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. A reporting unit is the same as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. KDP's six reporting units are as follows: 
 Reportable Segments Reporting Units Packaged Beverages DSD WD Coffee Systems Coffee Systems Beverage Concentrates Branded Concentrates Fountain Foodservice Latin America Beverages Latin America Beverages 
 If the carrying value of the reporting unit or intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge will be recorded in current earnings for the difference up to the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible asset recorded. Refer to Note 3 for additional information. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

million and million, respectively, of KDP's outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by the supplier and sold to financial institutions. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

66 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 million, million and million of transportation and warehousing costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts, which primarily relate to shipping and handling costs, are recorded in SG A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising and marketing expenses are recorded in SG A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Prepaid advertising and marketing costs are recorded as Other current and Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses are recorded primarily in SG A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

68 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

3. 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER THAN GOODWILL 
 Trade names Contractual arrangements (2) 
 Distribution rights (3) 
 Total 
 (1) million , led by Bai and Schweppes, and million of FX translation during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Impairment Analysis below. 
 (2) 
 (3) The Company executed seven agreements to acquire distribution rights during the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in an increase of million. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Trade names (1) 
 ) ) Brands (2) 
 ) ) Distribution rights ) ) Contractual arrangements ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) million with an estimated useful life of five years. This increase was partially offset by impairment expense recognized through accumulated amortization of million on a definite lived brand asset. 

Annual analysis Total impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets 
 Quarterly Triggering Event Analysis 
 The Company performed an analysis as of September 30, 2022 to evaluate whether any triggering events occurred during the third quarter of 2022. Management identified specific performance and margin challenges for Bai and performed a Step 1 quantitative discounted cash flow analysis using the income approach. As a result of this analysis, KDP recorded an impairment charge of million in the Packaged Beverages segment. 
 Annual Analysis 
 For both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, KDP has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a Step 0 analysis. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, KDP performed a Step 0 analysis for certain indefinite lived intangible assets, including trade names, contractual arrangements and distribution rights and did not identify any indicators of impairment. For goodwill and the primary indefinite-lived brands, KDP performed a quantitative analysis, using the income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of the Company's assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Long-term growth rates Royalty rates (1) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) 
 The primary factors that led to the brand impairment determination in the fourth quarter of 2022, driven primarily by Schweppes, was the change in the macroeconomic environment leading to increases in discount rates, as shown in the table above, as well as supply chain disruptions within third-party distribution networks. 
 The factors that led to the Bai brand impairment determination in the fourth quarter of 2020 were primarily performance of the brand during the COVID-19 pandemic, related shifts in consumer behaviors that were expected to be other-than-temporary, and updated forecasts of brand performance based on a refined strategic vision to market and sell the product. 
 Less than 25 26 - 50 In excess of 50 

4. 
 Less: current portion of long-term obligations ) ) Long-term obligations 
 Current portion of long-term obligations: Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term obligations 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 2023 Notes December 15, 2023 2024 Notes March 15, 2024 2025 Merger Notes May 25, 2025 2025 Notes November 15, 2025 2026 Notes September 15, 2026 2027 Notes June 15, 2027 2028 Merger Notes May 25, 2028 2029 Notes April 15, 2029 2030 Notes May 1, 2030 2031 Notes March 15, 2031 2032 Notes April 15, 2032 2038 Notes May 1, 2038 2038 Merger Notes May 25, 2038 2045 Notes November 15, 2045 2046 Notes December 15, 2046 2048 Merger Notes May 25, 2048 2050 Notes May 1, 2050 2051 Notes March 15, 2051 2052 Notes April 15, 2052 Principal amount Adjustment from principal amount to carrying amount (1) 
 ) ) Carrying amount 
 
 On January 24, 2022, KDP redeemed and retired the remainder of its 2038 Notes. The loss on early extinguishment of the 2038 Notes was approximately million, comprised of the make-whole premium and the write-off of the associated unamortized fair value adjustment related to the DPS Merger. 
 On April 22, 2022, the Company undertook the 2022 Strategic Refinancing and completed the issuance of the 2029 Notes, the 2032 Notes, and the 2052 Notes. The discount associated with these notes was approximately million, and the Company incurred million in debt issuance costs. The proceeds from the issuance were used to voluntarily prepay and retire the remaining 2023 Merger Notes and to tender portions of the 2025 Merger Notes, the 2028 Merger Notes, the 2038 Merger Notes, and the 2048 Merger Notes. The Company recorded approximately million of loss on early extinguishment of debt, comprised of the tender and make-whole premiums, the write-off of debt issuance costs, and the impact of terminating reverse treasury lock contracts. 
 Notes, among other things, contain customary default provisions and limit the Company's ability to incur indebtedness secured by principal properties, to enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into certain mergers or transfers of substantially all of the Company's assets. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenant requirements of the Notes. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 million, comprised of termination fees and the write-off of the associated deferred financing fees. There were no amounts drawn upon the 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement or the KDP Revolver prior to termination. 
 Also on February 23, 2022, KDP entered into the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement among KDP, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase, Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Company incurred approximately million in deferred financing fees related to the issuance. 
 
 (1) million letters of credit available, of which were utilized as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement replaced the KDP Revolver and the 2021 364-Day Credit Agreement and the proceeds of the credit facility are intended to be used for working capital and for other general corporate purposes of KDP. 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at KDP's option, an adjusted SOFR rate plus a margin of to or a base rate plus a margin of to , in each case, depending on the rating of certain index debt of KDP. The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties for investment grade financings. 
 As of December 31, 2022, KDP was in compliance with its minimum interest coverage ratio relating to the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement . 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 KDP has a commercial paper program, under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of million. The maturities of the commercial paper notes vary, but commercial paper notes are classified as short-term, as maturities do not exceed one year. The Company issues commercial paper notes as needed for general corporate purposes. Outstanding commercial paper notes rank equally with all of the commercial paper notes' existing and future unsecured borrowings. 
 Weighted average borrowing rates 
 Letters of Credit Facility 
 In addition to the portion of the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement reserved for issuance of letters of credit, the Company has an incremental letters of credit facility. Under this facility, million is available for the issuance of letters of credit, million of which was utilized as of December 31, 2022 and million of which remains available for use. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 billion of notional amount of the forward starting swaps. Upon termination, KDP received million to settle the contracts with the counterparties, which will be amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the issued Notes. 
 On September 30, 2022, KDP de-designated million of notional amount of the forward starting swaps. As the forecasted debt transaction is still probable to occur, the fair value of the these instruments as of September 30, 2022 was recorded in AOCI. Changes in fair value of the these instruments from the point of de-designation will be recorded as unrealized gains or losses in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges have a mandatory termination date in May 2025. 
 FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
 KDP is exposed to foreign exchange risk in its international subsidiaries, which may transact in currencies that are different from the functional currencies of those subsidiaries. The balance sheets of each of these businesses are also subject to exposure from movements in exchange rates. 
 Economic Hedges 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, KDP held FX forward contracts to economically manage the balance sheet exposures resulting from changes in the FX exchange rates described above. The intent of these FX contracts is to minimize the impact of FX risk associated with balance sheet positions not in local currency. In these cases, a hedging relationship exists in which changes in the fair value of the instruments act as an economic offset to changes in the fair value of the underlying items. Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in earnings throughout the term of the derivative instrument and are reported in the same caption of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the associated risk. As of December 31, 2022, these FX contracts have maturities ranging from January 2023 to September 2024. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Forward starting swaps, not designated as hedging instruments Receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps, not designated as hedging instruments FX contracts Forward contracts, not designated as hedging instruments Forward contracts, designated as cash flow hedges Commodity contracts, not designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 
 (1) 
 FAIR VALUE OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 The fair values of commodity contracts, interest rate contracts and FX forward contracts are determined based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The fair value of commodity contracts are valued using the market approach based on observable market transactions, primarily underlying commodities futures or physical index prices, at the reporting date. Interest rate contracts are valued using models based primarily on readily observable market parameters, such as LIBOR or SOFR forward rates, for all substantial terms of the Company's contracts and credit risk of the counterparties. FX forward contracts are valued using quoted FX forward rates at the reporting date. Therefore, the Company has categorized these contracts as Level 2. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 FX forward contracts 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Commodity contracts 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Interest rate contracts 2 Other non-current assets FX forward contracts 2 Other non-current assets Commodity contracts 2 Other non-current assets Liabilities: Interest rate contracts 2 Other current liabilities FX forward contracts 2 Other current liabilities Commodity contracts 2 Other current liabilities Interest rate contracts 2 Other non-current liabilities FX forward contracts 2 Other non-current liabilities Commodity contracts 2 Other non-current liabilities 
 Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy and the location of the fair value of the Company's derivative instruments which are designated as hedging instruments within the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 December 31, (in millions) Balance Sheet Location 2022 2021 Assets: FX contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets FX contracts Other non-current assets Interest rate contracts Other non-current assets Liabilities: FX contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Other non-current liabilities 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 ) Interest rate contracts Loss on early extinguishment of debt FX forward contracts Cost of sales ) ) FX forward contracts Other expense (income), net ) Commodity contracts Cost of sales ) ) Commodity contracts SG A expenses ) ) 
 IMPACT OF CASH FLOW HEDGES 
 The following table presents the amount of (gains) losses, net, reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Income related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedging instruments during the periods presented: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (in millions) Income Statement Location 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) FX contracts Cost of sales 
 KDP expects to reclassify approximately million and million of pre-tax net gains from AOCI into net income during the next twelve months related to interest rate contracts and FX contracts, respectively. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 6. 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Variable lease cost (1) 
 Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 (1) 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Finance leases Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years 
 SCHEDULE OF FUTURE MINIMUM LEASE PAYMENTS 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 million. These leases will commence between 2023 and 2025, with initial lease terms ranging from to years. 
 ASSET SALE-LEASEBACK TRANSACTIONS 
 Transactions with Special Purpose Entities with Same Sponsor 
 The Company has entered into a number of asset sale-leaseback transactions with the same sponsor, the Veyron SPEs. The following table presents details of the transactions. Gains on the sale-leasebacks are recorded in Other operating income, net, and the leasebacks are accounted for as operating leases. 
 November 30, 2022 (2) 
 December 14, 2022 (3) 
 2021 December 29, 2021 (4) 
 2020 January 6, 2020 (5) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 The initial term of each leaseback is 15 years, with two 10-year renewal options. The renewal options are not reasonably assured as (i) the Company's position that the dynamic environment in which it operates precludes the Company's ability to be reasonably certain of exercising the renewal options in the distant future and (ii) the options are contingent on the Company remaining investment grade and no change-in-control as of the end of the lease term. Each leaseback has a RVG. Refer to Note 19 for additional information about RVGs associated with asset sale-leaseback transactions. 
 Others 
 The Company has additionally entered into an asset sale-leaseback transaction with another entity. The following table presents details of the transaction. The gain on the sale-leaseback is recorded in Other operating income, net, and the leaseback is accounted for as an operating lease. 
 
 (1) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 7. 
 Packaged Beverages Beverage Concentrates Latin America Beverages Total net sales Income from operations Coffee Systems Packaged Beverages Beverage Concentrates Latin America Beverages Unallocated corporate costs ) ) ) Income from operations 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Packaged Beverages Beverage Concentrates Latin America Beverages Segment total Unallocated corporate assets Total identifiable operating assets Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets 
 GEOGRAPHIC DATA 
 International Net sales 
 International Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 MAJOR CUSTOMER 
 Walmart is considered a major customer, accounting for more than 10 of the Company's total net sales, and is represented in all four of the Company s reportable segments. 
 
 Additionally, customers in the Company's Beverage Concentrates segment buy concentrate from the Company, which is used in finished goods sold by the Company's third party bottlers to Walmart. These indirect sales further increase the concentration of risk associated with the Company's consolidated net sales as it relates to Walmart. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 8. 
 NCB (1) 
 K-cup pods (2) 
 Appliances Other Net sales For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 CSD (1) 
 NCB (1) 
 K-cup pods (2) 
 Appliances Other Net sales For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 CSD (1) 
 NCB (1) 
 K-cup pods (2) 
 Appliances Other Net sales 
 (1) 

9. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Weighted average common shares outstanding and common stock equivalents Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 10. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial losses, net ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Impact of changes in FX rates Plan amendments Settlements ) ) Ending balance Fair Value of Plan Assets Beginning balance Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Ending balance Net liability recognized ) ) Non-current assets Current liability ) ) Non-current liability ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligations for the defined benefit pension plans were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The pension plan assets and the projected benefit obligations of KDP's U.S. pension plans represent approximately of the total plan assets and of the total projected benefit obligation of all plans combined as of December 31, 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Aggregate accumulated benefit obligation Aggregate fair value of plan assets 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Total net periodic benefit costs 
 The Company uses the corridor approach for amortization of actuarial gains or losses. The corridor is calculated as 10 of the greater of the plans projected benefit obligation or assets. The amortization period for plans with active participants is the average future service of covered active employees, and the amortization period for plans with no active participants is the average future lifetime of plan participants. The estimated service costs or net actuarial losses for the defined benefit pension plans amortized from AOCI into periodic benefit cost in 2023 are expected to be insignificant. 
 Prior service cost Total 
 Contributions and Expected Benefit Payments 
 The Company's contributions to its pension plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and its projected contributions for the year ended December 31, 2023, are insignificant. 
 
 Actuarial Assumptions 
 The Company's pension expense was calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions including discount rates, retirement age, mortality rates, compensation rate increases and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for pension benefits. 
 The discount rate that was utilized for determining the Company s projected benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as projected 2023 net periodic benefit cost, for U.S. plans was selected based upon an interest rate yield curve. The yield curve is constructed based on the yields of a large number of U.S. Aa rated bonds as of December 31, 2022. The population of bonds utilized to calculate the discount rate includes those having an average yield between the 10th and 90th percentiles. Projected cash flows from the U.S. plans are then matched to spot rates along that yield curve in order to determine their present value and a single equivalent discount rate is calculated that produces the same present value as the spot rates. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Rate of increase in compensation levels 
 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit costs for U.S. plans: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average discount rate Rate of increase in compensation levels Expected long-term rate of return 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension fund assets held by the Company's pension trusts was determined based on several factors, including the impact of active portfolio management and projected long-term returns of broad equity and bond indices. The plans' historical returns were also considered. 
 Expected long-term rate of return Equity securities: Asset allocation assumption Expected long-term rate of return 
 Investment Policy and Strategy 
 The Company has established formal investment policies for the assets associated with defined benefit pension plans. The Company's investment policy and strategy are mandated by the Company's Investment Committee. The overriding investment objective is to provide for the availability of funds for pension obligations as they become due, to maintain an overall level of financial asset adequacy and to maximize long-term investment return consistent with a reasonable level of risk. The Company's pension plan investment strategy includes the use of actively-managed securities. Investment performance both by investment manager and asset class is periodically reviewed, as well as overall market conditions with consideration of the long-term investment objectives. None of the plan assets are invested directly in equity or debt instruments issued by the Company. It is possible that insignificant indirect investments exist through its equity holdings. The equity and fixed income investments under the Company's sponsored pension plan assets are currently well diversified. The plans' asset allocation policy is reviewed at least annually. Factors considered when determining the appropriate asset allocation include changes in plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and cash requirements for benefit payments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with the investment policy for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans, which contains allowable ranges in asset mix of - for U.S. equity securities, - for international equity securities, and - for fixed income securities. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 U.S. equity securities (1)(2) 
 Level 2 International equity securities (1)(2) 
 Level 2 Fixed income securities (3) 
 Level 2 Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 MULTI-EMPLOYER PLANS 
 The Company has three multi-employer plans, which are trustee-managed multi-employer defined benefit pension plans for union-represented employees under certain collective bargaining agreements. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans, as assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. Additionally, if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 Contributions paid into the multi-employer plans are expensed as incurred. Multi-employer plan expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

Plan number Expiration dates of collective bargaining agreements (1) 
 May 6, 2023 through March 20, 2025 Financial Improvement Plan/Rehabilitation Plan status pending/implemented Pension Protection Act zone status Surcharge imposed 
 (1) Central States includes seven collective bargaining agreements. The largest agreement, which is set to expire January 20, 2025, covers approximately of the employees included in Central States. One of the collective bargaining agreements is set to expire during 2023, covering approximately of the employees included in Central States. 
 The most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available as of December 31, 2022 is for the plan's year-end as of December 31, 2021. Central States has not utilized any extended amortization provisions that affect the calculation of the zone status. 
 The Company's contributions to Central States did not exceed 5 of the total contributions made to Central States for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS 
 The Company sponsors various qualified defined contribution plans that cover U.S. and foreign based employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. The U.S. plans permit both pre-tax and after-tax contributions, which are subject to limitations imposed by IRS regulations. The Company makes matching contributions and discretionary profit sharing contributions to these plans. The Company incurred contribution expense of million, million and million to the defined contribution plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company also sponsors a non-qualified defined contribution plan for employees which is maintained in a rabbi trust and are not readily available to the Company. Although participants direct the investment of these funds, the investments are classified as trading securities and are included in other non-current assets. 
 
 million in losses, as well as million and million in gains associated with these trading securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 11. 
 
 Income tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 (1) million recognized in the first quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 2 for additional information. 
 DESCRIPTION OF STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 
 The Company previously adopted the 2009 Incentive Plan, under which employees and non-employee directors could be granted stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, RSUs and PSUs, and grants subsequent to the DPS Merger were granted under the 2009 Incentive Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company adopted the 2019 Incentive Plan, which expires in 2029 and otherwise contains substantially similar provisions as the 2009 Incentive Plan. 
 
 -year term with cliff-vesting at the end of the term 
 RSUs granted during 2020, 2021, and 2022 -year term with graded vesting as follows: 
 0 in year 1, 0 in year 2, 60 in year 3, 20 in year 4, 20 in year 5 
 
 However, from time to time, the Company grants RSUs outside of the normal grant cycle which have different terms and vesting conditions. For all RSU grants, the Company recognizes the expense ratably over the vesting period. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company modified the terms of one RSU grant to a named executive officer. A grant of RSUs with a five-year vesting term which were previously granted in September 2020 were forfeited, and a corresponding grant of PSUs and RSUs were granted. The PSUs will vest three years from the beginning date of a predetermined performance period, to the extent that the Company has achieved the performance criteria during the performance period. The performance criteria for the modified award includes a specified market condition which compares total shareholder return to that of certain indices. Additionally, the PSUs are required to be held by the grantee for one year after the awards have vested. The RSUs will vest ratably over a three-year term. As a result of the award modification, no incremental compensation expense will be recognized over the life of the award. 
 The Company's aforementioned incentive plans provide for the issuance of up to an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock in stock-based compensation awards. 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS 
 Granted Vested and released ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 , and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the RSUs vested and released for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS 
 In 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved a PSU plan in connection with the aforementioned award modification. Each PSU is equivalent in value to one share of the Company's common stock. The maximum payout percentage for all PSUs granted by the Company is 100 . 
 The PSUs that are subject to the market condition are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which requires certain assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, and the estimated dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate used in the Monte Carlo simulation model is based on zero-coupon yields implied by U.S. Treasury issues with remaining terms similar to the performance period on the PSUs. The performance period of the PSUs represents the period of time between the PSU grant date and the end of the performance period. Expected volatility is based on historical data of the Company and certain indices over the most recent time period equal to the performance period. For purposes of determining that the aforementioned award modification resulted in no incremental cost, the Monte Carlo simulation assumed a risk-free interest rate of , expected volatility of and a dividend yield of . 
 Granted Vested and released Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of year. 
 STOCK OPTIONS 
 Granted Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 12. Investments and Acquisitions 
 Tractor Athletic Brewing (1) 
 Dyla LLC Force Holdings LLC (2) 
 Beverage startup companies (3) 
 (various) Other (various) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
 (1) million in exchange for a ownership interest in Athletic Brewing. 
 (2) 
 (3) . 
 Nutrabolt Investment 
 In December 2022, the Company invested million, which includes million of incremental third-party costs, in exchange for preferred equity units in Nutrabolt that represent a ownership interest on an as-converted basis. The Company will earn the greater of (i) a annual coupon on the preferred equity units plus any accretion for amounts not yet paid or (ii) our share of Nutrabolt s earnings as if our preferred equity was converted into common units. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded preferred dividends of million, which increased the investment balance for Nutrabolt. 
 Tractor Investment 
 In May 2022, the Company invested million in exchange for equity interests in Tractor. The Company also issued a million convertible note to Tractor with an annual interest rate of LIBOR + and a term of six months. The convertible note was converted into equity interests during the second quarter of 2022, increasing the Company s total ownership in Tractor to . 
 BodyArmor Investment 
 On November 1, 2021, Coca-Cola announced that it had acquired full ownership of BodyArmor for cash consideration of billion for the remaining of equity interests that Coca-Cola did not previously own. Prior to the transaction, KDP held an ownership interest in BodyArmor of on an undiluted basis, which had a carrying value of approximately million. As a result of BodyArmor s change in control, KDP s ownership interest was diluted to as a result of the vesting of incentive equity compensation previously granted by BodyArmor to employees, athletes, and endorsers. KDP received cash consideration from the sale of its interests in BodyArmor, net of holdback liabilities, of million on December 15, 2021, resulting in a gain on the sale of the investment of million. This gain was recorded to Gain on sale of investment in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 In January 2022, KDP agreed to a million payment from BodyArmor for a full settlement of all of the claims under the litigation against BodyArmor and in complete satisfaction of the holdback amount owed to ABC in association with the sale of ABC s equity interest in BodyArmor in 2021. ABC received the settlement payment in January 2022 and the lawsuit was dismissed. 
 The Company allocated approximately million of the settlement for resolution of the prior litigation, of which million was recorded to Gain on litigation settlement and million was applied against outstanding receivables from BodyArmor. Approximately million of the million gain on litigation settlement was held in unallocated corporate costs as a recovery of legal fees incurred during the litigation process, with the remaining million of the million recorded to our Packaged Beverages segment. 
 Approximately million of the million payment was allocated to the settlement of the holdback liability, which was recorded to Gain on the sale of our equity method investment. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 ownership interest in Bedford, which has a carrying value of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In December 2021, the board of directors of Bedford communicated to KDP that it was unable to obtain additional investors, and that Bedford will begin procedures to wind down the company. As part of the wind down procedures, KDP and ABI agreed to together fund a million credit agreement to Bedford. KDP will fund of this loan, in line with the Company s ownership percentage in Bedford. Approximately million of the Company s responsibility under this credit agreement has been funded and impaired through December 31, 2022. The Company recorded million and million in impairment losses related to this credit agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in the impairment charges described below. 
 The Company has also issued various promissory notes to Bedford since 2020, which have been fully impaired and placed in non-accrual status. The Company has recorded impairment charges related to its investment and notes receivable in Bedford of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment charges were recorded on the Impairment of investments and note receivable line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 LifeFuels Investment 
 In September 2020, the Company tested its investment in LifeFuels, which is included in the Beverage startup companies line in the table above, for an other-than-temporary impairment as a result of continued losses, ongoing liquidity concerns and a lack of a buyer for LifeFuels. As a result of this analysis, the Company determined that the investment was fully impaired and recorded an impairment charge of approximately million to the Impairment of investments and note receivable line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 ownership interest in Revive from Peet's for cash consideration of , with Peet's retaining a minority ownership interest. Revive is an organic, non-alcoholic kombucha brand, available in both traditional refrigerated and shelf-stable varieties. The transaction was considered a common control transaction due to KDP's relationship with Peet's at the transaction date, through certain affiliates of JAB. The investment was accounted for as an acquisition of a controlling interest, and in accordance with the requirements of U.S. GAAP for common control transactions, KDP recognized all of Revive's assets and liabilities at their carrying values as of July 31, 2020, with the million difference between the Company's ownership interest in the net assets and the purchase price recorded to additional paid-in capital. Refer to Note 1 for the Company's accounting policies with respect to the consolidation of Revive and accounting for the non-controlling interest. 
 
 13. 
 International Total 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 State International Total current provision Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) International ) ) ) Total deferred provision ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 State income taxes, net Impact of non-U.S. operations ) Tax credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) U.S. taxation of foreign earnings Deferred rate change ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) U.S. federal provision to return ) ) Excess tax deductions on stock-based compensation ) ) Other Total provision for income taxes 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Net operating losses carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Accrued expenses Share-based compensation Multi-year upfront payments Equity method investments Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Deferred tax liabilities: Brands, trade names and other intangible assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Derivative instruments ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 CARRYFORWARDS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in tax-effected Luxembourg net operating loss carry forwards. Of the million of net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022, million will not expire and million will begin to expire in the year 2034. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million of U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards and million of other carryforwards, primarily related to U.S. state income tax. Foreign tax credits will begin to expire in 2024. 
 UNDISTRIBUTED INTERNATIONAL EARNINGS 
 For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, undistributed earnings in non-U.S. subsidiaries for which no deferred taxes have been provided totaled approximately million. An actual repatriation from our non-U.S. subsidiaries could still be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes. The Company has analyzed our global working capital and cash requirements and continues to be indefinitely reinvested in its undistributed earnings except for amounts in excess of its working capital and cash requirements. The Company has recorded any potential withholding tax liabilities, if necessary, attributable to repatriation. 
 OTHER TAX MATTERS 
 The Company files income tax returns for U.S. federal purposes and in various state jurisdictions. The Company also files income tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions, principally Canada, Ireland, and Mexico. The U.S. and most state income tax returns for years prior to 2017 are closed to examination by applicable tax authorities. Canadian and Mexican income tax returns are generally open for audit for tax years 2018 and forward. 
 The Company has a tax holiday in Singapore, whereby the local statutory rate is significantly reduced if certain conditions are met. The tax holiday for Singapore is effective through June 2024. The impact of the tax holiday increased net income by approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in no impact to basic and diluted EPS for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (H.R. 5376) was signed into law in the United States. The Company does not currently expect the Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on KDP s consolidated financial statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year (Decreases) increases related to tax positions taken during the prior year ) Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Decreases related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of the period 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would reduce the effective tax rate if recognized is million after considering the federal impact of state income taxes. KDP does not expect a significant change to its unrecognized tax benefits, but it is reasonably possible that a change in the unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months related to the settlement of audits or the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations. 
 expense related to interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions for the year ended December 31, 2022, and recognized expense of million and benefit of million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had a total of million accrued for interest and penalties for its uncertain tax positions reported as part of other non-current liabilities as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 14. 
 million in synergies over a three-year period through supply chain optimization, reduction of indirect spend through new economies of scale, elimination of duplicative support functions and advertising and promotion optimization. Although the program was initially expected to be completed in 2021, as a result of delays due to COVID-19, KDP continued to recognize expenditures for certain initiatives which began during the integration period through 2022. The restructuring and integration program resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of approximately million, primarily consisting of professional fees related to the integration and transformation and costs associated with severance and employee terminations, through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Restructuring liabilities that qualify as exit and disposal costs under U.S. GAAP are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Charges to expense 
 Cash payments 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Charges to expense 
 Cash payments 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 15. 
 OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Income tax benefit Total, net of tax Cash flow hedges: Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) FX contracts Cost of sales Total ) Income tax benefit ) Total, net of tax ) 
 
 16. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Cold drink equipment Software Construction-in-progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 SG A expenses Total depreciation expense 
 
 17. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total Allowance for excess and obsolete inventories ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Other receivables Prepaid income taxes Customer incentive programs Derivative instruments Prepaid marketing Spare parts Income tax receivable Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Other non-current assets: Operating lease right-of-use assets Customer incentive programs Derivative instruments Equity securities (1) 
 Equity securities without readily determinable fair values Other Total other non-current assets 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded in Other (income) expense, net. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 Accrued compensation Insurance reserve Interest accrual Accrued professional fees Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses Other current liabilities: Dividends payable Income taxes payable Operating lease liability Finance lease liability Derivative instruments Other Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Operating lease liability Finance lease liability Long-term pension and postretirement liability Insurance reserves Derivative instruments Deferred compensation liability Other Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 18. 
 million and million, respectively, which includes the specific amounts disclosed below. KDP has also identified certain other legal matters where we believe an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and/or for which no estimate of possible losses can be made. The Company does not believe that the outcome of these, or any other, pending legal matters, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition or liquidity of KDP. 
 ANTITRUST LITIGATION 
 In February 2014, TreeHouse Foods, Inc. and certain affiliated entities filed suit against KDP s wholly-owned subsidiary, Keurig, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York SDNY (TreeHouse Foods, Inc. et al. v. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Inc. et al.). The TreeHouse complaint asserted claims under the federal antitrust laws and various state laws, contending that Keurig had monopolized alleged markets for single serve coffee brewers and single serve coffee pods. The TreeHouse complaint sought treble monetary damages, declaratory relief, injunctive relief and attorneys fees. In March 2014, JBR, Inc. filed suit against Keurig in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California (JBR, Inc. v. Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.). The claims asserted and relief sought in the JBR complaint were substantially similar to the claims asserted and relief sought in the TreeHouse complaint. 
 Beginning in 2014, a number of putative class actions asserting similar claims and seeking similar relief to the matters described above were filed on behalf of purported direct purchasers of Keurig s products in various federal district courts. In June 2014, these various actions, including the TreeHouse and JBR suits, were transferred to a single judicial district for coordinated pre-trial proceedings (the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation ). A consolidated putative class action complaint by direct purchaser plaintiffs was filed in July 2014. In January 2019, McLane Company, Inc. filed suit against Keurig (McLane Company, Inc. v. Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.) in the SDNY asserting similar claims and was also transferred into the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation. These actions are now pending in the SDNY (In re: Keurig Green Mountain Single-Serve Coffee Antitrust Litigation). Discovery in the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation concluded in 2021, with plaintiffs collectively claiming more than billion of monetary damages. Keurig strongly disputes the merits of the claims and the calculation of damages. As a result, Keurig has fully briefed a summary judgment motion that, if successful, would end the cases entirely. Keurig has also fully briefed other significant motions, including challenges to the validity of plaintiffs damages calculations. Keurig is also pursuing its opposition to direct purchaser plaintiffs motion for class certification. 
 In July 2021, BJ s Wholesale Club, Inc. filed suit against Keurig (BJ s Wholesale Club, Inc. v. Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.) in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York EDNY asserting similar claims and also was transferred into the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation. In August 2021, Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. and Bi-Lo Holding LLC filed suit against Keurig (Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. et al. v. Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. et al.) in the EDNY asserting similar claims and was also transferred into the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation. Discovery in these cases is expected to continue into early 2023. 
 A number of putative class actions asserting similar claims and seeking similar relief were previously filed on behalf of purported indirect purchasers of Keurig s products. In July 2020, Keurig reached an agreement with the putative indirect purchaser class plaintiffs in the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation to settle the claims asserted for million. The settlement class consists of individuals and entities in the United States that purchased, from persons other than Keurig and not for purposes of resale, Keurig manufactured or licensed single serve beverage portion packs during the applicable class period (beginning in September 2010 for most states). The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement in December 2020, and the Company paid the settlement amount in January 2021. In June 2021, the Court granted final approval of the settlement, entered final judgment, and dismissed the indirect purchasers claims. 
 Separate from the U.S. actions described above, a statement of claim was filed in September 2014 against Keurig and Keurig Canada Inc. in Ontario, Canada, by Club Coffee L.P., a Canadian manufacturer of single serve beverage pods, asserting a breach of competition law and false and misleading statements by Keurig. To date, this plaintiff has not taken substantive action to prosecute its claims. 
 KDP intends to vigorously defend the remaining lawsuits described above. At this time, the Company is unable to predict the outcome of these lawsuits, the potential loss or range of loss, if any, associated with the resolution of these lawsuits or any potential effect they may have on the Company or its operations. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued for a loss contingency. Additionally, as the timelines in these cases may be beyond our control, we cannot assure you if or when there will be material developments in these matters. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

Accruals for warranties issued Settlements ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Accruals for warranties issued Settlements ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 19. 
 million and million, respectively. This aggregate maximum value assumes that the fair value of each property at the end of either the original lease term or renewal term is equal to zero, which the Company has concluded is not probable. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Licensing Arrangement 
 ABC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP, has provided a guarantee in connection with its distribution agreement with the Veyron SPEs to be paid only in the event the Veyron SPEs sell specific distribution rights and the value of those distribution rights does not exceed million, which is the maximum undiscounted amount that KDP could pay under the guarantee. All obligations with respect to the guarantee will cease upon termination of the distribution agreement, which would occur upon notice by ABC not to renew the distribution agreement, KDP no longer being investment grade at the end of the term, or the sale of the distribution rights by the Veyron SPEs. As of December 31, 2022, KDP has not recorded a liability as it is not probable that the Company will have to make any payments required under the residual value guarantee, as the fair value of the distribution rights is not expected to fall below million over the term of the agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, KDP had million in fixed service fee commitments related to the 15-year distribution agreement which was effective on December 28, 2020, with Veyron SPEs. These commitments were used to assist the Veyron SPEs in obtaining financing. Such fixed service fee payments began on January 1, 2021. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (CONTINUED) 

 annual coupon on the preferred equity units plus any accretion for amounts not yet paid or (ii) KDP s share of Nutrabolt s earnings as if KDP s preferred equity was converted into common units. As the other investors of Nutrabolt have to share in Nutrabolt's earnings with KDP if in excess of the annual coupon, the other investors lack certain characteristics of a controlling financial interest, which qualifies Nutrabolt as a VIE. KDP is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE and therefore is not required to consolidate Nutrabolt, as the primary shareholder of the VIE has control over the board and decision-making for the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, including sales, marketing, and operations. KDP has no obligation to provide additional funding to Nutrabolt, and thus the Company s maximum exposure and risk of loss related to Nutrabolt is limited to the carrying value of KDP s investment. Refer to Note 12 for additional information about the transaction with Nutrabolt and the carrying value of the investment. 
 
 20. 
 of KDP's outstanding common stock. JAB and its affiliates also hold investments in a number of other companies that have commercial relationships with the Company. These commercial relationships may take the form of KDP s purchase of raw materials, KDP s license of the companies trademarks for use in the manufacturing of K-cup pods, KDP s sale of products for resale to retail customers, or KDP s manufacture or distribution of products to, or on behalf of, these companies. 
 KDP holds investments in certain brand ownership companies, and in certain instances, the Company also has rights in specified territories to bottle and/or distribute the brands owned by such companies. KDP purchases inventory from these brand ownership companies and sells finished product to third-party customers primarily in the U.S. Additionally, any transactions with significant partners in these investments, such as ABI, are considered related party transactions. ABI purchases Clamato from KDP and pays the Company a royalty for use of the brand name. Refer to Note 12 for additional information about the Company's investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 RECEIPT AND PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 
 Trade accounts receivable, net from related parties were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to product sales and royalty revenues. Accounts payable to related parties were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to purchases of finished goods inventory for distribution. 
 Payments to related parties 
 NOTE RECEIVABLE FROM BEDFORD 
 KDP has issued various promissory notes to Bedford since 2020, all of which have been fully impaired and placed in non-accrual status. Refer to Note 12 for additional information. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Our management, with the participation of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, management concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 As of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 
 EXHIBITS 
 See Exhibit Index. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 17, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed July 26, 2012) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 
 Certificate of Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 19, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed May 20, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.4 
 Certificate of Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of July 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.5 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. effective as of July 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 
 Indenture, dated April 30, 2008, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 1, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2008, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC, Goldman, Sachs Co., Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated, UBS Securities LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Mitsubishi UFJ Securities International plc, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 1, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement Joinder, dated May 7, 2008, by the subsidiary guarantors named therein (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated May 7, 2008, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2009, to be effective as of December 31, 2008, among Splash Transport, Inc., as a subsidiary guarantor, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on March 26, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated October 19, 2009, among 234DP Aviation, LLC, as a subsidiary guarantor; Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed November 5, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.7 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2017, among Bai Brands LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, 184 Innovations Inc., a Delaware corporation (each as a new subsidiary guarantor under the Indenture dated April 30, 2008 (as referenced in Item 4.1 in this Exhibit Index)), Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., each other then-existing Guarantor under the Indenture and Wells Fargo, National Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed February 2, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.8 
 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2009, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 23, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.9 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.10 
 3.40 Senior Note due 2025 (in global form), dated November 9, 2015, in the principal amount of 500,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.11 
 4.50 Senior Note due 2045 (in global form), dated November 9, 2015, in the principal amount of 250,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.12 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on September 16, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.13 
 2.55 Senior Note due 2026 (in global form), dated September 16, 2016, in the principal amount of 400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on September 16, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.14 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2016, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.15 
 3.13 Senior Note due 2023 (in global form), dated December 14, 2016, in the principal amount of 500,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.16 
 3.43 Senior Note due 2027 (in global form), dated December 14, 2016, in the principal amount of 400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.17 
 4.42 Senior Note due 2046 (in global form), dated December 14, 2016, in the principal amount of 400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 104 

Table of Contents 

4.18 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2017, among Bai Brands LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, 184 Innovations Inc., a Delaware corporation (each as a new subsidiary guarantor under the Indenture dated April 30, 2008 (as referenced in Item 4.1 in this Exhibit Index), Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., each other then-existing Guarantor under the Indenture) and Wells Fargo, National Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on February 2, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.19 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2017, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on June 15, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.20 
 Investor Rights Agreement by and among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and The Holders Listed on Schedule A thereto, dated as of July 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.21 
 Base Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2018 between Maple Escrow Subsidiary and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.22 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2023 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.23 
 Third Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2025 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.24 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2028 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.25 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2038 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.26 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2048 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.27 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 9, 2018, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.28 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several purchasers of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.29 
 Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several purchasers of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.30 
 Description of registered securities (filed as Exhibit 4.40 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.31 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture (including 3.20 Senior Notes Due 2030 and 3.80 Senior Notes Due 2050 (in global form)), dated as of April 13, 2020, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 13, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.32 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture (including 0.750 Senior Notes Due 2024, 2.250 Senior Notes Due 2031, and 3.350 Senior Notes Due 2051 (in global form)), dated as of March 15, 2021, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 15, 2021) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.33 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 22, 2022, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 22, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.2 
 Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.3 
 Directors' Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.4 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on June 11, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 
 105 

Table of Contents 

10.5 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 8, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.6 
 Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 8, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.7 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Executives, effective as of January 1, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.8 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (retention incentive awards for certain of the Company s Named Executive Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on October 29, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.9 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019, amended and restated as of December 7, 2020 (retention incentive award for one of the Company s Named Executive Officers).++ 10.10 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan and Sales Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 24, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 
 10.11 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2021, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 26, 2021) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.12 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, by and between the Company and Fernando Cortes (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on September 24, 2021) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.13 
 Suspension of Rights Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (f/k/a Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on October 28, 2021) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.14 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 24, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Company and Robert J. Gamgort dated April 5, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 5, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.16 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Company and Mauricio Leyva dated July 15, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 19, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference). ++ 10.17 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Executive Severance Plan, effective as of July 29, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on July 28, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).++ 10.18 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Company and Sudhanshu Priyadarshi dated October 21, 2022.++ 10.19 
 Separation Agreement and Release by and between the Company and Tony Milikin dated October 28, 2022.++ 
 10.20 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan.++ 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 22.1 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 22.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on June 30, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference). 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 101 The following financial information from Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 ++ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. By: /s/ Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 
 Name: Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 23, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ Robert J. Gamgort By: /s/ Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 
 Name: Robert J. Gamgort Name: Sudhanshu Priyadarshi Title: Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors Title: Chief Financial Officer Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Angela A. Stephens 
 By: /s/ Oray Boston 
 Name: Angela A. Stephens Name: Oray Boston Title: Senior Vice President and Controller Title: Director (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Call 
 By: /s/ Olivier Goudet 
 Name: Michael Call Name: Olivier Goudet Title: Director Title: Director Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Peter Harf 
 By: /s/ Juliette Hickman 
 Name: Peter Harf Name: Juliette Hickman Title: Director Title: Director Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Paul S. Michaels 
 By: /s/ Pamela Patsley 
 Name: Paul S. Michaels Name: Pamela Patsley Title: Director Title: Director Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Lubomira Rochet 
 By: /s/ Debra Sandler 
 Name: Lubomira Rochet Name: Debra Sandler Title: Director Title: Director Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Robert Singer 
 By: /s/ Larry Young 
 Name: Robert Singer Name: Larry Young Title: Director Title: Director Date: February 23, 2023 Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 107 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 kdp-ex1018letteragreements.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.18 

 October 21, 2022 
 REVISED FINAL 
 
 Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 
 
 Dear Sudhanshu 
 
 Congratulations, we are pleased to extend you this offer of employment to join Keurig Dr Pepper the Company )! You will be joining our company at an exciting time. We are recognized as an industry leader for our award-winning beverages, innovative brewing technology and socially responsible business practices. We are proud of our great customers, products, services, and talented employees. We are excited that you are joining us to add your skills, experiences and creative ideas to the team. 
 
 We hope you will accept our offer to join the organization in the role of Chief Financial Officer reporting to Ozan Dokmecioglu, CEO. 
 
 The details of this offer are outlined below, and we ask that all compensation matters be kept confidential until subject to public disclosure. 
 
 Base Salary Your base salary of 850,000 will be paid in bi-weekly installments, consistent with the payroll schedule in place for all active employees. Any merit increase will be based upon evaluation of overall performance against your position accountabilities and objectives. Please note that by stating your salary as an annual amount, the Company does not intend to create a contract of employment or otherwise alter the at-will status of your employment. 
 
 Short Term Incentive Program You are eligible to participate in the Company's Short Term Incentive Program (STIP) in accordance with the terms in effect at the time of a payout. The target award is 80 of your base salary, pro-rated during the first year based on your actual start date. The program's annual performance metrics will be based on achievement of specific financial targets set by the Company, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The Company may modify and or eliminate the Short Term Incentive Program or any other incentive program at any time in its sole discretion. 
 
 Long Term Incentive (LTI) Program You will also be eligible to participate in a long-term equity incentive program with an annual award target value of 2,200,000. We anticipate our next annual grant will be made in March 2023, subject to approval by the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors. The annual award is issued as Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and has five year graded vesting 

EXHIBIT 10.18 

 of 0 0 60 20 20 on the anniversaries from the grant date, subject to continuous employment with the Company through the vesting dates. LTI awards are subject to terms and conditions set forth in each annual grant agreement. The Company may modify the LTI program at any time at its sole discretion. 
 
 Elite Investment Program In addition, as a condition to accepting this offer you are required to participate in the Company s equity investment plan. You will have an opportunity to purchase shares in the Elite Investment Program. The Elite investment range for your position is equity valued at a minimum of 3,000,000 to a maximum of 5,000,000. An investment in the Elite program will be matched on a one-for-one basis by the Company, such that for every one share you purchase you will receive one matching Restricted Stock Unit (RSU), subject to the vesting and other terms and conditions set forth in the definitive documents. You must complete your acquisition of shares not later than one year following your election and matching grant (generally mid-November election window). If and to the extent that you do not maintain your initial investment in the purchased shares, the matching award (to the extent then-unvested) will be forfeited. 
 
 Sign-on Cash Award You will receive a one-time cash sign-on award depending on your Elite Investment election. If you elect the minimum investment of 3,000,000, you will receive a cash payment of 2,000,000. If you elect the maximum investment of 5,000,000, you will receive a cash payment of 3,500,000. The cash payment will be made to you within thirty days of your start date and will be subject to tax withholding. Should you voluntarily resign within two years of your start date, you will be required to reimburse the Company the full amount of your sign-on bonus 
 
 Sign-on LTI Award You will receive a one-time sign-on award of 3,000,000. The award will be granted within sixty days of your start date. This award will be issued as Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), the number of which will be calculated by dividing the grant value by the closing stock price on the grant date. The award will vest 67 on the one year anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining 33 on the two year anniversary of the grant date, subject to continuous employment with the Company through each vesting date. The award will be subject to terms and conditions set forth in the grant agreement. 
 
 Cash Award for Bonus Walkaway In recognition of the partial year bonus that you will leave behind at your current company, you will receive a one-time payment of 350,000 (less applicable taxes). This payment will be made within thirty days of your start date. 
 
 Benefits You will be eligible to participate in the Company's Benefit Plans for Salaried Employees including medical, dental and vision plans, short-term and long-term disability programs, life insurance, savings and retirement plans. Details of our various plans will be provided to you in your new hire packet and during your orientation. The Company reviews its benefits and incentive plans and 
 programs periodically, and those plans and programs are subject to change at the Company s sole discretion. 
 
 Relocation You will be expected to have a primary office location in either the Frisco, TX or Burlington, MA headquarters location. Should you choose to move your primary residence, you are eligible for relocation benefits as presented in the Company relocation policy. Relocation benefits will begin upon receipt of the signed copy of the Relocation Repayment Agreement, whereby you are required to repay 

EXHIBIT 10.18 

 the Company for relocation financial assistance provided to you, should you resign from your employment with the Company for any reason, according to the terms of the policy and agreement. If you wish to have a different commuting arrangement, we will align on the specific details of how expenses will be covered by you personally and or by the Company. 
 
 Start Date We anticipate your start date to be November 14, 2022. 

Other Terms and Conditions 
 The Company requires its employees to honor their valid legal obligations to their prior employers (just as we expect you will honor your ongoing legal obligations to the Company should you leave our employ). Therefore, as a condition of your employment by the Company, you must not bring with you from your current or former employer(s) any confidential or proprietary business information or copies of such information you must not reveal to the Company or any of our employees or use on the Company s behalf any such information and you must comply with any other valid contractual obligations owed to previous employers. 
 
 This offer is contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background investigation. Within the next couple of weeks, you will receive an email from our provider to complete your background check consent form. 
 
 As a condition of employment, the Company is required under current federal regulations to certify the legal status of all employees. Your employment at the Company is contingent upon presenting and maintaining authorization to work in the United States. Therefore, on your first day of employment, you must provide documentation proving both your identity and authorization to work in the United States. 
 
 Your employment with the Company is on an at will basis, meaning that, just as you are free to resign at any time, with or without any reason, and with or without prior notice, the Company is free to end your employment at any time, with or without cause or any reason, and with or without prior notice. Although your employment will be at-will, it is our hope that your acceptance of this offer will be just the beginning of a mutually beneficial relationship with the Company. 
 
 This offer should be confirmed by October 22, 2022 by signing below. 
 We look forward to you joining our team! 
 
 Ozan Dokmecioglu 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Sudhanshu Priyadarshi Date 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 kdp-ex1019separationandrel.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.19 

Separation and Release Agreement 
 
 This Separation Agreement and Release (hereinafter the Agreement is entered into by and between Tony Milikin (hereinafter you and Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and its Subsidiaries, (the Company ), in order to set out their agreement on the terms and conditions under which your employment will end. To assist you with your transition to new employment and to otherwise resolve any and all disputes that you may have regarding your employment with the Company, including the separation of your employment thereof, you and the Company have agreed to enter into this Agreement under the terms and conditions set forth below and in accordance with the Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 1. Termination of Employment . Your employment with the Company is terminated as of October 28, 2022 (the Termination Date ). In order to receive any benefits under this Agreement, in addition to complying with all its terms, you must have fully cooperated with the Company in the transition of your responsibilities prior to the Termination Date and be employed by the Company on the Termination Date. After you receive this Agreement, you will have no power or authority to incur any debt, liability or obligation on behalf of the Company, and except as approved by the Chief Executive Officer or Executive Chairman of the Company, no right to incur any expenses on behalf of the Company or be reimbursed by the Company for such expenses. 
 
 2. Severance Benefits . Provided you timely execute, return, and do not revoke this Agreement, you will receive an amount equal to 1.5 times (i) your Base Pay (as defined in the Plan), plus (ii) your Target Bonus (as defined in the Plan), for a total amount of 2,025,000.00 (collectively, (i) and (ii) referred to herein as the Severance Benefit s ). 
 
 a. Your Severance Benefits will be paid in substantially equal installments over a 78 week period in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, beginning on the next normal payroll cycle after the later of your Termination Date and the expiration of the time period you have to execute and return this Agreement (including any revocation period), provided, however, if such time period for execution and revocation of this Agreement begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year, no payments shall be made under the first payroll period in the second taxable year. The Severance Benefits will be subject to statutory deductions, including withholding. 
 3. Additional Cash Separation Payment. Provided you timely execute, return and do not revoke this Agreement, you will also receive a one-time, lump sum payment (the Separation Payment in the gross amount of 2,000,000.00 less taxes and required withholdings. The final amount will be paid to you within fifteen (15) business days of your Termination Date or the date you return this signed Agreement, whichever is later. 
 
 4. Annual Incentive Plan . You shall be eligible for a pro-rata annual incentive for FY 2022 under the Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan and Sales Incentive Plan (the Annual Incentive ), in an amount based on your Annual Incentive target and actual Company performance as determined after the conclusion of FY 2022, which will be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days of your employment in FY 2022 prior to the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in FY 2022. To the extent that these calculations result in your being eligible for an FY 2022 Annual Incentive payment, this payment will be made at the same time as other recipients receive their Annual Incentive payment for FY 2022. 

Nothing in this Section 4 alters any provision of the Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan and Sales Incentive Plan. 
 5. Equity Awards . Equity Awards are treated as outlined in the Plan and Award(s) Agreements. If you have equity awards, please refer to the Plan documents and Awards Agreements. You can obtain a copy by logging onto Morgan Stanley Benefit Access at https www.stockplanconnect.com 
 
 6. Outplacement . Provided you timely execute, return, and do not revoke this Agreement, as further consideration in support of this Agreement, the Company will provide you with outplacement services, the amount and type of which depend on the circumstances of your termination and the grade of your position, as determined in the sole discretion by the Plan Administrator. You must begin using the outplacement services within 90 days of your Termination Date. Outplacement services shall cease when you accept an offer of employment. Contact information for the outplacement services will be provided to you by HR. 
 
 7. Benefit Plans . 
 a. Except for group medical, dental and vision plans, October 28, 2022, shall be your termination date for purposes of all Company benefit plans. Your benefits will be administered consistent with plan documents and based on your Termination Date. 
 b. For any group medical, dental and vision plan you are enrolled in immediately prior to your Termination Date, October 31, 2022, will be your termination date for purposes of coverage under such plans. Your benefits will be administered consistent with plan documents and based on the date of termination of such coverage. Subject to your having timely elected under the federal law known as COBRA to continue participation in the Company s group medical, dental and vision plans for yourself and those individuals who were your eligible dependents immediately prior to your Termination Date, and regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, you are able to continue your current benefits coverage for the period of time permitted under COBRA by paying the full monthly COBRA premiums. 
 c. The Company agrees to provide you with access to the Company s Employee Assistance Program for three (3) months (up to three (3) visits) from your Termination Date without cost to you. 
 8. Termination for Cause Material Breach . After you timely execute, return, and do not revoke this Agreement, if the Company discovers information that would have constituted grounds for your termination for Cause (as defined in the Plan) or that you have breached this Agreement, the Company s obligation to make or continue to make the Severance Benefits or provide benefits pursuant to this Agreement, shall terminate immediately and where appropriate, such obligations shall terminate on the date of the act or failure to act which would have constituted grounds for termination for Cause. Alternatively, if you have already received all or a portion of the Severance Benefits or other payments or benefits identified in this Agreement, you agree to reimburse the Company all but five hundred dollars 500.00) of the Severance Benefits and benefits you received within seven (7) days of the Company s request, and you further agree that the five hundred dollars 500.00) identified in this Agreement constitutes good and valuable consideration for the release of claims set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement. In addition, you agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by you of Section 9(a) through (c) of this Agreement or any confidentiality, non-solicitation, or non-disparagement obligations you have to the Company, the 
 2 

Company will suffer irreparable harm and will not have an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the Company shall be entitled, upon application to any court of competent jurisdiction, to specific performance or injunction or other relief against you. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing other remedies available to it for such breach or threatened breach including the recovery of damages and attorneys fees from you. 
 
 9. Confidentiality Cooperation . By accepting the Severance Benefits and any other benefits, payments and other items described in this Agreement, you agree that 
 
 a. This Agreement is strictly confidential and that you will not, directly or indirectly, disclose the fact of or terms of this Agreement to anyone other than your attorney or your immediate family members, except to the extent such disclosure may be required for accounting or tax reporting purposes or otherwise be required by law or direction of a court. 
 
 b. All documents (including this Agreement), records, techniques, business secrets and other information which have come into your possession from time to time during your employment with the Company Confidential Information and Business Secrets are and shall remain confidential and proprietary to the Company and or its affiliates, and you will keep confidential and not divulge to any other party any of the Company s and or its affiliates Confidential Information and Business Secrets, including, but not limited to, Confidential Information and Business Secrets relating to such matters as the Company s finances (including financial results, budgets, forecast and long-range plans), operations, materials, processes, plans, designs, models, new products, apparatus, equipment or formulas used in the Company s operations, and the names of the Company s customers and suppliers 
 
 c. All of the Company s and or its affiliates and related companies Confidential Information and Business Secrets are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company and or its affiliates and related companies and 
 
 d. You agree to cooperate with reasonable requests for cooperation from the Company with respect to any legal issue regarding any matter of which you had knowledge during your employment with the Company. Such cooperation may include appearance at depositions, assistance in responding to discovery, preparation for hearings or trial, and appearance at trial. The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in providing such assistance and undertake reasonable efforts to prevent such cooperation from interfering with your new employment, provided the Company can control the timing of such cooperation. 
 
 e. You have been paid all earned wages, salary, and vacation pay. 
 
 10. Assignment of Intellectual Property . In exchange for the consideration set forth in this Agreement you agree, both before and after the Termination Date, to execute or join in executing all papers or documents required for the protection of intellectual property created by you during and related to your employment with the Company, including the filing of patent applications in the United States and such foreign countries as the Company may elect. You agree to assign and hereby assign all intellectual property rights including such patent applications to the Company or its nominee, and shall provide the Company or its agents or attorneys with all reasonable assistance in the preparation and prosecution of patent applications, drawings, specifications and the like, all at the expense of the Company, and shall do all that may be necessary to establish, protect and maintain the rights of the Company or its nominee in the inventions, patent applications and Letters Patent. 

3 

11. Noncompetition and Non-solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that customer goodwill and information, including the Confidential Information and Business Secrets you have acquired during the course of your employment will enable you to irreparably injure the Company if you should engage in unfair competition. In consideration of the Severance Benefits, Separation Payment, compensation during employment and Confidential Information provided to you and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you hereby agree that the following covenants are reasonable and necessary protective covenants for the protection of the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement 
 
 (a) Noncompetition . For a period of two (2) years following the termination of Employee s employment with the Company, Employee shall not directly or indirectly, provide Competitive Services in the Restricted Area for a Competitor. 
 Definitions 
 Competitive Services means to own, manage, operate, join, control, be employed by or with, or participate in any manner (including, without limitation, as a consultant) with a Competitor. You acknowledge and agrees that the scope of this definition is reasonable because as a member of Company s Executive Leadership Team, you provide services to, have material involvement in, and or receives Confidential Information and Business Secrets relating to the KDP Business as a whole. 
 Competitor shall mean any person or entity that competes with the KDP Business. You acknowledge and agree that the scope of this definition is reasonable because as a member of Company s Executive Leadership Team, you provide services to, have material involvement in, and or receives Confidential Information and Business Secrets relating to the KDP Business as a whole. 
 Restricted Area means those geographic areas in which the Company is engaged in manufacturing, selling, distributing, and or marketing its products. You acknowledge and agree that the scope of this definition is reasonable because as a member of Company s Executive Leadership Team, you provide services to, have material involvement in, and or receives Confidential Information relating to the KDP Business as a whole. 
 (b) Non-interference with Customer Relationships . For a period of two (2) years following the termination of your employment with the Company, you shall not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, interfere with the relationship of the Company with any person or entity who was a customer of the Company. Where required by applicable law to be enforceable, the foregoing provisions are limited to the Restricted Area. 
 (c) Non-solicitation of Customers . For a period of two (2) years following the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, you shall not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, interfere with the relationship of the Company with any person or entity who was a customer of the Company (referred to herein as a Covered Customer by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Covered Customer to induce or encourage the Covered Customer to (a) stop or reduce doing business with Company or (b) to buy a Competing Product from a Competitor, unless a duly authorized Company officer gives you written authorization to do so. Where required by applicable law to be enforceable, the foregoing provisions are limited to the Restricted Area. 
 
 4 

(d) Non-solicitation of Employees . For a period of two (2) years following the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, you shall not, either directly or indirectly, participate in, or assist any third party in, recruiting or hiring away any employees of the Company, or encourage or induce any employees of the Company to terminate their employment with the Company. For purposes of this covenant, Employees shall refer to current employees of the Company and employees who are not employed by the Company at the time of the attempted recruiting or hiring and or interference, but were employed by the Company at any time during the six (6) months prior to the time of the attempted recruiting or hiring and or interference. 
 (e) Enforcement of Covenants . You acknowledge that compliance with the noncompetition and non-solicitation restrictive covenants contained in Sections a through d of this Agreement are necessary to protect the business and goodwill of the Company. You also acknowledges that a breach of such covenants will result in irreparable and continuing damages to the Company, for which money damages may be an insufficient remedy to the Company. Further, Employee acknowledges that the ascertainment of the full amount of damages in the event of Employee s breach of any provision of this Agreement would be difficult. Consequently, Employee agrees that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement, that the Company, in addition to all other remedies it may have, shall be entitled to both (a) temporary, preliminary and or permanent injunctive relief to restrain the breach of or otherwise to specifically enforce any of the covenants in order to prevent the continuation of such harm (with 1,000.00 being the agreed amount of any bond that need to be posted (if any) by the Company to secure such injunctive relief) and (b) money damages, including immediate termination of Severance Benefits and Transition Payments and repayment of any Severance Benefits and Transition Payment already paid, insofar as they can be determined. Injunctive relief to enforce Sections a through d may be sought by either party from any court of competent jurisdiction. Employee further agrees that the restrictions included within this Agreement are intended to be in addition to, and do not in any way limit, any other obligations owed by Employee to the Company regarding such matters, whether such obligations arise under common law, state or federal statute, ordinance or otherwise. Finally, the parties agree any alleged breach by the Company of any obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties shall not excuse Employee from performing his her obligations hereunder or otherwise serve as a defense to the enforceability of this Agreement. 

12. Release of Claims . In exchange for the consideration set forth in this Agreement you hereby, on behalf of yourself, your descendants, ancestors, dependents, heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors and assigns 
 
 Fully and forever release and discharge Keurig Dr Pepper and all of its Subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, successors and assigns, together with all of their past and present trustees, directors, officers, agents, attorneys, insurers, employees, independent contractors, stockholders and representatives (collectively the Releasees ), from any and all claims, demands, rights, liens, agreements, contracts, covenants, actions, suits, causes of action, obligations, debts, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, judgments, orders or liabilities of whatsoever kind or nature in law, equity or otherwise, whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which you now own or hold or have or may have at any time heretofore or hereafter owned or held as against the Company and or any of the Releasees, arising out of or in any way connected with 
 
 a. your employment with the Company and or any of its past or present subsidiaries or parent or affiliated companies or entities (except any claims for pension or retirement benefits) 

5 

b. your termination from the Company and or any of its past or present subsidiaries or parent or affiliated companies or entities and 
 
 c. any and all other transactions, occurrences, acts or omissions and any loss, damage or injury whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, resulting from any act or omission by or on the part of the Company and or any of the Releasees arising, committed or omitted before the date of this Agreement or at any time during Employee s employment with the Company or with any of the Releasees, including, but not limited to all claims arising under or relating to your compensation, bonuses, incentive compensation, benefits, payments, grants, stock options, severance plan, equity agreement, stock option agreement, or any other bonus, incentive or benefit plan, program or agreement established by the Company, or any other benefits you may or may not have received during your employment with the Company, including, without limitation, all claims relating to any other claimed payments, employment contracts, or benefits, all claims arising at law or equity or sounding in contract (express or implied) or tort, claims arising by statute, common law or otherwise, claims arising under any federal, state, county or local laws, of any jurisdiction, including claims for wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract or implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, claims for intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, violation of public policy, and claims for discrimination, retaliation, sexual harassment and claims arising under any laws that prohibit age, sex, sexual orientation, race, national origin, color, disability, religion, veteran, workers compensation or any other form of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, including, without limitation, claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 42 U.S.C. 1981, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and or 1871, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Executive Polygraph Protection Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Relations Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, any and all claims for breach of contract, tort, and personal injury of any kind, including but not limited to any claims for severance pay, bonus, sick leave, holiday pay, life insurance, health or medical insurance or any other fringe benefit, worker s compensation or disability, and or any claims under any other federal, state, local, or other governmental statute, regulation and or common law, including, without limitation, any federal, state or local laws respecting employment. 

13. Covenant Not To Sue . A covenant not to sue is a legal term for a promise not to file lawsuit in court. It is different from the Release of Claims above. In addition to waiving and releasing the claims covered in this Agreement, you agree never to sue any Releasee in any forum for any reason arising out of your employment with the Company, including but not limited to the claims covered in this Agreement provided, however, that you may bring a claim against the Company to enforce 
 6 

this Agreement or to challenge the validity of the Agreement under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and or the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act. You agree and acknowledge that if you break this promise not to sue, then you will pay for all costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the Company or any Releasee in defending any matter or proceeding covered by the promise not to sue. Alternatively, if you break your promise not to sue, you may, at the Company s option, be required to return all but five hundred dollars and no cents 500.00) of the Severance Benefits paid to you pursuant to the Agreement, and you further agree that the five hundred dollars 500.00) identified in this Agreement constitutes good and valuable consideration for the release of claims set forth in Section 11 of this Agreement. 
 
 14. Rights And Claims Excluded From Release of Claims . Nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with your right to discuss your employment terms or conditions, report possible violations of federal, state or local law or regulation to any governmental or law enforcement agency or entity, or to make other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. This Agreement does not waive any rights or claims that cannot be waived by law, including rights or claims that arise after you execute this Agreement, your right to file a charge with a governmental agency (such as the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC )), and your right to participate in any governmental agency investigation or proceeding, and your right to communicate and cooperate with any such agency. You are waiving, however, any right to recover money in connection with such a charge or investigation, except that you do not waive any right to receive money properly awarded by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as a securities whistleblower incentive, if applicable. You are, however, waiving any right to recover money in connection with a charge filed by any other individual, by the EEOC, or by any other city, local, state, or federal agency (other than the SEC). 
 
 15. Non-Disparagement . You agree that the Company s goodwill and reputation are assets of great value to the Company, which have been obtained and maintained through great costs, time and effort. Therefore, you agree that after the termination of your employment, you shall not make, publish or otherwise transmit any disparaging, defamatory or libelous statements, whether written or oral, regarding the Company or its officers, directors, executives, employees, contractors, consultants, advisors, products, services, business or business practices. Similarly, the Company s officers, directors and executives shall not make any disparaging or defamatory statements, whether written or verbal, regarding you. A violation or threatened violation of this Section 15 may be enjoined by the courts. The rights afforded the Company under this provision are in addition to any and all rights and remedies otherwise afforded by law. However, nothing in this Section 15 restricts or prevents you from providing truthful testimony as required by court order or other legal process or is intended to interfere with your rights set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement. 
 16. Non-Liability . You agree that neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as an admission by the Company or by any of the Releasees of any liability, wrongful or unlawful conduct of any kind whatsoever. 
 
 17. Company Property . On or before the Termination Date, you agree to return all Company property (including, but not limited to, sales materials, documents or other company records, access cards, keys, mobile phones, smart phones, credit cards, gas cards, computers, or any other equipment) that you have or may have in your possession or control, except as expressly permitted in writing by an authorized officer of the Company. If you do not return Company property in your possession or control by the Termination Date, the Company may, in addition to the rights and remedies it may have under this Agreement or otherwise, withhold any and all payments under this Agreement. You further agree to submit all outstanding expenses on Company credit accounts on or before the 
 7 

Termination Date whenever possible, and in any event no later than 30 days following the Termination Date. Your Severance Benefits will be offset by any personal or undocumented expenses. 
 
 18. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered by hand or mailed within the continental United States by first class, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage and registry fees prepaid and addressed as follows 
 
 (a) If to the Company Keurig Dr Pepper 
 6425 Hall of Fame Lane Frisco, TX 75034 Attention Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel 
 
 (b) If to you At the last home address on file with the Company. 
 
 Either party by notice in writing to the other may change the address to which notices, requests, demands or other communications to it shall be mailed. 
 
 19. Offer . This offer shall remain in effect only through the close of business on the date set forth in Section 20.d. below, after which this offer shall be automatically withdrawn. 
 
 20. Employee Acknowledgments and Representations Knowing and Voluntary Waiver Time for Consideration . You hereby acknowledge and represent that 
 
 a. You are entering into this Agreement freely and voluntarily and that you have been advised in writing through this Agreement to seek legal counsel of your own choosing, at your own cost. The Company and you agree that the parties have relied upon the advice of their respective attorneys, who are attorneys of their own choice, or they have knowingly and willingly not sought the advice of such attorneys. You hereby understand and acknowledge the significance and consequence of this Agreement and represent that the terms of this Agreement are fully understood and are knowingly and voluntarily accepted by you. 
 
 This Agreement is intended to include in its effect and does include, without limitation, all claims which you do not know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of execution of this Agreement, and that the terms agreed upon contemplate and extinguish any and all such claims. You understand that this Agreement specifically releases and waives all rights and claims that you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA ), prior to the date on which you sign this Agreement and you agree to all of the terms of this Agreement and intend to be legally bound hereby. 
 
 b. You received this Agreement on or before your Termination Date and you shall have a period of twenty-one (21) days to review this Agreement (the Review Period to consider and accept or reject this Agreement. You agree that any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the running of the Review Period. You understand that you have the right to use as much or as little of the Review Period as you wish before executing this Agreement. The signed Agreement must be returned to the Company, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Attn HR Shared Services at 6425 Hall of Fame Lane, Frisco, TX 75034 before the end of the Review Period. 

8 

c. For a period of seven (7) days after you sign this Agreement, you may revoke your agreement to release any claims that you may have under the ADEA, and any amendments thereto, by indicating in writing to the Company, 6425 Hall of Fame Lane, Frisco, TX 75034, Attn Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel, your intention to revoke the release of claims under the ADEA. If you exercise your right to revoke hereunder, you shall forfeit your right to receive the Severance Benefits, except for the amount of 500.00, which you agree is sufficient consideration for the release of remaining claims in Section 12 of this Agreement, and to the extent any portion of the Severance Benefits has been paid, you agree that you will reimburse the Company for the amounts of such payments within fourteen (14) days of your exercising your right to revoke hereunder. You understand that the Company s obligations under this Agreement do not become effective until after the seven (7) day revocation period has expired. This Agreement will become effective, enforceable and irrevocable on the eighth (8th) day after the date on which it is executed by you (the Effective Date ). 
 
 d. This Agreement will become null and void and of no further force or effect if the Company does not receive a fully executed copy from you after the Termination Date but ON OR BEFORE the close of business on the last day of the Review Period. 
 
 e. You acknowledge and agree that the Company has paid you all compensation owed to you for services rendered through and including the Termination Date, including all wages or other compensation and all accrued and unpaid Combined Time Off pay, vacation pay or sick pay, if applicable. You agree and understand that the Company will pay you for any reimbursable but unpaid business expenses within 60 days of the Termination Date, provided that you submit the appropriate paperwork and receipts reasonably satisfactorily to the Company within 30 days of the Termination Date. 
 
 21. Miscellaneous . 
 
 a. Assignment . You shall not assign, pledge or transfer this Agreement without the Company s prior written consent. 
 
 b. Prior Agreement and Modification . This Agreement and the Plan are the entire understanding between you and the Company concerning the termination of your employment, and no change, alteration or modification of this Agreement may be made except in writing signed by both parties. 
 
 c. Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit the enforceability of this Agreement. 
 
 d. Severability . Should any provision of this Agreement be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, a provision that most closely resembles the parties intent, but which is legally enforceable, shall be deemed to have been automatically substituted in the place of such provision. If a legal provision which would carry out the parties intent cannot, as a practical matter, be substituted in the place of such unenforceable provision (other than the general release language), then such provision shall immediately become null and void, but leaving the remainder of this Agreement fully enforceable. If, however, a court deems any portion of the Release of Claims in this Agreement unenforceable for any reason, then Employee agrees to promptly return to the Company all of the consideration that has been paid to Employee under this Agreement. 

9 

e. Waiver of Breach Rights and Remedies Cumulative . The waiver by either party of a breach of a provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach by either party. No right or remedy provided in this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy available by law. 
 
 f. All Commitments . The amounts and benefits payable to you under this Agreement constitute all payments or benefits which the Company shall be obligated to provide for you, and you agree that, except as provided herein, neither you nor your estate will have any rights under any bonus plan, incentive compensation plan, health plan or any other benefit or compensation plan whatsoever. Any rights under Company benefit & reward plans are subject to the terms and conditions of such plans. 
 
 22. Governing Law and Venue . The terms and provisions of this Agreement and release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the STATE OF TEXAS, exclusive of any conflict of law provisions, and venue for all purposes of this Agreement and release shall be in a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in COLLIN COUNTY, TEXAS or the applicable federal district or appellate court having jurisdiction over actions filed in such county and state. 
 
 23. Section 409A Six Month Delay . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if and to the extent any portion of any Severance Benefits, payment, compensation or other benefit provided to you in connection with this Agreement is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A and you are a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determination you hereby agree that you are bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid until the earlier of (i) the date that is six (6) months and two days after your Termination Date or (y) the date of your death. 
 The remaining portion of this page is blank 

10 

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A RELEASE OF CLAIMS, INCLUDING A RELEASE OF CLAIMS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT. BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY TAKE IT HOME, READ IT, AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER IT. IF YOU CHOOSE, DISCUSS THIS RELEASE WITH YOUR ATTORNEY (AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE). 
 
 You must not sign this Agreement before October 28, 2022. The Agreement must be signed and returned to Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Attn HR Shared Services at 6425 Hall of Fame Lane, Frisco, TX 75034 on or after October 28, 2022, but no later than November 18, 2022 . If you do not revoke the Agreement within seven (7) days after signing it, then the Agreement will take effect as a legally binding document on the expiration of the seventh day after signing. 

BY SIGNING BELOW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT, HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF YOUR CHOICE (AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE), UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, AND ARE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO IT. 

Executed at (city), (state) this day of , 2022. 
 
 By 
 TONY MILIKIN 
 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Received at Frisco, Texas this _______ day of , 2022. 
 
 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 
 By 
 Printed Name Mary Beth DeNooyer 
 Title Chief Human Resources Officer 

11 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 kdp-ex1020kdpshorttermince.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.20 

 KEURIG DR PEPPER 
 SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1 PURPOSE AMENDMENT 
 This Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan is a discretionary pay for performance annual incentive plan that is intended to incentivize strong business performance and link the attainment of overall business results with financial rewards to certain participating employees. Unless and until modified by the Remuneration Committee, this plan document reflects the terms of the Plan and replaces any previous documents and terms. Terms used but not otherwise defined below have the meanings assigned to them in Section 8 of the Plan. 
 
 The Remuneration Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to amend, modify or terminate the Plan at any time, for any reason, and in any manner, even if such amendment, modification or termination would reduce the Awards payable hereunder to zero. 
 
 2 COVERAGE AND ELIGIBILITY 
 
 2.1 Coverage. This Plan applies to all eligible employees of the Company who are selected to participate in the Plan. Rules pertaining to Executive Leadership Team ELT member participation are governed by the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 2.2 Eligible Participants. The Remuneration Committee or its delegate, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to select participants for participation in the Plan from the following eligible Plan participants 
 
 2.2.1 Full-Time Employees All active full-time employees (as defined in their home country) of the Company, unless such employee is eligible for another annual incentive plan or sales incentive plan of the Company. 
 
 2.2.2 Reduced Hours Employees Full-time employees who have entered into short-term reduced hour work arrangements, as identified by the Company in its sole discretion. To the extent a reduced hour employee is selected to participate in the Plan, his or her Award will be pro-rated based on the ratio of agreed upon reduced hours to a 40-hour work week (for instance, if the employee is working 50 of full-time, his or her Award will be 50 of what he or she would have received as a full-time employee). 
 
 2.3 Temporary Employees Individuals classified by the Company as a temporary employee, contractor, intern or consultant labor are not eligible to participate. 
 
 2.4 Unionized Employees Employees who are members of a collective bargaining unit are not eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 
 2.5 New Hires Employees who are hired during the Plan Year prior to October 31 and who are selected to participate are eligible to participate in the Plan on a Pro-rated basis. Employees hired after October 31 of a Plan Year are not eligible to participate until the next Plan Year. 
 
 2.6 Re-hires Employees who are re-hired during the Plan Year prior to October 31 will be treated as new hires for the purposes of the Plan. They will be eligible to participate in the Plan on a Pro-rated basis calculated from date of re-hire to the end of the Plan Year no credit will be given for any employment 
 Page 1 of 8 

with the Company during the Plan Year that occurred prior to the date of re-hire unless the employee s employment was previously terminated by the Company as a result of an Involuntary Termination (as defined in Section 6.1.3 below). Employees who are rehired on or after October 31 of a Plan Year will not be eligible to participate in the Plan Year they are rehired. They will be eligible to participate in the following Plan Year. 
 
 2.7 Required Continued Employment. All eligible participants must be employed on the date the Award Payout is made to be eligible to receive an Award Payout, unless terminated under one of the Qualifying Termination events (as set forth in Section 6.1 below). 
 
 3 GOVERNANCE Plan components for all eligible employees are generally consistent with the Plan components established by the Remuneration Committee for the ELT members, provided that the Remuneration Committee reserves the right to provide different components to different employees, in its sole discretion. No employee may establish his or her own Performance Metrics or make any determination regarding his or her final Award. 
 
 3.1 The final Award Payouts will be based on actual performance measured against each Performance Metric s Payout Level and will be subject to approval by the Remuneration Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 
 3.2 The Remuneration Committee shall administer and interpret the Plan with regard to ELT members in its sole and absolute discretion. For all other participants, the Plan will be interpreted and administered by the Plan Administrator in its sole and absolute discretion. Any interpretation, determination or other action made or taken by the Remuneration Committee or the Plan Administrator shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all interested parties. The Remuneration Committee and the Plan Administrator shall administer the Plan in accordance with its terms. 
 
 3.3 All Performance Metrics that constitute financial metrics, if any, will be tracked, monitored, and reported by the Company s Finance department. 
 
 3.4 Any adjustments to final Award Payouts will require the approval of the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 4 PLAN DESIGN 
 
 4.1 Plan Year January 1 through December 31. 
 
 4.2 Target Percentage Each eligible participant shall be assigned a percentage (a Target Percentage based upon his or her job. The Target Percentage will be reviewed on a regular basis by the CEO and or his or her delegate (or the Remuneration Committee with regard to ELT members) through the Plan Year, and may be increased or decreased at any time during the Plan Year in the sole and absolute discretion of the CEO and or his or her delegate (or the Remuneration Committee with regard to ELT members) without the eligible participant s consent. 
 
 4.3 Target Award Subject to Sections 5.4 and 5.5 and 6 below, each eligible participant s Target Award shall be the amount determined by multiplying such participant s Target Percentage by the participant s Base Salary (the Target Award provided that in the event of any change to a participant s Target Percentage or Base Salary while eligible during a Plan Year, the Target Award will be Pro-rated to account for such change. 
 Page 2 of 8 

4.4 Performance Metrics The Plan takes into account actual performance over the Plan Year against a set of one or more pre-determined Performance Metrics. The Performance Metrics (and the weightings given to each Performance Metric) will be determined and approved by the Remuneration Committee for each Plan Year and communicated to eligible participants. Different Performance Metrics and or Performance Metric weightings can be set for the various sub-divisions or subsets of eligible Participants in the discretion of the Remuneration Committee. In addition, any one or more Performance Metric may be established as a modifier or governor that serves to limit or adjust otherwise earned Payout Multipliers under the Plan. In addition, any one or more Performance Metric may be established as a modifier or governor that serves to limit or adjust otherwise earned Payout Multipliers under the Plan. 
 
 4.5 Payout Multipliers The Remuneration Committee will establish (i) any threshold, target, maximum or other intermediate levels of performance required for Award Payouts, (ii) the corresponding percentage of the Target Award to be paid upon the achievement of such levels (the Payout Levels for each Performance Metric for each Plan Year, and (iii) any applicable payout modifiers or governors under the Plan for the Plan Year. The final Payout Multiplier for each Plan Year shall be determined based on the final performance achieved for each Performance Metric against the Performance Metric s applicable Payout Levels, as determined by the Plan Administrator and approved by the Remuneration Committee. For performance that falls between any two Payout Levels, the Payout Multiplier will be determined through interpolating the value on a straight-line basis between the two Payout Levels or through such other method as approved by the Remuneration Committee. Performance Metrics are mutually exclusive of each other thus, the Payout Levels for each Performance Metric may differ as determined by the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 4.6 Adjustments In the event of (i) a change in corporate capitalization, a corporate transaction or a complete or partial corporate liquidation, (ii) a natural disaster or other significant unforeseen event that materially impacts the operation of the Company, (iii) other material items that are treated under generally accepted accounting principles as unusual in nature or infrequently occurring, (iv) any material change in accounting policies or practices affecting the Company and or the Performance Metrics, or (v) any other events as determined by the Remuneration Committee in its discretion, to the extent any of the foregoing items or events was not anticipated at the time the Performance Metrics were established, the Remuneration Committee may, in each case, appropriately adjust any evaluation of performance under such Performance Metric so as to neutralize the effect of the item or event on the applicable Award. 
 
 5 AWARDS 
 
 5.1 Award Basis The Plan Administrator shall use the Company s audited, published year-end results as the basis for calculating Award Payouts under the Plan to the extent Performance Metrics are based on financial metrics in or derived from such results. Awards will be paid only after the results are approved by the Remuneration Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 
 5.2 Award Payment Award Payouts will be calculated in the first quarter (Q1) following the end of the Plan Year to which the potential Award relates. Awards will be paid in cash in a single lump sum, subject to all applicable withholdings and taxes in effect at the time of the payment. The final Award, if any, will be paid to eligible participants on or before March 15 of the year following the applicable Plan Year. 
 
 5.3 Calculation Subject to Section 6 below, final calculations of Award Payouts will be determined by Plan Administrator and approved by the CEO, using the formula set forth below (subject to any adjustments as permitted herein). 

Page 3 of 8 

Base Salary (x) Target Percentage (x) Pro-ration (if applicable) (x) Payout Multiplier 
 5.4 Level Promotions or Demotions Each participant who is promoted or demoted to a higher or lower level of employment classification, respectively, will have his or her Award calculated on a Pro-rated basis, based upon the employee s actual time in each of the employee s positions, each position s Target Percentage, and the employee s final annual Base Salary while in each position. 
 
 5.5 Leave of Absence Each participant who is on an approved leave of absence, depending on the type of leave, will have his or her Award Pro-rated for the applicable Plan Year based upon the time he or she was actively at work and the participant s final annual Base Salary. 
 
 6 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 
 
 6.1 Qualifying Termination Events A participant whose employment with the Company is terminated due to one of the following events (each a Qualifying Termination will be eligible to receive a Pro-rated portion of his or her Award for the Plan Year. 
 
 6.1.1 Death The estate of a participant who dies during the Plan Year will be eligible to receive the Target Award for that Plan Year, Pro-rated to the time of death (without regard to actual achievement of the Performance Metrics for the Plan Year or application of any Payout Multiplier). The amount of the Award Payout will be calculated based on the participant s Base Salary and Target Percentage as in effect on the date of death and paid within 60 days of the participant s death. 
 
 6.1.2 Retirement or Disability A participant whose employment with the Company ends due to Retirement or whose employment is terminated due to a Disability during the Plan Year will be eligible to receive an Award Payout, calculated on a Pro-rated basis, paid at the same time Awards are paid to other active participants. The amount of the Award Payout will be (i) calculated on a Pro-rated basis based on the date of the participant s termination of employment due to Retirement or the date the Disability is determined, as applicable, (ii) calculated using the participant s Base Salary and Target Percentage as in effect on such date, and (iii) calculated using the final Payout Multiplier for such Plan Year. 
 
 6.1.3 Involuntary Terminations A participant who experiences an Involuntary Termination (as defined below) will be eligible to receive an Award Payout paid at the time Awards are paid to other active participants. The amount of the Award Payout will be calculated on a Pro-rated basis using the participant s Base Salary and Target Percentage as in effect on the date used for the Pro-ration as well as the final Payout Multiplier for such Plan Year. The Pro-ration of the Award Payout, as well as the date for determining the Base Salary and Target Percentage, shall be the date the participant ceases to perform services for the Company without regard to whether the participant thereafter continues to receive any compensatory payments arising from the termination or is paid any compensation in lieu of notice of termination. A participant s termination shall be treated as an Involuntary Termination if (i) with respect to participants who are eligible participants in a severance plan sponsored by the Company, such termination qualifies as a Involuntary Termination or Qualifying Termination under the terms of such plan, or (ii) with respect to other participants, the Company terminates the participant s employment in connection with a Company reorganization, the closing of a facility, or a reduction in force or otherwise terminates the participant s employment without Cause (as defined in Section 6.2.2 below) and such termination does not occur in connection with the participant s death, Disability or Retirement. Whether a participant s termination is 
 Page 4 of 8 

an Involuntary Termination shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator or the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 6.2 Disqualifying Termination Events For the avoidance of doubt, the following shall not constitute Qualifying Terminations and, in such circumstances, a participant forfeits any claim to, and is ineligible to receive, any Award Payout. 
 
 6.2.1 Voluntary Resignations A participant who voluntarily resigns or otherwise terminates his or her employment, other than due to his or her Retirement, death or Disability, at any time during the Plan Year. 
 
 6.2.1.1 Examples of voluntary resignations include, but are not limited to, resigning from the Company to obtain another job, walking off the job, leaving the Company to continue one s education, not returning from a leave of absence or any other type of voluntary resignation for any reason. 
 
 6.2.2 Terminations for Cause A participant whose employment with the Company is terminated for Cause is ineligible to receive any Award Payout or any payments hereunder. 
 
 6.2.2.1 A participant s termination of employment by the Company will be treated as a termination for Cause if it is a termination due to a participant s unsatisfactory work performance or inability to perform the essential functions of his or her job, failure to comply with Company policy, absenteeism, mutually agreed separation for performance or conduct issues, failed drug screen, invalid employment documentation, misconduct or malfeasance, the commission of a dishonest act or common law fraud, or for any other reason as determined by the Company or described as for Cause in an agreement between such participant and the Company or defined as Cause under any severance plans sponsored by the Company that is applicable to the participant. Whether a participant s termination is for Cause shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator or the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 6.3 Forfeiture and Reduction of Awards upon Certain Events 
 
 6.3.1 An Award Payout will be forfeited, and a participant shall be obligated to repay any Award already received, if, within one year following a participant s termination of employment for any reason 
 
 6.3.1.1 The Company determines that the participant engaged in conduct during the Plan Year that would have constituted the basis for a termination of employment for Cause (as determined by the Plan Administrator or the Remuneration Committee) or 
 
 6.3.1.2 A participant publicly disparages the Company or any of its officers, directors or senior executive employees or otherwise makes any public statement that is materially detrimental to the interests of the Company or such individuals, as determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator. 
 
 6.3.2 If the Company determines that a participant who is currently employed by the Company engaged in any inappropriate conduct during the Plan Year that resulted in the participant receiving an Award Payout that exceeded the Award Payout the participant would have 
 Page 5 of 8 

received had he or she not engaged in such inappropriate conduct, then the Plan Administrator delegate (or the Remuneration Committee with regard to ELT members), in his, her or its sole discretion, may require that such participant repay some or all of the Award. 
 
 6.3.3 Award Payouts will also be subject to any other clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time, including any such policy adopted to comply with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, if the Company determines a participant received any amount in excess of what the participant should have received under the terms of the Plan for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason of financial restatement, mistake in calculations, incorrect data, or other administrative error), then such participant may be required to repay such excess amount to the Company upon notice from the Plan Administrator delegate (or the Remuneration Committee with regard to ELT members). 
 
 7 Miscellaneous. 
 
 7.1 Non-Assignability. A participant may not alienate, assign, pledge, encumber, transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any rights or benefits awarded hereunder prior to the actual receipt thereof and any attempt to alienate, assign, pledge, sell, transfer or assign prior to such receipt, or any levy, attachment, execution or similar process upon any such rights or benefits shall be null and void. 
 
 7.2 No Right to Continue in Employment or Service. Nothing in the Plan confers upon any employee the right to continue in the employ of the Company, or interferes with or restricts in any way the right of the Company to discharge any employee at any time (subject to any contract rights of such employee). 
 
 7.3 Indemnification of the Remuneration Committee, CEO and the Plan Administrator. No member of the Remuneration Committee or the Plan Administrator, nor the CEO nor any officer or employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Remuneration Committee, the Plan Administrator, or the CEO shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and all members of the Remuneration Committee, the Plan Administrator, each officer of the Company, and each employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO or the Plan Administrator shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination, or interpretation to the fullest extent provided by law. Except to the extent required by any unwaiveable requirement under applicable law, neither the CEO nor any member of the Remuneration Committee nor the Plan Administrator (nor any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company) nor any employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO or the Plan Administrator, shall have any duties or liabilities, including without limitation any fiduciary duties, to any participant (or any person claiming by and through any participant) as a result of this Plan, any Award or any claim arising hereunder and, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each participant (as consideration for receiving and accepting an Award) irrevocably waives and releases any right or opportunity such participant might have to assert (or participate or cooperate in) any claim against the CEO or any member of the Remuneration Committee or the Plan Administrator or any subsidiary of affiliate of the Company or any employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO or the Plan Administrator arising out of this Plan. 
 
 7.4 Payroll Practice No Plan Funding. The Plan shall at all times be treated as a payroll practice, and as such, is intended to be exempt from the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. The Plan shall at all times be entirely unfunded and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to segregating assets of the Company for payment of any amounts hereunder. No participant, beneficiary, or other person shall have any interest in any particular assets of the Company 
 Page 6 of 8 

by reason of the right to receive an Award under the Plan. Participants and beneficiaries shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 
 7.5 Effect of the Plan. Neither the adoption of this Plan nor any action of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO or the Plan Administrator shall be deemed to give any person any right to be granted an Award or any other rights except as may be evidenced by an Award, or any amendment thereto, duly authorized by the Plan Administrator and executed on behalf of the Company, and then only to the extent and upon the terms and conditions expressly set forth therein. 
 
 7.6 Governing Law . This Plan shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and the rights and obligations created hereby shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. 
 
 7.7 Legal Construction. In the event that any one or more of the terms or provisions that are contained in this Plan is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term or provision shall not affect any other term or provision that is contained in this Plan and this Plan shall be construed in all respects as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term or provision had never been contained herein. 
 
 7.8 Integrated Plan. This Plan constitutes the final and complete expression of agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 7.9 Section 409A. Award Payouts under this Plan are intended to be exempt from or comply with section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A and shall be administered in such a manner and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent that an Award or the payment of such Award is subject to Section 409A, the Award shall be granted and paid in a manner that will comply with Section 409A, including regulations or other guidance issued with respect thereto, except as otherwise determined by the Remuneration Committee. Any provision of this Plan that would cause the grant of an Award or the payment of such Award to fail to satisfy Section 409A may be amended, in the discretion of the Remuneration Committee, to comply with Section 409A on a timely basis, and may be amended on a retroactive basis, in accordance with regulations and other guidance issued under Section 409A. 
 
 8 DEFINITIONS. 
 8.1 Award An annual incentive award, payable in cash, made under the Plan. 
 
 8.2 Award Payout The dollar amount of Award payout that is calculated pursuant to the formula set forth in Section 5.3. 
 
 8.3 Base Salary An individual s annual base salary as of the date a calculation is to be made without taking into consideration bonuses (including potential Awards hereunder), overtime pay, incentive pay, car allowances, equity awards, fringe benefits or other perquisites. 
 
 8.4 Company Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. together with its subsidiaries. 
 
 8.5 Disability An eligible employee shall be deemed to have a Disability if he or she is determined either (i) by the Social Security Administration, while the individual is an employee, to be eligible for Social Security disability benefits, or (ii) by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, to be permanently disabled under the standards set forth in the Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Long-Term Disability Plan. In making such determination, the Plan Administrator may require such medical proof as it deems necessary, including the certificate of 
 Page 7 of 8 

one or more licensed physicians selected by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion, the decision of Plan Administrator as to determinations of Disability shall be final and binding. 
 
 8.6 Payout Multiplier The product of the achieved Payout Level for each of the Performance Metrics, as established by the Remuneration Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 
 8.7 Performance Metric Any one or more of the following performance measures, or derivations of such performance measures, taken alone or in conjunction with each other 
 a. Basic or diluted earnings per share of common stock 
 b. Cash flow 
 c. Economic value added 
 d. Income, which may include, without limitation, net income, operating income, expense control measures, or other derivations of income 
 e. Business performance or return measures (including, but not limited to, market share, debt reduction, return on assets, capital, equity, or sales) 
 f. The price of the Company s common stock (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return) or 
 g. Any other criteria related to performance as selected by the Remuneration Committee. 
 Any of the Performance Metrics may be applied to any individual, the Company as a whole or any sub-division, determined on an absolute or relative basis or as compared to the performance of a published or special index deemed applicable by the Remuneration Committee or another group of companies deemed by the Remuneration Committee to be comparable to the Company. 
 
 8.8 Plan Administrator Chief Human Resources Officer, his or her delegate, or such other individual(s) selected by the Remuneration Committee. 
 
 8.9 Pro-rated Calculated based on the number of days taken into consideration 365 (or 366 in the event the applicable Plan Year is a leap year). 
 
 8.10 Remuneration Committee The committee of the Company s Board of Directors who is responsible for the oversight of compensation practices within the Company. 
 
 8.11 Retirement Voluntary termination of employment by an employee of his or her employment with the Company on or after achieving age 60 years old with 5 years of service, and excluding any terminations where the Company had Cause to terminate the employee at the time of termination (whether such Cause is known at the time of termination or later discovered by the Company after termination). 

Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 kdp-ex211_20221231.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF KEURIG DR PEPPER INC. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 As of December 31, 2022 

 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 1 234DP Aviation, LLC Delaware 2 A&W Concentrate Company Delaware 3 All Sport, LLC Delaware 4 All Sport Distributing, Inc. Delaware 5 Bai Brands LLC New Jersey 6 Beverages Delaware Inc. Delaware 7 Big Red, LLC Texas 8 BR HyDrive, LLC Texas 9 Core Nutrition, LLC Delaware 10 DP Beverages Inc. Delaware 11 DPS Americas Beverages, LLC Delaware 12 DPS Beverages, Inc. Delaware 13 DPS Holdings Inc. Delaware 14 Dr Pepper Seven Up Beverage Sales Company Texas 15 Dr Pepper Seven Up Manufacturing Company Delaware 16 Dr Pepper Seven Up, Inc. Delaware 17 G Pure, Inc. Texas 18 Hydration Ventures LLC Delaware 19 KDP Procurement Services, Inc. Texas 20 Keurig Corporation Inc. Delaware 21 Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Delaware 22 Keurig Manufacturing Inc. Delaware 23 Maple Parent Holdings Corp. Delaware 24 Mott's Delaware LLC Delaware 25 Mott's LLP Delaware 26 Nantucket Allserve, LLC Delaware 27 North American Beverages, LLC Texas 28 Revive Brands California 29 Snapple Beverage Corp. Delaware 30 Splash Transport, Inc. Delaware 31 The American Bottling Company Delaware 32 Thomas Kemper Acquisition Co. Inc. Texas 33 Xyience Beverage Company, LLC Texas 34 Xyience Contracts Company, LLC Texas 35 Xyience Supplements Company, LLC Texas 36 Canada Dry Mott's Inc. Canada 37 Keurig Canada Inc. Canada 38 Van Houtte Coffee Services Inc. Canada 39 Alder Basswood Clover LP Ireland 40 Alder Clover Limited Ireland 41 Basswood Clover Limited Ireland 42 KDP Global Sourcing Limited Ireland 43 Keurig International S rl Luxembourg 44 Bebidas Americas Investments B.V. Netherlands 45 Keurig Switzerland GmbH Switzerland 46 Keurig Trading S rl Switzerland 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 As of December 31, 2022 

 47 Big Red Mexico S de RL de CV Mexico 48 Comercializadora de Bebidas, SA de CV Mexico 49 Pe afiel Aguas Minerales SA de CV Mexico 50 Pe afiel Bebidas SA de CV Mexico 51 Manantiales Pe afiel, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 52 Snapple Beverage de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 53 Green Mountain Electrical Appliances Technical Consulting (Shenzhen) Company Limited China 54 Green Mountain Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 55 Keurig Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 56 Keurig Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 kdp-ex231_20221231.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266989 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-233481 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and the effectiveness of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 kdp-ex311_20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer's Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Robert J. Gamgort, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s Robert J. Gamgort Date February 23, 2023 Robert J. Gamgort Chief Executive Officer and President of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 kdp-ex312_20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer's Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Sudhanshu Priyadarshi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Sudhanshu Priyadarshi Date February 23, 2023 Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 
 Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 kdp-ex321_20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Robert J. Gamgort, Chief Executive Officer and President of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Robert J. Gamgort Date February 23, 2023 Robert J. Gamgort Chief Executive Officer and President of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 kdp-ex322_20221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Sudhanshu Priyadarshi, Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Sudhanshu Priyadarshi Date February 23, 2023 Sudhanshu Priyadarshi Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 kdp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 kdp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 kdp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 kdp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 kdp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

