<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1901037_0001558370-23-002790.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13324431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>385138</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1707896</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5053155</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2220325</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3638355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002790.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303171547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002790
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stellus Private Credit BDC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001901037
		IRS NUMBER:				876878660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56378
		FILM NUMBER:		23705755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 POST OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132925414

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 POST OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002790.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Shares of Beneficial Interest held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was: has not been provided because there is established market for the registrant s Common Shares of Beneficial Interest. The number of shares of the issuer s Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of March 3, 2022 was , 

Table of Contents 
 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business ii Item 1A. Risk Factors xxxv Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments lxiii Item 2. Properties lxiii Item 3. Legal Proceedings 1 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 1 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 1 Item 6. Reserved 4 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 17 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 19 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 52 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 52 Item 9B. Other Information 52 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 53 Item 11. Executive Compensation 59 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 59 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 61 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 63 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 64 Signatures 67 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Our Company Stellus Private Credit BDC we , us , our and the Company was formed on December 7, 2021 as a Delaware statutory trust. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified investment management company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We originate and invest primarily in lower middle-market companies LMM in the U.S. LMM companies are generally defined as having EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) between 5 million and 50 million. Our investment activities are managed by our investment advisor, Stellus Private BDC Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ), a majority-owned subsidiary of Stellus Capital Management, LLC Stellus Capital Management an investment adviser that is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ). Stellus Capital Management serves as our administrator (the Administrator pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). The Administrator may retain a sub-administrator to perform any or all of its obligations under the Administration Agreement. We source investments primarily through the extensive network of relationships that the senior investment professionals of the Advisor and Stellus Capital Management have developed with financial sponsor firms, financial institutions, lower middle-market companies, management teams and other professional intermediaries. The companies in which we invest are typically highly leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies will not be rated by national rating agencies. If such investments were rated, we believe that they would likely receive a rating that is often referred to as junk. On May 9, 2022, we received an exemptive order (the Order from the SEC that permits us to co-invest with additional types of private funds, other BDCs, and registered investment companies managed by Stellus Capital Management or an adviser that is controlled, controlling, or under common control with Stellus Capital Management, subject to the conditions included therein. Additionally, the Order provided added relief which allows us, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to co-invest in existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. Pursuant to the Order, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our Independent Trustees must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment objectives and strategies. We co-invest, subject to the conditions in the Order, with private credit funds managed by Stellus Capital Management that have an investment strategy that is similar or identical to our investment strategy, and we may co-invest with other BDCs and registered investment companies managed by Stellus Capital Management or an adviser that is controlled, controlling, or under common control with Stellus Capital Management in the future. We believe that such co-investments may afford it additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve greater diversification. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, as a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Under the relevant SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private operating companies, operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public operating companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million, in each case organized and with their principal of business in the United States. We qualify and intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). So long as we qualify as a 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 RIC, we will not be taxed on our investment company taxable income or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed, or deemed to be distributed, to shareholders as dividends on a timely basis. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC that has satisfied certain requirements, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of our gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 200 . The amount of leverage that we employ at any time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. Our principal executive office is currently located at 4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 2200, Houston, TX 77027, and our telephone number is (713) 292-5400. We maintain a website on the Internet at www.stelluscapital.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Private Offerings We are conducting a private offering (the Private Offering of our common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares to accredited investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). We issue our Common Shares in the Private Offering, pursuant to subscription agreements, from time to time at a price per share generally equal to the net asset value per share for our Common Shares, provided that we retain the right, if determined by us in our sole discretion, to accept subscriptions and issue Common Shares, in amounts to be determined to be appropriate by us. The purchase of our Common Shares is intended to be a long-term investment. We do not intend to complete a liquidity event within any specific time period, if at all. We also do not intend to list our Common Shares on a national securities exchange. COVID-19 Developments The effect on the U.S. and global economy of the ongoing pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2 (also referred to as COVID-19 or Coronavirus ), uncertainty relating to new variants of the Coronavirus that have emerged in the United States and globally, vaccine distribution, hesitancy and efficacy, the length of economic recovery, and policies of the U.S. presidential administration have created stress on the market and could affect our portfolio companies. Each portfolio company has been assessed on an individual basis to identify the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the valuation of our investments in such company. We believe that any such COVID-19 pandemic impacts have been reflected in the valuation of our investments. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial performance of our current and future investments will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the virus, related advisories and restrictions, and the health of the financial markets and economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. To the extent our portfolio companies are adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, it may have a material adverse impact on our future net investment income, the fair value of our portfolio investments and our financial condition. Summary Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information in Item 1A. Risk Factors , including, but not limited to, the following risks: T he capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 W e are dependent upon key personnel of the Advisor for our future success. If the Advisor were to lose any of its key personnel, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. O ur business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships. Any inability of the Investment Team (as defined below) to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. O ur incentive fee may induce the Advisor to make speculative investments. W e will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates if we are unable to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. W e may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. B ecause we finance our investments with borrowed money, the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us is magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. S ubstantially all of our assets may be required to be subject to security interests under future debt financing arrangements and, if we default on our obligations thereunder, we may suffer adverse consequences, including foreclosure on our assets. Most of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. I f we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our Common Shares. B ecause we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our shareholders to obtain and maintain our status as a RIC, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow may be impaired. T he time and resources that the Investment Team devotes to us may be diverted, and we may face additional competition due to the fact that the Investment Team is not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target. I f we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. T he failure in cyber security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. O ur investments in private LMM portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. P rice declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. B ecause we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. T he interest rates of our floating-rate loans to our portfolio companies might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes. 

 iv 

Table of Contents 
 Portfolio Composition We originate and invest primarily in privately-held middle-market companies (typically those with 5.0 million to 50.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)) through first lien (including unitranche), second lien, and unsecured debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. The following table provides a summary of our portfolio investments as of December 31, 2022: 

As of December 31, 2022 in millions) Number of investments in portfolio companies 25 Fair value (a) 157.5 Cost 158.0 of portfolio at fair value first lien debt (b) 96.7 of portfolio at fair value equity 3.3 Weighted-average annual yield (c) 11.1 

 (a) As of December 31, 2022, 152.3 million of our debt investments at fair value were at floating interest rates, which represented 100 of our total portfolio of debt investments at fair value. (b) Includes unitranche investments, which account for 3.9 of our portfolio at fair value. (c) The weighted average yield on all of our debt investments as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.4 , of which approximately 10.9 was current cash interest. The weighted average yield on all of our investments, including non-income producing equity positions, as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.1 . The weighted average yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of all of our and our subsidiaries fees and expenses. The weighted average yield was computed using the effective interest rates for all of our debt investments, which represents the interest rate on our debt investments restated as an interest rate payable annually in arrears and is computed including cash and payment in kind, or Payment-In-Kind PIK interest, as well as accretion of original issue discount. There can be no assurance that the weighted average yield will remain at its current level. The Investment Team The Advisor s investment team (the Investment Team ), which is composed of the same members of the Stellus Capital Management team described below, has an extensive track record demonstrating their ability to originate, structure, execute and realize private credit investments. Senior members of the Investment Team have invested over 8 billion of capital across over 300 portfolio companies since 2004. The Investment Team, through Stellus Capital Management, has managed LMM credit portfolios through multiple financial market cycles including the COVID-19 pandemic and the 2008 financial crisis. The Investment Team manages Stellus Capital Investment Corporation SCIC ), a publicly traded BDC listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: SCM), as well as a series of commingled institutional private credit funds, and certain investor-specific private credit vehicles. Stellus Private BDC Adviser, LLC and Stellus Capital Management Our investment activities are managed by Stellus Private BDC Adviser, LLC, a majority owned subsidiary of Stellus Capital Management, a Houston, Texas-based independent investment management firm formed in January 2012 in connection with the spin-out of the Direct Capital Unit from D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. and its associated investment funds, (the D. E. Shaw group ), a global investment and technology development firm. Stellus Capital Management manages approximately 2.8 billion in assets as of December 31, 2022. Stellus Capital Management also serves as our Administrator pursuant to an administration agreement. The senior investment professionals of Stellus Capital Management have an average of over 34 years of investing, corporate finance, restructuring, consulting and accounting experience and have worked together at several companies. The Stellus Capital Management senior investment professionals have a wide range of experience in middle-market 
 v 

Table of Contents 
 investing, including originating, structuring and managing loans and debt securities through market cycles. The Stellus Capital Management senior investment professionals continue to provide investment sub-advisory services to the D. E. Shaw group. In addition to serving as our Administrator, Stellus Capital Management currently manages private credit funds, some of which have an investment strategy that is similar or identical to our investment strategy. We received an Order from the SEC, which permits us to co-invest with investment funds managed by Stellus Capital Management or an adviser that is controlled, controlling, or under common control with Stellus Capital Management, where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy as well as applicable law (including the terms and conditions of the exemptive order issued by the SEC). We believe that such co-investments may afford us additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve greater diversification. In addition, we will not co-invest with D.E. Shaw group funds. Investment Approach The primary goal of our LMM lending strategy is to generate stable cash flow and preserve capital through what the Advisor believes is superior credit selection and risk mitigation. The Investment Team has continuously refined this strategy since 2004 while maintaining a consistent focus on the LMM, providing flexible financing solutions with an emphasis on senior secured loans. We will focus on investing in LMM companies that generate between 5 million and 50 million of EBITDA. We will seek to invest in businesses with strong operating and financial fundamentals, high quality management teams, sustainable competitive advantages and the ability to deleverage over the investment hold period through high levels of free cash flow generation. We expect to build a portfolio across a multitude of industry sectors, geographies within our target market, and financial sponsors. The Investment Team has historically led or co-led most of its investments and has not actively participated in broadly syndicated transactions. We intend to invest in a diverse group of sectors where the Investment Team has built an expertise. These industries may include, but are not limited to: business services; healthcare pharmaceuticals; aerospace defense; beverage food; media; software; consumer goods; finance; education; high tech industries; capital equipment; retail; transportation logistics; containers, packaging glass; software; environmental industries; construction building; consumer services; industrial services; and chemicals, plastics rubber. We generate returns through a combination of: (i) contractual interest payments; (ii) origination fees; (iii) pre-payment penalties; and (iv) in certain situations, capital gains corresponding to equity co-investments in a portfolio company, usually on terms similar to the controlling private equity sponsor and in connection with our loan to such portfolio company. The typical term of the loans is expected to be five years with an average duration of two to three years. The Investment Team focuses on directly originated and highly negotiated transactions with a primary focus on financial sponsor-backed LMM companies. We believe these investments typically exhibit attractive risk-reward characteristics with favorable terms and tighter covenants. Although a significant portion of loans are expected to be for acquisition financing in support of leveraged buyouts by well-established, high quality sponsors, we may also seek to provide loans to fund growth initiatives and/or re-financings. We believe LMM companies have been and continue to be underserved by credit providers due to their relatively small size and the corresponding illiquidity of their debt. This segment is one of the most active for M A deal flow, driven primarily by significant amounts of uninvested cash in private equity funds that target LMM companies. Regulatory changes enacted since the 2008 financial crisis have exacerbated the supply-demand credit shortfall with traditional capital providers such as commercial banks reducing their LMM lending activity or exiting the market altogether at an accelerated rate. We believe it is well-positioned to capitalize on the current market dynamics with the Advisor s seasoned and cohesive team of investment and portfolio management professionals and its ability to act as a flexible capital provider. We believe we have a competitive advantage over many other sources of LMM financing given that the Investment Team has earned a reputation as a thoughtful and disciplined provider of solutions in addition to capital. The Investment Team seeks to select investments that have the most attractive risk-reward characteristics through a well-established origination and sourcing process. During the course of deploying over 8.0 billion since 2004, the senior members of the Investment Team have developed a broad network of contacts diversified by geography and industry. The senior members of the Investment Team have dedicated geographic marketing responsibilities, and the majority have focused on their respective regions for over 10 years. 
 vi 

Table of Contents 
 Once an opportunity is identified, the Investment Team adheres to a disciplined investment process that has been continually refined since 2004. The Investment Team assesses each opportunity independently, often leveraging a sponsor s expertise and resources, to gain a complete understanding of the investment merits and potential downside risks. This intensive and highly iterative due diligence process has led to strong risk-adjusted returns with low historical default rates and strong recovery rates. After closing a transaction, the members of the Investment Team responsible for originating and closing the transaction will typically remain responsible for managing the investment through realization and work with the finance and operations team to closely monitor performance. This active approach enables us to react quickly when a portfolio company is underperforming. The Investment Team has extensive restructuring experience to resolve potential issues and has demonstrated their ability to take a proactive, hands-on approach in work-out situations. Our Business Strategy Investment Objective Overview Our investment objectives are to maximize the total return to our shareholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation. We will aim to achieve our investment objectives by providing loans to LMM companies in the U.S. The Investment Team has demonstrated an extensive track record of executing transactions in the LMM over the past 18 years. Their ability to successfully invest through different market cycles is attributable to a strict adherence to the strategic principles that they employ. The Investment Team s investment philosophy emphasizes stable cash flow generation and capital preservation through what the Advisor believes is superior credit selection and risk mitigation. This approach has been continuously refined and improved by the Investment Team since 2004, while investing over 8.0 billion of capital during their tenure at the D. E. Shaw group and Stellus Capital Management. These investments are consistent with our strategy. We expect our targeted portfolio to provide downside protection through conservative cash flow and asset coverage requirements, priority in the capital structure, information requirements, board observation rights and strong financial covenant packages. We expect to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes), directly or indirectly in private credit obligations and related instruments. We define credit obligations and related instruments for this purpose as any fixed-income instrument, including loans to, and bonds and preferred stock of, portfolio companies and other instruments that provide exposure to such fixed-income instruments. Derivative instruments will be counted towards our 80 policy to the extent they have economic characteristics similar to private credit obligations. To the extent we determine to invest indirectly in private credit obligations and related instruments, we may invest through certain synthetic instruments, which we will value at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value for the purpose of complying with the above mentioned policy. We will notify our shareholders at least 60 days prior to any change to the 80 investment policy described above. As a matter of fundamental policy, we may not invest 25 or more of our total assets (measured at the time of purchase) in equity securities and unsecured debt. This fundamental policy cannot be changed without the affirmative vote or consent of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company. The Investment Team seeks to invest in businesses with strong operating and financial fundamentals, high quality management teams, sustainable competitive advantages and the ability to deleverage over the investment hold period through high levels of free cash flow generation. We target LMM companies with between 5 million and 50 million of EBITDA with leverage ratios generally ranging between 2.0x and 5.0x. The Investment Team will seek to structure the loans primarily with a floating interest rate tied to the London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR or replacement index along with an up-front fee and prepayment penalties. The interest generated from these investments primarily takes the form of cash and we will distribute quarterly cash income to our shareholders. The typical term of the loans are five years with an average realized duration of two to three years. The companies in which we invest are typically leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies will not be rated by national rating agencies. If such investments were rated, we 
 vii 

Table of Contents 
 believe that they would likely receive a rating below investment grade (i.e., below BBB or Baa), which are often referred to as junk. We primarily invests in sectors where the Investment Team has built extensive expertise and long-standing relationships with management teams, sponsors and service providers. These industries may include, but are not limited to: business services; healthcare pharmaceuticals; aerospace defense; beverage food; media; software; consumer goods; finance; education; high tech industries; capital equipment; retail; transportation logistics; containers, packaging glass; software; environmental industries; construction building; consumer services; industrial services; and chemicals, plastics rubber. Although a significant portion of loans are for acquisition financing in support of leveraged buyouts by well-established, high quality sponsors, we may also seek to provide loans to fund growth initiatives and/or re-financings. Highlights of the Our investment strategy are as follows: Focus on the U.S. Lower Middle Market. We will invest in the LMM, where the Investment Team has focused since 2004 at the D. E. Shaw group and continuing at Stellus Capital Management. We believe that the Investment Team s consistent participation as a middle market lender differentiates it from recent entrants who may be regarded by borrowers as untested and potentially unpredictable through a market downturn. We also believes that businesses in the LMM often have limited access to public markets and will benefit from reliable lending partnerships. Based on the Investment Team s experience, fewer capital providers and less aggregate capital is available for financing LMM companies today, as compared to the time period prior to the 2008 financial crisis. Due to an increasingly stringent regulatory environment, many financing providers have chosen to focus on large, liquid corporate loans and managing capital markets transactions, rather than lending to LMM businesses. Relationship Based Sourcing Approach. With an average of over 30 years of principal investing, corporate finance, restructuring and accounting experience, the senior members of the Investment Team have demonstrated investment expertise throughout the balance sheet and in a variety of situations, including financial sponsor buyouts, growth capital, debt re-financings, balance sheet recapitalizations and acquisition financings. The Investment Team has developed a reputation as a thoughtful and proactive partner to sponsors and has executed transactions with more than 180 different private equity firms since 2004. We are often a preferred partner for transactions having cultivated many longstanding relationships with private equity sponsors and providing creative input and solutions throughout the investment process. These relationships are the result of a long history of working together and crafting solutions to meet the needs of the sponsors and their portfolio companies. The Investment Team is able to identify attractive investments through a proactive, relationship-driven sourcing effort. Sponsored investments are sourced from long-standing relationships and new interactions with referral sources and equity sponsors who view the Investment Team as a collaborative partner in the transaction. The senior members of the Investment Team are assigned dedicated geographic regions to develop and cultivate deep relationships with private equity firms. The majority have covered their respective regions for over 10 years and have focused on extensive calling and marketing efforts via speaking engagements, sponsorships, industry events, and referrals to broaden their relationship network. Existing relationships are constantly cultivated through transactional work and other personal contact. We believe that the combination of the deep relationships and focused geographical coverage is highly valuable as it provides the Investment Team with a strong competitive advantage. Lastly, the Investment Team has also developed a network of relationships beyond private equity firms including: (i) portfolio companies of private equity firms; (ii) management teams and entrepreneurs; (iii) other lending firms with complementary strategies; (iv) investment banks; (v) corporate operating advisers and other financial advisers; and (vi) various other intermediaries, including consultants, attorneys and other service providers. Maintain Disciplined Underwriting Standards. The Investment Team employs a highly involved and iterative underwriting process with an intense focus on risk management. The Investment Team includes a detailed qualitative analysis of each opportunity with investments ultimately made in businesses with strong fundamentals that can be verified in a thorough, hands-on diligence process. A credit metrics evaluation and extensive risk-reward analysis is performed on each investment. The Investment Team also recognizes that seniority in the capital structure influences 
 viii 

Table of Contents 
 investment risk and seeks to structure its loans accordingly. These highly negotiated terms include appropriate interest rates, amortization terms and financial covenants. These protections enable us to take action in the event that a portfolio company s results deviate negatively from expectations. The Investment Team s disciplined underwriting process has been refined by decades of private lending, workout and restructuring experience across multiple credit cycles. The Investment Team has also successfully leveraged its extensive track record to continuously refine its risk management and work out processes through in-depth analysis of prior investments, particularly underperforming transactions. Utilize Extensive In-House Loan Administration, Risk Management and Portfolio Management Infrastructure. We rely on Stellus Capital Management and the Advisor s compliance-oriented culture and robust infrastructure and risk management processes to structure, execute, monitor and manage its loan portfolio. Members of the finance and operations team led by Mr. Huskinson were responsible for building out and maintaining oversight of the loan administration platform at the D. E. Shaw group for seven years prior to the Stellus Capital Management spin-out and the aggregate team has more than 120 years of combined relevant industry experience. Further, the Investment Team applies a rigorous and hands-on approach to post-investment monitoring and risk management of borrowers in the portfolio. The Investment Team reviews the financial performance of the portfolio companies on a monthly basis for the majority of its investments and maintains an ongoing dialogue with management. The Investment Team believes that once an investment is made, continuous monitoring of the underlying business is essential. In general, the original deal team remains with an investment from origination through its full life cycle and work closely with the finance and operations team to closely monitor business performance through a variety of means, including formal reporting requirements and quarterly portfolio reviews. The Investment Team believes active participation will keep us appraised of the activities of our portfolio companies. Through this approach, when a portfolio company is underperforming or varies negatively from plan, investment professionals have restructuring experience to work to resolve any issues and preserve the investment. Investment Process The Investment Team has a highly involved and iterative investment process that is core to its culture and the basis for its historically strong returns. The senior members of the Investment Team have invested and managed principal investments together for more than a decade and have refined this process through multiple industry and financial market cycles. This rigorous approach begins with a significant network of relationships to source investment opportunities and extends into a proven, repeatable process for the analysis, approval, documentation and monitoring of investments. Sourcing The senior members of the Investment Team have been actively lending to the LMM for over a decade giving it a competitive advantage in sourcing opportunities. This commitment to LMM differentiates the Investment Team from other participants. The Investment Team utilizes a comprehensive process to originate loans and has developed a broad network of contacts diversified by geography and industry. The Investment Team believes a central part of its successful approach has been to form and cultivate long-term relationships with key deal sources, including private equity firms, investment banks and other senior lenders. The Investment Team complements this network with other deal sources to bolster its access to transactions, including management teams and entrepreneurs, portfolio companies of private equity firms, complementary investment firms seeking co-investors, corporate operating advisers and various industry service providers. The Investment Team is viewed as a collaborative partner in evaluating opportunities and has earned a reputation as a thoughtful and disciplined provider of capital and solutions. For these reasons, the Investment Team is often the preferred lender to leading private equity firms and in many cases provided the first and last look on potential transactions. The deep relationships with financial sponsors are often developed through difficult or underperforming transactions where the Investment Team is able to demonstrate its work-out capabilities by leveraging their extensive restructuring experience. This synergistic partnership is illustrated by the Investment Team s history of executing multiple financing transactions with repeat sponsors. 
 ix 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to the Investment Team s existing relationships, each senior member covers a distinct region within the U.S. to identify opportunities and cultivate new relationships. The Investment Team also focuses extensive marketing efforts on speaking engagements, sponsorships, industry events and referrals to constantly expand their network. The Investment Team anticipates its broad network of deal origination contacts will provide us with a continuous source of investment opportunities. Screening and Due Diligence The Investment Team seeks to identify potential investments that have the most attractive risk-reward characteristics. The Investment Team s due diligence process and portfolio management process have led to low historical default rates and strong recovery rates. The Investment Team has also leveraged its extensive track record by thoroughly analyzing past transactions and developing guidelines and best practices . The Investment Team follows a multi-phase approval process once a potential investment is identified. All opportunities must first undergo an initial informal review led by the investment professional that sourced the opportunity. Most potential deals do not pass this initial screening stage. Those potential opportunities that pass this stage are assigned a three-to-four-person deal team, which typically includes a partner, a managing director, a vice president and an associate. This deal team typically is responsible for the investment through the entire investment lifecycle from diligence to exit. After the initial screening, the deal team begins to underwrite the potential deal, which typically includes an analysis of the company s historical financials, industry drivers and outlook, competitive landscape, customer concentration, asset coverage, projected financials, credit metrics, management team, track record and funding capabilities of the private equity sponsor. To complete this and subsequent diligence, the Investment Team utilizes a number of diligence resources which include: (i) internally-developed credit analytical framework; (ii) third party research; (iii) industry experts; (iv) internal information sharing systems; and (v) the restructuring and turnaround expertise of its investment professionals. In addition to conducting its own independent analysis, the Investment Team reviews and analyzes the work completed by the sponsor in order to better understand the risks and merits of an opportunity. If the deal team determines the potential investment merits consideration, it is presented and evaluated at the weekly managing directors meeting. At this meeting, the deal team presents their findings and also discusses a due diligence plan going forward, as well as the pricing and the structure of the loan. While this is not a formal Investment Committee meeting, it is a key part of the process and allows all members of the Investment Team to review the transaction and provide input on key diligence and potential credit risks. A summary of each deal discussed in the managing directors meeting is included in the weekly Investment Committee meeting agenda. At the Investment Committee meeting, the deal teams and Investment Committee discuss each opportunity, key diligence areas, next steps in the process, and investment sizing. If the Investment Team believes the opportunity merits further review, the deal team prepares and presents a pre-screen memorandum to the Investment Committee. The pre-screen memorandum generally describes the potential transaction as well as includes a description of the risks and benefits, due diligence findings to-date, multiple scenario financial projections, proposed structure and pricing, and potential returns for the proposed investment. Upon review of the pre-screen memorandum, if the Investment Committee decides to proceed with an investment opportunity, the deal team (i) continues its diligence and deal structuring plans; (ii) works to complete its comprehensive industry and company diligence; and (iii) prepares a Credit Approval Memorandum for review by the Investment Committee. The Credit Approval Memorandum is a full update to the pre-screen memorandum and contains more deal-specific detail, including an update on the diligence process, any changes to the structure and pricing of the proposed investment, and a complete financial modeling scenario analysis. Upon unanimous approval by the Investment Committee of the proposed investment, terms and structure, the Investment Team moves forward into finalizing and closing negotiations with the prospective portfolio company. In addition, for all investment opportunities, the Investment Team employs outside counsel to assist in the preparation and negotiation of legal documentation and to review any tax considerations. 
 x 

Table of Contents 
 Structuring We seek to provide financing solutions to LMM companies, with an emphasis on senior secured loans. Debt investments are expected to entail cash interest based on a floating interest rate. The Investment Team is also often able to negotiate and receive a corresponding equity co-investment alongside the financial sponsor. This component is expected to represent less than 5 of the total portfolio and is consistent with the structure of past investments made by the Investment Team. In addition to the economic terms, the Investment Team negotiates a full suite of covenants and other contractual rights in connection with debt investments that provide protection for us while allowing a reasonable amount of flexibility for the portfolio company enabling the sponsor and management team to execute on its strategic and growth initiatives. Such covenants may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection and change of control provisions. Additionally, the Investment Team may require financial covenants and terms that restrict an issuer s use of leverage, limit asset sales and capital expenditures and allow Stellus to engage proactively if a company s financial performance deteriorates. Lastly, the Investment Team seeks to obtain comprehensive information rights including access to management, financial statements and budgets and, in many cases, board observation rights. Monitoring and Risk Management Upon completing a transaction, the Investment Team applies a rigorous hands-on approach to post-investment monitoring and risk management of borrowers in the portfolio. A particular point of focus for the Investment Team is the continuous assessment of potential new risks and reassessment of risks identified in the underwriting process. The deal team reviews financial performance on a monthly basis and maintains an ongoing dialogue with management. The Advisor s loan administration process is responsible for recording the loans initially and tracking all changes to loan terms to ensure that they are accurately reflected in the books and records of the Company. Members of the finance and operations team led the build-out and maintained oversight of the loan administration platform at the D. E. Shaw group for seven years and the aggregate team has more than 120 years of combined relevant industry experience. The Investment Team structures investments with terms and conditions that require the timely delivery and access to critical financial and business information on portfolio companies. Specifically, the Investment Team monitoring practices typically consist of the following: 

Regular Investment Committee updates . Key portfolio company developments are discussed each week as part of the standard Investment Committee agenda. 

Written reports . The deal teams provide written updates to the Investment Committee as appropriate for material events that impact portfolio company performance or valuation. In addition, deal teams provide a written summary after each portfolio company board meeting. Quarterly and annual full portfolio review . Messrs. Ladd and Huskinson work with the deal teams to perform quarterly and annual reviews of every portfolio company. The examinations typically include a written performance and valuation update, as well as a credit-specific discussion on each portfolio company. The Investment Team also tracks developments in the broader market as part of its monitoring process. The Investment Team has a wealth of information on the competitive landscape, industry trends, relative valuation metrics, and analyses that assist in the execution of the investment strategy. The Investment Team s extensive communications with sponsors and financial intermediaries further allow it to monitor market and industry trends that could affect portfolio investments. 
 xi 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to extensive monitoring system, the Investment Team employs a comprehensive investment rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each portfolio investment. This system utilizes a five-level numeric rating scale as follows: 

Investment Rating 1 is for loans that are performing above expectations and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. 

Investment Rating 2 is for loans that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. All new loans are initially rated 2. 

Investment Rating 3 is for loans that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected. Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with financial covenants. 

Investment Rating 4 is for loans that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are often in work out. Investments with a rating of 4 are those for which some loss of return but no loss of principal is expected. 

Investment Rating 5 is for loans that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are almost always in work-out. Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and principal is expected. When a loan is performing below expectations, the Investment Team leverages its deep restructuring and turnaround experience to respond in an appropriate and informed manner to represent the Company s interest and principal. These skills are widely employed to minimize risks associated with underperforming investments and are applied in the investment underwriting process to identify and mitigate potential risks prior to the completion of the transaction. Exit The potential exit scenarios of a portfolio company play an important role in evaluating investment decisions. As such, the Investment Team formulates specific exit strategies at the time of investment. The Investment Team pursues a buy-and-hold strategy with its credit investments, with exits typically occurring prior to the maturity of the loan. Our debt-orientation provides for increased potential exit opportunities, including (i) the sale of investments in the private markets; (ii) the refinancing of investments held, often due to recapitalizations or maturity; and (iii) other liquidity events including the sale or merger of the portfolio company. Equity co-investments are typically realized through a sale of the portfolio company, although we may sell beforehand if the opportunity presents itself and if the team believes it can generate a superior return on investment. Based on historical trends, the Investment Team expects to hold debt investments for two to three years on average. Payment of Our Expenses All investment professionals of the Advisor, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine compensation-related overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by the Advisor and not by us. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 

all direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor for office space rental, office equipment, utilities and other non-compensation related overhead allocable to performance of investment advisory services under the Advisory Agreement by the Advisor, including the costs and expenses of due diligence of potential investments, monitoring performance of our investments, serving as trustees and officers of 
 xii 

Table of Contents 
 portfolio companies, providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies, enforcing our rights in respect of our investments and disposing of investments; 

organizational and offering expenses; 

expenses incurred in valuing our assets and computing our net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

expenses incurred by our administrator or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise related to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and other fees and expenses related to our borrowings; 

expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

offerings of our Common Shares and other securities (excluding placement agent fees for our Common Shares prior to any listing of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange); 

Base Management Fees and Incentive Fees; 

third party investor hosting and similar platforms and service providers; 

administration fees; 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Trustees fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

the costs associated with individual or group stockholders; 

our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, trustees and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors, third-party investor hosting and similar platforms and service providers, and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us, the Advisor, or Stellus Capital Management in connection with administering our business, such as the allocable portion of overhead under the Administration Agreement, 
 xiii 

Table of Contents 
 including rent, and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Distributions; Dividend Reinvestment Program We expect to make quarterly distributions to shareholders. Distributions will be made to shareholders at such times and in such amounts as determined by our Board. In addition, we have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP ), pursuant to which each shareholder will receive dividends in the form of additional common shares of beneficial interest unless they notify the Plan Administrator and our transfer agent and registrar in writing that they instead desire to receive cash. If a shareholder receives dividends in the form of shares, dividend proceeds that otherwise would have been distributed in cash will be retained by us for reinvestment. Shareholders who receive dividends and other distributions in the form of common shares of beneficial interest generally are subject to the same U.S. federal tax consequences as investors who elect to receive their distributions in cash; however, since their cash dividends will be reinvested, those investors will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes on re-invested dividends. A shareholder may elect to receive dividends and other distributions in cash by notifying the Plan Administrator and the our transfer agent and registrar in writing at least 5 business days prior to the distribution date fixed by the Board for such dividend. If such notice is received by the Plan Administrator and our transfer agent and registrar less than 5 business days prior to the relevant distribution date, then that dividend will be paid in the form of Common Shares and any subsequent dividends will be paid in cash. Employees We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Advisor. We have a Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. To the extent necessary, we may hire additional personnel going forward. Our officers are employees of Stellus Capital Management and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and his staff is paid by us pursuant to the administration agreement that we have entered into with Stellus Capital Management (the Administration Agreement ). Management Agreements The Advisor, which is controlled by Stellus Capital Management, serves as our investment adviser and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. In addition, Stellus Capital Management serves as our administrator. Advisory Agreement Subject to the overall supervision of the Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, the Advisor our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement ), the Advisor: 

determines the composition our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to its portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 

executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make; 

determines the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell; 

performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and 

provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 
 xiv 

Table of Contents 
 Under the Advisory Agreement and related fee waiver letter agreement, we will pay the Advisor fees for investment management services consisting of a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). Management Fee Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and a related fee waiver letter agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the Advisor an annual Base Management Fee of 1.50 of gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (including preferred stock, public and private debt issuances, derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and other similar instruments or arrangements) and excluding cash and cash equivalents, and an incentive fee. In addition, pursuant to the fee waiver letter agreement, the Advisor has agreed to waive the Base Management Fee in its entirety until the first fiscal quarter immediately following the two-year anniversary of the initial closing of capital commitments by the Company. For periods thereafter ending on or prior to the date of the quotation or listing of the Company s common shares of beneficial interest on a national securities exchange, the Advisor has agreed to waive the Base Management Fee in excess of 1.00 . The Base Management Fees that have been waived by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. The Base Management Fee will be payable quarterly in arrears and be appropriately prorated for any partial quarter. Incentive Fee The Incentive Fee will consist of two components, an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee, that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. Income-Based Incentive Fee . The portion of the Incentive Fee based on income is determined and paid quarterly in arrears commencing with the first calendar quarter following the Initial Closing Date. It will equal (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 100 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in excess of a 1.5 quarterly hurdle rate, until the Advisor has received 10 of the total Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter and, for pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in excess of 1.6667 quarterly, 10 of all remaining pre- Incentive Fee net investment income for that calendar quarter, and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 100 of the pre- Incentive Fee net investment income in excess of a 1.5 quarterly hurdle rate, until the Advisor has received 15.0 of the total Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter and, for Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of 1.7647 quarterly, 15.0 of all remaining Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter. The 100 catch-up provision for Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the 1.5 hurdle rate is intended to provide the Advisor with an Incentive Fee of (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 10 on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when that amount equals 1.6667 in a calendar quarter (6.6667 annualized), and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 15.0 on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when that amount equals 1.7647 in a calendar quarter (7.00588 annualized), which, in each case, is the rate at which catch-up is achieved. Once the hurdle rate is reached and catch-up is achieved, (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 10 of any Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of 1.6667 in any calendar quarter is payable to the Advisor, and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 15.0 of any Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of 1.7647 in any calendar quarter is payable to the Advisor. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, fee income, distribution/dividend income and any other income accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement but excluding any Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature, accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. The Advisor is not obligated to return the Incentive Fee based on income it receives on deferred interest that is later determined to be uncollectible in cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Income Incentive Fee shall be paid to the Advisor for any quarter only to the extent that, after such payment, the cumulative Income Incentive Fees paid to the Advisor for the period that includes the then-current fiscal quarter and the three full preceding fiscal quarters (the Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period is less 
 xv 

Table of Contents 
 than or equal to, prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 10 and, subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 15 of our Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period (the Income Incentive Fee Cap ). Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period means the sum of (a) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each period during the relevant Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period and (b) the sum of realized capital gains and unrealized capital appreciation during the applicable Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period less the sum of realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation during the applicable Income Incentive Fee Look-back Period. The income-Based incentive fees that have been waived prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The capital gains component of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement, as of the termination date), is equal to, prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 10.0 and, subsequent to an listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, 15 of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from inception through the end of that calendar year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. If such amount is negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. The capital gains based incentive fees that have been waived prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee: Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) Percentage of Pre-incentive Fee Net Investment Income Allocated to Income-Related Portion of Incentive Fee The capital gains component of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement, as of the termination date), is equal to 10.0 of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from inception through the end of that calendar year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. If such amount is negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the investment advisory agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. 
 xvi 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee before Total Return Requirement Calculation: Alternative 1 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.5 Management fee(2) = 0.25 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.8 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no income-related incentive fee. Alternative 2 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.8 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.5 Management fee(2) = 0.25 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 1.35 Incentive fee = 100 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (subject to catch-up )(4) = 100 (1.35 1.0 = 0.35 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the catch-up provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.35 . Alternative 3 Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.5 Management fee(2) = 0.25 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.2 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 3.05 Incentive fee = 100 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (subject to catch-up Incentive fee = 100 catch-up + (10.0 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 1.5 )) Catch-up = 1.5 1.0 = 0.5 Incentive fee = (100 0.5 + (10.0 (3.05 1.5 )) = 0.5 + (10.0 1.55 = 0.5 + 0.155 = 0.555 
 xvii 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the catch-up provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.555 . (1) Represents 6.0 annualized hurdle rate. (2) Represents 1.0 annualized base management fee. (3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. (4) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Advisor with an incentive fee of 10.0 on all pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 1.5 in any fiscal quarter. Example 2: Income Portion of Incentive Fee with Total Return Requirement Calculation: Alternative 1: Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.5 Management fee(2) = 0.25 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 3.05 Cumulative incentive compensation accrued and/or paid for preceding 11 calendar quarters = 9,000,000 10.0 of cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over current and preceding 11 calendar quarters = 8,000,000 Although our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.0 (as shown in Alternative 3 of Example 1 above), no incentive fee is payable because 10.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters did not exceed the cumulative income and capital gains incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the preceding 11 calendar quarters. Alternative 2: Assumptions Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.5 Management fee(2) = 0.25 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 3.05 Cumulative incentive compensation accrued and/or paid for preceding 11 calendar quarters = 9,000,000 10.0 of cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over current and preceding 11 calendar quarters = 10,000,000 Because our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.5 and because 10.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters exceeds the cumulative income and capital gains incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the preceding 11 calendar quarters, an incentive fee would be payable, as shown in Alternative 3 of Example 1 above. (1) Represents 6.0 annualized hurdle rate. (2) Represents 1.5 annualized base management fee. 
 xviii 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. (4) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Advisor with an incentive fee of 10.0 on all pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 1.5 in any fiscal quarter. Example 3: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee( ): Alternative 1: Assumptions Year 1: 2.0 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 3.0 million investment made in Company B Investment B Year 2: Investment A sold for 6.0 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 3.5 million Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 2.0 million Year 4: Investment B sold for 3.25 million The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: Year 1: None Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of 0.40 million 4.0 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 10.0 Year 3: None; 0.30 million (10.0 multiplied by 4.0 million realized cumulative capital gains less 1.0 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 0.40 million (previous capital gains fee paid) Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of 25,000; 0.425 million 4.25 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 10.0 less 0.40 million (capital gains incentive fee taken in Year 2) Alternative 2 Assumptions Year 1: 2.0 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 5.25 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 4.5 million investment made in Company C Investment C Year 2: Investment A sold for 4.5 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 4.75 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 4.5 million Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 5.0 million and Investment C sold for 5.5 million Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 6.0 million Year 5: Investment B sold for 4.0 million The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: Year 1: None Year 2: 0.20 million capital gains incentive fee; 10.0 multiplied by 2.0 million 2.5 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 0.5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) Year 3: 0.125 million capital gains incentive fee(1); 0.325 million (10.0 multiplied by 3.25 million 3.5 million cumulative realized capital gains less 0.25 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 0.20 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 Year 4: : 0.025 million capital gains incentive fee 0.35 million 3.50 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 10.0 less 0.325 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3 Year 5: None; 0.225 million (10.0 multiplied by 2.25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 3.5 million less realized capital losses of 1.25 million)) less 0.35 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2, and Year 3 and Year 4(2) 
 xix 

Table of Contents 
 The hypothetical amounts of returns shown are based on a percentage of our total net assets and assume no leverage. There is no guarantee that positive returns will be realized and actual returns may vary from those shown in this example. Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement We have entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Advisor which provides that we will not bear more than an amount equal to 50 basis points of our total assets per annum (pro-rated for partial years) for our operating expenses (the Operating Expense Cap and obligate the Advisor to pay all amounts in excess of the Operating Expense Cap on behalf of us. Any expense support payment (an Expense Payment that the Advisor pays must be paid by the Advisor to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Advisor or its affiliates. Following any quarter in which our Covered Operating Expenses are less than the Operating Expense Cap, we will pay the differential amount or a portion thereof, in each case less any amount thereof used as an offset as provided in the Expense Support Agreement, to the Advisor until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Advisor to us within the three years prior to the last business day of such quarter have been reimbursed (such payment by us is referred to herein as the Reimbursement Payment ). Our obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of us and the right to such Reimbursement Payment shall be an asset of the Advisor on the last business day of the applicable three-year period referred to in this paragraph. For purposes of the foregoing, our operating expenses for which the Operating Expense Cap and conditional reimbursement mechanism described above will apply are as follows (such operating expenses are referred to herein as Covered Operating Expenses ): 

all direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor and reimbursed by us for office space rental, office equipment, utilities and other non-compensation related overhead allocable to performance of investment advisory services under the Advisory Agreement, including the costs and expenses of due diligence of potential investments, monitoring performance of our investments, serving as trustees and officers of portfolio companies, providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies, enforcing our rights in respect of our investments and disposing of investments; 

expenses incurred in valuing our assets and computing our net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

expenses incurred by our administrator or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise related to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

administration fees; 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

federal and state registration fees; 

Independent Trustees fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

the costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 
 xx 

Table of Contents 

our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, trustees and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors, and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us, the Advisor or its affiliates in connection with the administering our business, such as the allocable portion of overhead under the Administration Agreement, including rent, and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. For the avoidance of doubt, Covered Operating Expenses do not include organizational and offering expenses; costs relating to the offerings of our Common Shares and other securities (including underwriting, placement agent and similar fees and commissions); interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and other fees and expenses related to our borrowings; U.S. federal, state and local taxes; federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange; Base Management Fees and Incentive Fees payable to the Advisor; and third party investor hosting and similar platforms and service providers. The Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement also provide that: 

if, at any calendar quarter end, our adjusted debt to equity ratio exceeds 1.25:1, then the Advisor will pay Covered Operating Expenses on behalf of us (in addition to the amounts paid pursuant to the Operating Expense Cap, if any) in an amount equal to 6.25 basis points (25 basis points per annum) of the value of the assets attributable to debt in excess of the 1.25:1 debt to equity ratio; provided , however , that any payments made by the Advisor in accordance with the foregoing bullet point will not be subject to the conditional reimbursement mechanism described above or otherwise subject to reimbursement by us. In addition, our adjusted debt to equity ratio shall not exceed 1.5:1. For purposes of the foregoing determinations, (1) the value of the assets used to calculate the equity component of our adjusted debt to equity ratio will be the cost basis (and not fair value) thereof; and (2) debt drawn from a subscription line of credit shall not be included in the value of the debt used to calculate our adjusted debt to equity ratio. Any placement agent fees relating to our Common Shares prior to any listing of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange will be paid by the Advisor, and such fees will not be subject to reimbursement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any underwriting, placement agent and similar fees and commissions relating to the Exchange Listing (as defined below) of our Common Shares will be incurred and paid by us. Duration and Termination Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for a period of two years from its effective date. It will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of the Independent Trustees. The Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by the Advisor and may be terminated by the Board or the Advisor without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice. Indemnification The Advisory Agreement provides that the Advisor and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any 
 xxi 

Table of Contents 
 damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Advisor s services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. Board Approval of Advisory Agreement Our Board, including a majority of our Independent Trustees, approved the Advisory Agreement at its first meeting, held on December 21, 2021, by virtual means in reliance on relief provided by the SEC in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a condition of the SEC s COVID-19 relief, our Board will be required to ratify the approval of the Investment Management Agreement at its next in-person meeting. In its consideration of the Advisory Agreement, the Board focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by our investment adviser; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; (c) our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; (d) any existing and potential sources of indirect income to our investment adviser from its relationships with us and the profitability of those relationships; (e) information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement; (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of our investment adviser; and (g) various other factors. Based on the information reviewed and discussions, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, concluded the Advisory Agreement fee rates and terms are reasonable in relation to the services to be provided and approved the Advisory Agreement as being in the best interests of our shareholders. Administration Agreement Under the Administration Agreement, Stellus Capital Management furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and will provide us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Stellus Capital Management also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include being responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our shareholders and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, Stellus Capital Management assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to our shareholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, Stellus Capital Management also provides managerial assistance on our behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review of the Board) of Stellus Capital Management s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and his staff. In addition, if requested to provide significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, Stellus Capital Management will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided, which shall not exceed the amount that we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration Agreement has an initial term of two years and may be renewed with the approval of the Board. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that Stellus Capital Management outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to Stellus Capital Management. The Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, will review the reimbursement payments made by us to the Administrator to determine if the provisions of the Administration Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the reimbursement payments under the Administration Agreement are reasonable in light of the services provided. 
 xxii 

Table of Contents 
 Indemnification The Administration Agreement provides that Stellus Capital Management, its affiliates and their respective, officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Stellus Capital Management s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as the Administrator. License Agreement We have entered into a license agreement with Stellus Capital Management under which Stellus Capital Management has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Stellus Capital. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the Stellus Capital name for so long as the Advisor, Stellus Capital Management or one of their affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Stellus Capital name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Advisory Agreement with the Advisor is in effect. Determination of Net Asset Value The net asset value per share of our outstanding Common Shares is determined quarterly by dividing the value of total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares outstanding. In calculating the value of our total assets, investment transactions will be recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses will be computed using the specific identification method. Investments for which market quotations are readily available may be valued at such market quotations. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market price is not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board based on the input of the Advisor s investment professionals and our audit committee. In addition, the Advisor retains one or more independent valuation firms to review at least twice annually, the valuation of each portfolio investment for which a market quotation is not readily available. We have adopted Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ). This accounting statement requires us to assume that the portfolio investment is assumed to be sold in the principal market to market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC 820, the market in which we can exit portfolio investments with the greatest volume and level activity is considered our principal market. A readily available market value is not expected to exist for most of the investments in our portfolio, and we value these portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board under a valuation policy and process. The types of factors that the Board may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparisons of financial ratios portfolio company to peer companies that are public, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate its valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ materially from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different from the valuations currently assigned. 
 xxiii 

Table of Contents 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Board undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Advisor responsible for the portfolio investment; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior investment professionals and the Advisor; 

at least twice annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment is reviewed by an independent valuation firm; 

the audit committee of the Board then reviews these preliminary valuations; and 

the Board then discusses the valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Advisor s investment professionals, the independent valuation firm and the audit committee. In following these approaches, the types of factors that are taken into account in determining the fair value of our investments include, as relevant, but are not limited to: 

available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables; 

applicable market yields and multiples; 

security covenants; 

call protection provisions; 

information rights; 

the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 

the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows and the markets in which it does business; 

comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public; 

comparable merger and acquisition transactions; and 

the principal market and enterprise values. Certain BDC Regulation Considerations A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. As a BDC, we must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. SEC Reporting We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which includes annual and quarterly reporting requirements. 
 xxiv 

Table of Contents 
 Governance We are a statutory trust and, as such, are governed by a Board of Trustees. The 1940 Act requires that a majority of our trustees be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of its business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw its election as, a BDC unless approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities. Ownership Restrictions We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds, a BDC generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of its total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of its total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. Qualifying Ass e ts Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made and after giving effect to such acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company (as defined in the 1940 Act), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by us or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and satisfies any of the following: has an equity capitalization of less than 250 million or does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result thereof, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its 
 xxv 

Table of Contents 
 securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities (as defined in the 1940 Act) or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 Plan Assets U.S. Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA (the Plan Assets Regulation describes what constitutes the assets of a Plan i.e. , (i) employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that are subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) plans subject to Section 4975 of the Code, including individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans, and (iii) any entities whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan s investment in such entities) with respect to the Plan s investment in an entity for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Assets Regulation, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity that is not a publicly offered security (as discussed below) then the Plan s assets will include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of the entity, unless either (i) the entity is an operating company or (ii) equity participation in the entity by Benefit Plan Investors (as defined below) is not significant, each as discussed below. Under the Plan Assets Regulation, investment in an entity is significant if participation by Benefit Plan Investors equals or exceeds 25 of any class of equity of us. For these purposes, the term Benefit Plan Investor is defined as (a) any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA, (b) any plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (c) any entity whose underlying assets include Plan assets by reason of a Plan s investment in the entity. For purposes of the 25 determination, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such person (each of the foregoing, a Controlling Person is disregarded. The Plan Assets Regulation defines a publicly-offered security as a security that is widely held, freely transferable, and either part of a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act or sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act if the securities are registered under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the public offering occurred. For these purposes, a security is considered widely held only if it is part of a class of securities that is owned by 100 or more investors that are independent of the issuer and of one another. A security will not fail to be widely held because the number of independent investors falls below 100 subsequent to the initial offering as a result of events beyond the issuer s control. In addition, the Plan Assets Regulation provides that whether a security is freely transferable is a factual question to be determined on the basis of all relevant facts and circumstances. The Plan Assets Regulation further provides that, when a security is part of an offering in which the minimum investment is 10,000 or less, as is the case with the Private Offering, certain restrictions ordinarily will not, alone or in combination, affect the finding that such securities are freely transferable. It is noted that the Plan Assets Regulation only establishes a presumption in favor of the finding of free transferability where the restrictions are consistent with the particular types of restrictions listed in the Plan Assets Regulation. Until such time as Common Shares constitute a publicly-offered security under the Plan Assets Regulation, the Advisor intends to operate us so that our assets will not be considered plan assets. In that regard, the Advisor will seek to limit investment in us by Benefit Plan Investors to less than 25 of each class of equity interests in us, based upon assurance provided by investors. 
 xxvi 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on Leverage As a BDC, we generally must have at least 150 asset coverage for our debt after incurring any new indebtedness, meaning that for every 100 of net assets we hold, we may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities. We may use leverage for investments, working capital, expenses and general corporate purposes (including to pay dividends or distributions). As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 200 . Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies A BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in Qualifying Assets above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. Where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, the BDC will satisfy this test if one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Temporary Investments As a BDC, pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to, collectively, as temporary investments, such that at least 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. When investing in temporary investments, we will typically invest in highly rated commercial paper, U.S. Government agency notes, U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements relating to such securities that are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, certain diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes will typically require us to limit the amount it invests with any one counterparty. Senior Securities We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to the Common Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 after each such issuance. In addition, while any preferred stock or publicly traded debt securities are outstanding, we may be prohibited from making distributions to our stockholders or the repurchasing of such securities or shares unless it meets the 150 asset coverage ratio at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. The 1940 Act imposes limitations on a BDC s issuance of preferred shares, which are considered senior securities subject to the 150 asset coverage requirement described above. In addition, (i) preferred shares must have the same voting rights as the common shareholders (one share one vote); and (ii) preferred stockholders must have the right, as a class, to appoint two trustees to the Board of Trustees. Code of Ethics As a BDC, we and the Advisor must adopt a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. We and the Advisor have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j 1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each such code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with such code s requirements. In addition, each code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database 
 xxvii 

Table of Contents 
 on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of each code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures The Advisor votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives to be in the best interest of our shareholders. The Advisor reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities we hold. In most cases the Advisor will vote in favor of proposals that it believes are likely to increase the value of the portfolio securities we hold. Although the Advisor will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative effect on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. The Advisor has established a proxy voting committee and adopted proxy voting guidelines and related procedures. The proxy voting committee establishes proxy voting guidelines and procedures, oversees the internal proxy voting process, and reviews proxy voting issues. To ensure that the Advisor s vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it requires that anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote. Where conflicts of interest may be present, the Advisor will disclose such conflicts to us, including our independent directors, and may request guidance from us on how to vote such proxies. Privacy Principles Any and all nonpublic personal information received by us and/or the Advisor with respect to investors in us who are natural persons, including the information provided to us by an investor in subscription documents, will not be shared with nonaffiliated third parties which are not service providers to us and/or the Advisor. Such service providers include but are not limited to our Administrator, auditors and legal advisors. Additionally, we and/or the Advisor may disclose such nonpublic personal information as required by law. Other Considerations As a BDC, we will not generally be able to issue and sell our Common Shares at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, issue and sell our Common Shares, at a price below the current net asset value of the Common Shares, or issue and sell warrants, options or rights to acquire such Common Shares, at a price below the current net asset value of the Common Shares if the Board determines that such sale is in our best interest and in the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders have approved the policy and practice of making such sales within the preceding 12 months. In any such case, the price at which the securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of the Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities. As a BDC, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. We and the Advisor are each required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 xxviii 

Table of Contents 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; pursuant to Rule 13 a 15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting after we have been subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for a specified period of time and, starting from the date on which we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm should we become an accelerated filer; and pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13 a 15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. JOBS Act We are, and expect to remain, an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, until the earliest of: t he last day of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion; 
 the last day of our fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement; the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt , or the last day of a fiscal year in which we (1) have an aggregate worldwide market value of our Common Shares held by non-affiliates of 700.0 million or more, computed at the end of each fiscal year as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and (2) have been an Exchange Act reporting company for at least one year (and filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act). Under the JOBS Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank ), we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, until such time as we cease to be an emerging growth company and become an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. In addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the extended transition period. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion is a summary of some of the U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to an investment in us as a shareholder, including U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to a BDC. It is based upon the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings of the IRS and court decisions, all as in effect on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All of the above authorities are subject to change (possibly retroactively) by legislative or administrative action. 
 xxix 

Table of Contents 
 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a shareholder, in each case, that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust if a court within the United States can exercise primary supervision over its administration and certain other conditions are met. A Non-U.S. Holder is a shareholder who is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds any Common Shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner of the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Partnerships holding Common Shares, and persons holding interests in such partnerships, should each consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences of investing in the Common Shares in their individual circumstances. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT DISCUSS ALL OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR OR TO INVESTORS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL TREATMENT AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE. ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE SPECIFIC FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, ESTATE AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN US. Taxation of RIC Operations Generally . We qualify and intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we will be able to deduct qualifying distributions to our shareholders, so that we are subject to U.S. federal income taxation only in respect of earnings that we retain and do not distribute. In addition, certain distributions made to our shareholders may be eligible for look-through tax treatment determined by reference to the earnings from which the distribution is made. In order to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, (a) at all times during each taxable year maintain our election under the 1940 Act to be treated as a BDC; (b) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities and other specified categories of investment income; and (c) diversify our holdings so that, subject to certain exceptions and cure periods, at the end of each quarter of our taxable year (i) at least 50 of the value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, provided that such other securities do not include any amount of any one issuer, if our holdings of such issuer are greater in value than 5 of our total assets or greater than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (ii) no more than 25 of the value of our assets may be invested in (i) securities (excluding U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs) of any one issuer, (ii) the securities (excluding securities of other RICs) of any two or more issuers that are controlled by us and are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or business, (iii) or the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. As a RIC, in any taxable year with respect to which we distribute (or is treated as distributing) at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses and other taxable income other than any net capital gain reduced by deductible expenses), we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our investment company taxable income and net capital gains that are distributed to shareholders. If we fail to distribute our income on a timely basis, we 
 xxx 

Table of Contents 
 will be subject to a nondeductible 4 excise tax. To avoid this tax, we must distribute (or be deemed to have distributed) during each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: (1) at least 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; (2) at least 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and (3) any undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. We are generally expected to distribute substantially all of our earnings on a quarterly basis, though one or more of the considerations described below could result in the deferral of dividend distributions until the end of the fiscal year: (1) We may make investments that are subject to tax rules that require us to include amounts in income before cash corresponding to that income is received, or that defer or limit our ability to claim the benefit of deductions or losses. For example, if we hold securities issued with original issue discount, such discount will be included in income in the taxable year of accrual and before any corresponding cash payments are received. (2) In cases where our taxable income exceeds our available cash flow, we will need to fund distributions with the proceeds of sale of securities or with borrowed money, and will raise funds for this purpose opportunistically over the course of the year. In certain circumstances e.g. , where we are required to recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income), we may have difficulty making distributions in the amounts necessary to satisfy the requirements for maintaining RIC status and for avoiding income and excise taxes. Accordingly, we may have to sell investments at times we would not otherwise consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and thereby be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we will not be permitted to make distributions to our shareholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the diversification tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the annual distribution requirement or to avoid the excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long- term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 gross income test described above. Certain distributions reported by us as Section 163(j) interest dividends may be treated as interest income by shareholders for purposes of the tax rules applicable to interest expense limitations under Section 163(j) of the Code. Such treatment by the shareholders is generally subject to holding period requirements and other potential limitations, although the holding period requirements are generally not applicable to dividends declared by money market funds and certain other funds that declare dividends daily and pay such dividends on a monthly or more frequent basis. The amount we are eligible to report as a Section 163(j) dividend for a tax year is generally limited to the excess of our business interest 
 xxxi 

Table of Contents 
 income over the sum of our (i) business interest expense and (ii) other deductions properly allocable to our business interest income. A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income, we could incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its shareholders. In addition, deductible expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC cannot use any net capital losses (that is, the excess of realized capital losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income, but could carry forward such net capital losses, and use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we could for U.S. federal income tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several taxable years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to the shareholders even if such taxable income is greater than the net income we actually earns during those taxable years. While we are expected to distribute income and capital gains in the manner necessary to minimize imposition of the 4 excise tax, we may not be able to distribute amounts sufficient to avoid the imposition of the tax entirely. In that event, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. Under certain circumstances, the Advisor may, in its sole discretion, determine that it is in the interests of us to retain rather than distribute some amount of income and capital gains, and accordingly cause us to bear the excise tax burden associated therewith. In the event we invest in foreign securities, we may be subject to withholding and other foreign taxes with respect to those securities. We are not expected to satisfy the requirement to pass through to shareholders their share of the foreign taxes paid by us. If in any particular taxable year, we do not qualify as a RIC, and certain remedial provisions are not available, all of our taxable income (including net capital gains) will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to shareholders, and distributions will be taxable to shareholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate shareholders may be eligible to claim a dividends received deduction with respect to such distributions, non-corporate shareholders may be able to treat such dividend income as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, to requalify as a RIC in a subsequent year we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years Taxation of U.S. Holders Distributions from our investment company taxable income (consisting generally of net investment income, net short-term capital gain, and net gains from certain foreign currency transactions) generally will be taxable to U.S. Holders as ordinary income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Distributions generally will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction available to corporate shareholders. Distributions that we report as net capital gain distributions will be taxable to U.S. Holders as long-term capital gain regardless of how long such U.S. Holders have held their shares. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. Holder s adjusted tax basis in such U.S. Holder s Common Shares and, after the adjusted tax basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. Holder. Distributions declared by us in October, November, or December of any year and payable to shareholders of record on a specified date in such a month will be deemed to have been paid by us on December 31 st of the previous calendar year if the distributions are paid during the following January. Accordingly, distributions received in January may be subject to taxation in the preceding year. 
 xxxii 

Table of Contents 
 Although we intend to distribute net long-term capital gains at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our net long-term capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on the retained amount, each U.S. Holder will be required to include its share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. Holder, and the U.S. Holder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to its allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. Holder s adjusted tax basis for their Common Shares. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained capital gains at our regular corporate capital gain tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by non-corporate U.S. Holders on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that non-corporate U.S. Holders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gains. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. Holder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a shareholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A shareholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form to claim a refund for the taxes paid by us. To utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our shareholders. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. If a U.S. Holder sells or exchanges its shares of us, the holder will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between its adjusted tax basis in the shares sold and the amount received. Any such gain or loss will be treated as a capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the shares have been held for more than one year. Any loss recognized on a sale or exchange of shares that were held for six months or less will be treated as long-term, rather than short-term, capital loss to the extent of any capital gain distributions previously received (or deemed to be received) thereon. We or the applicable withholding agent will be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax backup withholding currently at a rate of 24 from all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. Holder (1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such shareholder is exempt from backup withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such shareholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number generally is his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such shareholder to a refund, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. An additional 3.8 Medicare tax is imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our Common Shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust) exceed certain threshold amounts. Limitations on Deductibility of Certain Losses and Expenses . If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) for any calendar year, then a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or trust may be subject to limitations on miscellaneous itemized deductions in respect of its share of expenses that we incur, to the extent that the expenses would have been subject to limitations if the holder had incurred them directly. For taxable years beginning before 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are not deductible by a U.S. Holder that is an individual, trust or estate. For taxable years beginning in 2026 or later, miscellaneous itemized deductions are deductible only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. Holder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. Holder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are not deductible for purposes of determining a U.S. Holder s liability for the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and are subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. In this case, we would be required to report the relevant income and expenses, including the Base Management Fee, on Form 1099-DIV, and affected holders will be required to take into account their allocable share of such income and expenses. There is no assurance that we will be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company at any time or all times. 
 xxxiii 

Table of Contents 
 Tax-Exempt Investors . The direct conduct by a tax-exempt U.S. Holder of the activities that we are expected to conduct could give rise to unrelated business taxable income or UBTI. However, a RIC is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its shareholders for purposes of determining treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. Holder should not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation solely as a result of the holder s ownership of our shares and receipt of dividends that it pays. Moreover, under current law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to portfolio investors in its stock. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. Holder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed property and dividends paid by us should not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income solely as a result of indebtedness that the we incur. Proposals periodically are made to change the treatment of blocker investment vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying investments. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to RICs, the treatment of dividends payable to tax-exempt investors could be adversely affected. Non-U.S. Holders . Distributions of our investment company taxable income to Non-U.S. Holders (including interest income, net short-term capital gain or non-U.S.-source dividend and interest income, generally will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits unless the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. Holder, in which case the distributions will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. For a corporate Non-U.S. Holder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our Common Shares that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business could, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). In each such case, we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the Non-U.S. Holder complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements. Special certification requirements apply to a Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors. Certain properly reported dividends are generally exempt from withholding of U.S. federal income tax where paid in respect of a RIC s (i) qualified net interest income (generally, its U.S.-source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which the RIC or the non-U.S. Holder is at least a 10 shareholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income) or (ii) qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of the RIC s net short-term capital gain, other than short-term capital gains recognized on the disposition of U.S. real property interests, over the RIC s long-term capital loss), as well as if certain other requirements are satisfied. Nevertheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be eligible for this exemption from withholding of U.S. federal income tax or, if eligible, will be reported as such by us. Furthermore, in the case of shares of Company stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary may have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we reported the payment as an interest-related dividend or short-term capital gain dividend. Since our Common Shares are subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our Common Shares will generally be illiquid, non-U.S. Holders whose distributions on our Common Shares are subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax may not be able to transfer their shares of our Common Shares easily or quickly or at all. Non-U.S. Holders generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on capital gains realized on the sale of our shares or on actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gains unless such gains are effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business by the holder and, if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment in the United States, or the holder is present in the United States for 183 or more days during the taxable year; and the holder is a former citizen or resident of the United States. The amount of dividends that we pay to any Non-U.S. Holder will be reported to the Non-U.S. Holder and to the IRS annually on an IRS Form 1042-S, regardless of whether any tax was actually withheld. Copies of these information returns may also be made available under the provisions of a specific income tax treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides. However, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to backup withholding and certain other information reporting with respect to payments that we make to the Non-U.S. Holder, provided that we do not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such Non-U.S. Holder is a United States person, within the meaning of the Code, and the Non-U.S. Holder has given us or the dividend paying agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an acceptable substitute form) establishing that it is a Non-U.S. Holder or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld 
 xxxiv 

Table of Contents 
 from payments made to the Non-U.S. Holder may be refunded or credited against its U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. A RIC is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under current law, a Non-U.S. Holder will not be considered to be engaged in the conduct of a business in the United States solely by reason of its ownership in a RIC. Proposals periodically are made to change the treatment of blocker investment vehicles interposed between non-U.S. investors and investments that would otherwise result in such investors being considered to be engaged in the conduct of a business in the United States. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to RICs, the treatment of dividends payable to foreign investors could be adversely affected. An investment in Common Shares by a non-U.S. person could also be subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax, U.S. federal estate tax, withholding tax and state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of our Common Shares. FATCA Compliance . Legislation commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, generally imposes a 30 withholding tax on payments of certain types of income to foreign financial institutions FFIs unless such FFIs either: (i) enter into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to report certain required information with respect to accounts held by certain specified U.S. persons (or held by foreign entities that have certain specified U.S. persons as substantial owners) or (ii) reside in a jurisdiction that has entered into an intergovernmental agreement IGA with the United States to collect and share such information and are in compliance with the terms of such IGA and any enabling legislation or regulations. The types of income subject to the tax include U.S. source interest and dividends. While the Code would also require withholding on payments of the gross proceeds from the sale of any property that could produce U.S. source interest or dividends, the U.S. Treasury has indicated its intent to eliminate this requirement in subsequent proposed regulations, which state that taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. The information required to be reported includes the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder that is a specified U.S. person and transaction activity within the holder s account. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, FATCA also imposes a 30 withholding on certain payments to certain foreign entities that are not FFIs unless such foreign entities certify that they do not have a greater than 10 U.S. owner that is a specified U.S. person or provide the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10 U.S. owner that is a specified U.S. person. Depending on the status of a Non-U.S. Holder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their Common Shares, Non-U.S. Holders could be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their Common Shares. Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. Holder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. 
 xxxv 

Table of Contents 
 
 xxxvi 

Table of Contents 
 
 xxxvii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xxxviii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xxxix 

Table of Contents 
 
 xl 

Table of Contents 
 
 xli 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xliii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xliv 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlv 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlvi 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlvii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlviii 

Table of Contents 
 
 xlix 

Table of Contents 
 
 l 

Table of Contents 
 
 li 

Table of Contents 
 
 lii 

Table of Contents 
 
 liii 

Table of Contents 
 
 liv 

Table of Contents 
 
 lv 

Table of Contents 
 
 lvi 

Table of Contents 
 
 lvii 

Table of Contents 
 
 lviii 

Table of Contents 
 
 lix 

Table of Contents 
 
 lx 

Table of Contents 
 
 lxi 

Table of Contents 
 
 lxii 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are currently located at Stellus Private Credit BDC, 4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 2200, Houston, Texas 77027, where we occupy office space pursuant to the Administration Agreement with Stellus Capital. We believe that our current office facilities are adequate to meet our needs. 
 lxiii 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings Neither we nor the Advisor are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings. To our knowledge, there is no material legal proceeding threatened against us or the Advisor. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We do not intend to list our shares on a national securities exchange (except as described immediately below), and the Board does not expect to complete a liquidity event within any specific time period, if at all. On or before the eighth year anniversary of the Initial Closing Date (the Eighth Year Anniversary ), we will offer its shareholders the option to elect to either (i) retain their ownership of Common Shares (after which we may, among other things, continue to operate as a BDC or seek to complete the quotation or listing of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange (the Exchange Listing ), including in connection with an initial public offering thereof, or another liquidity event) or (ii) exchange their Common Shares for shares in a newly formed entity (the New Investment Vehicle ). In order to effectuate this option, we expect that we would need to, among other things, transfer to the New Investment Vehicle, in exchange for newly issued shares of the New Investment Vehicle, a pro rata portion of our assets and liabilities attributable to the stockholders that have elected to invest in the New Investment Vehicle, and thereafter exchange the New Investment Vehicle shares received for the Common Shares of the electing stockholders (such transfer of assets and liabilities and the mechanics relating thereto are referred to herein as the Spin-Off ). Because the 1940 Act prohibits entities under common control like us and the New Investment Vehicle from engaging in certain transactions, we will likely be required to obtain exemptive and/or no-action relief from the SEC to permit it to transfer assets to the New Investment Vehicle, as well as with respect to other aspects relating to the Spin-Off. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such exemptive and/or no-action relief from the SEC. If we do obtain such exemptive and/or no-action relief and one or more of our shareholders have elected to exchange their Common Shares for shares in the New Investment Vehicle in connection with the Spin-Off, then the Board will then make the determination as to when it is appropriate for it to effectuate the Spin-Off; provided , however , the Board will effectuate the Spin-Off (i) in connection with a liquidity event described in the section entitled Liquidity Event below or similar events or (ii) within the six-month period following the Eighth Year Anniversary if it has not already done so by then. If the Spin-Off is effectuated, for those shareholders who elect to exchange their Common Shares for shares in the New Investment Vehicle, the New Investment Vehicle will not make any new investments thereafter but may (1) complete any portfolio investments in process at the time thereof; (2) continue to draw down on capital commitments to pay outstanding liabilities and expenses of the New Investment Vehicle or to make such investments as the Advisor deems appropriate to protect the value of investments that were held as of the date of the Spin-Off and (3) use its commercially reasonable efforts to wind down or liquidate and dissolve the New Investment Vehicle as its investments are repaid and sold in the normal course. In addition, the expense support aspect (but not the conditional reimbursement aspect) of the Expense Support Agreement and the Operating Expense Cap will no longer be of any force or effect subsequent to the Spin-Off with respect to the New Investment Vehicle. The Advisor s goal is to structure the New Investment Vehicle as a liquidating trust or private fund in order to minimize overhead and operating costs but the ultimate structuring thereof will be dictated by the SEC in connection with the receipt of the aforementioned exemptive and/or no-action relief and, as a result, may need to be structured as a private BDC. Subsequent to any Exchange Listing, we will pay the Advisor (i) a base management fee calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of our average gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage but 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and (ii) the Income Incentive Fee and Capital Gains Incentive Fee described above except that all of the 10 figures referenced therein, including with respect to the Income Incentive Fee Cap, will be increased to 15 . In addition, the expense support aspect (but not the conditional reimbursement aspect) of the Expense Support Agreement and the Operating Expense Cap will no longer be of any force or effect subsequent thereto with respect to us. Liquidity Event A liquidity event could include an Exchange Listing or a merger or another transaction in which shareholders will receive cash or shares of a publicly traded company, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets either on a complete portfolio basis or individually followed by a liquidation and distribution of cash to our shareholder. A liquidity event also may include a sale, merger or other transaction with one or more affiliated investment companies managed by the Advisor. A liquidity event involving a merger or sale of all or substantially all of our assets would require the approval of our stockholders in accordance with our organizational documents. In making a determination of whether and what type of liquidity event is in the best interests of our shareholders, the Board, including the Independent Trustees, may consider a variety of criteria, including but not limited to such factors as the trading prices of other comparable vehicles that are publicly traded, portfolio diversification and allocation, portfolio performance, our financial condition, potential access to capital and the potential for stockholder liquidity. At this time, we do not know what circumstances will exist in the future and therefore we do not know what factors the Board will consider in determining whether or when to pursue a liquidity event in the future. Prior to a liquidity event, our share repurchase program, if implemented, may provide a limited opportunity for our shareholders to have their Common Shares repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations, at a price which may reflect a discount from the purchase price paid for the shares being repurchased. See Discretionary Repurchase of Shares below. Key Person Event If at any time prior to the Eighth Year Anniversary, any two of Dean D Angelo, Robert T. Ladd, Joshua T. Davis and any KP Replacement (as defined below) for any of such individuals who is approved pursuant to the terms hereof cease, for any reason, to devote a substantial amount of their business time in a senior management capacity to the Advisor, Stellus Capital Management and their respective affiliates and other investment vehicles managed by such entities (a Key Person Event ), then the Advisor shall promptly notify our shareholders of such Key Person Event. Upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event, we shall suspend drawdown purchases under the Subscription Agreements, except as set forth below. Within 30 days of the occurrence of the Key Person Event, we shall convene a meeting of the Independent Trustees to determine whether to reinstate drawdown purchases, including the consideration of any KP Replacement (a KPE Meeting ). If a majority of our Independent Trustees vote in favor of the proposal to reinstate drawdown purchases, including by approving any KP Replacement recommended by the Advisor, drawdown purchases shall be reinstated and continued, effective as of the date of the KPE Meeting, and our shareholders will be obligated to fund Capital Contributions as if a Key Person Event had never occurred. Otherwise, the obligation to fund drawdown purchases shall be deemed to have terminated as of the date of the KPE Meeting. A KP Replacement means a senior investment professional selected by the Advisor and approved by either (i) a majority of the Independent Trustees or (ii) the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares. Notwithstanding any suspension or termination of drawdown purchases pursuant to a Key Person Event, we may draw down Capital Commitments for (i) any proposed Company investment with respect to which we have entered into a legally binding agreement to invest prior to the date of such Key Person Event, (ii) any follow-on investments in portfolio companies in which we were invested as of the date of the Key Person Event, (iii) any Company expenses, including any amounts that may become due under any indemnity obligations or other liabilities and including expenses under the Administration Agreement or Advisory Agreement, or (iv) allowing us to satisfy any of our obligations in respect of any borrowings or other extensions of credit entered into prior to the date of such Key Person Event, which are secured, in whole or in part, by the Capital Commitments. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Transfer and Resale Restrictions Our Common Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act. The Common Shares issued in the Private Offering are exempt from registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of and Regulation D under the Securities Act. Because our Common Shares were acquired by investors in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they will be restricted securities. The Common Shares offered and sold in the Private Offering may not be sold or transferred (i) except as permitted under the Subscription Agreement, including in connection with transfers to us in connection with our share repurchase program and (ii) unless they are registered under the Securities Act and under any other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration thereunder is available (in which case the shareholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the Common Shares until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Common Shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Common Shares and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by us. Dividends We generally intend to pay distributions to our shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. Our distributions and their frequency, if any will be determined by our Board. On August 15, 2022, we paid quarterly distributions of 0.21 per share on our Common Shares. On November 10, 2022, we paid quarterly distributions of 0.33 per share on our Common Shares. Payment of dividends on our Common Shares is within the discretion of the Board, and depends on, among other factors, net earnings, capital requirements and the financial condition of us. However, we intend to continue to pay comparable dividends to shareholders in the future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total shares of our Common Shares issued and the aggregated purchase price received pursuant to subscription agreements received in connection with our private placement of shares of our Common Shares to certain individuals and entities was: 

Organizational Offering Common Shares Number of Gross Expense Net Price Type of Common Shares Issuance Issuance Date Shares Proceeds Allocation (1) Proceeds (2) Per Share Capital draw down January 31, 2022 2,333,334 35,000,000 35,000,000 15.00 Capital draw down May 11, 2022 1,355,013 20,000,000 20,000,000 14.76 Capital draw down August 30, 2022 1,358,696 20,000,000 20,000,000 14.72 Dividend reinvestment August 31, 2022 294 4,328 4,328 14.72 Immediate share issuance September 27, 2022 91,403 1,345,451 4,549 1,350,000 14.72 Immediate share issuance November 7, 2022 342,037 4,983,487 16,513 5,000,000 14.57 Dividend reinvestment November 10, 2022 2,656 39,565 39,565 14.90 Total 5,483,433 81,372,831 21,062 81,393,893 

 (1) Pro rata expense of organizational and offering costs spent by the Company in connection with the Company s formation and offerings. The Organizational Expense Allocation represents a reduction to capital commitments to investors subsequent to the initial closing. (2) Net proceeds per this equity table will differ from the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, in the amount of 388,214, which represents a tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. This reclassification reduces paid-in capital and increases distributable earnings (increasing accumulated undistributed net investment income). 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Each of the above issuances and sales of the Common Shares was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of Common Shares was required to represent that it was (i) either an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and (ii) was acquiring the Common Shares purchased by it for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Holders As of March 3, 2023, there were approximately 17 holders of our common shares of beneficial interest. Discretionary Repurchase of Shares Beginning no later than the first full calendar quarter after the two-year anniversary of the Initial Closing Date and at the discretion of our Independent Trustees, we intend to commence a share repurchase program in which we would repurchase, in each quarter, in an amount not to exceed 5 of our outstanding Common Shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The precise amount of such repurchase, if any, will be determined by the Board at its discretion. We may amend, suspend, or terminate the share repurchase program if we deem such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. Item 6. Reserved [Reserved]. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or Stellus Private Credit BDC s future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, related to the current COVID-19 pandemic and otherwise, including statements as to: 
 Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, predict, potential, plan or similar words. We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law or U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rule or 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 regulation. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Overview We were organized as a Delaware statutory trust on December 7, 2021, and formally commenced operations on February 1, 2022. Our investment objective is to maximize the total return to our shareholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments in middle-market companies. We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Our investment activities are managed by our investment advisor, Stellus Private BDC Advisor, LLC. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, as a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the 1940 Act). Under the relevant SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private operating companies, operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public operating companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million, in each case organized and with their principal of business in the United States. We qualify and intend to elect to be treated for tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the RIC requirements. So long as we maintain our status as a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute at least annually to our shareholders as dividends. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total borrowings and other senior securities (and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future) of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we cannot incur additional leverage and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some leverage when it is disadvantageous to do so. The amount of leverage that we employ at any time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 200 . The amount of leverage that we employ at any time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. COVID-19 Developments The effect on the U.S. and global economy of the ongoing pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2 (also referred to as COVID-19 or Coronavirus ), uncertainty relating to new variants of the Coronavirus that have emerged in the United States and globally, vaccine distribution, hesitancy and efficacy, the length of economic recovery, and policies of the U.S. presidential administration have created stress on the market and could affect our portfolio companies. Each portfolio company has been assessed on an individual basis to identify the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the valuation of our investments in such company. We believe that any such COVID-19 pandemic impacts have been reflected in the valuation of our investments. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial performance of our current and future investments will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the virus, related advisories and restrictions, and the health of the financial markets and economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. To the extent our portfolio companies are adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, it may have a material adverse impact on our future net investment income, the fair value of our portfolio investments and our financial condition. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Economic Developments Economic activity has continued to accelerate across sectors and regions. Nonetheless, we have observed and continue to observe supply chain interruptions, labor resource shortages, commodity inflation, rising interest rates, economic sanctions in response to international conflicts and instances of geopolitical, economic and financial market instability in the United States and abroad. One or more of these factors may contribute to increased market volatility and may have long- and short-term effects in the United States and worldwide financial markets. Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity Portfolio Composition We originate and invest primarily in privately-held middle-market companies (typically those with 5.0 million to 50.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)) through first lien (including unitranche), second lien, and unsecured debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 157.5 million (at fair value) invested in 25 portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included approximately 97 of first lien debt and 3 of equity investments at fair value. The composition of our investments at cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Cost Fair Value Senior Secured First Lien (1) 152,825,940 152,257,418 Equity 5,196,737 5,247,337 Total Investments 158,022,677 157,504,755 

 (1) Includes unitranche investments, which may combine characteristics of first lien senior secured, as well as second lien and/or subordinated loans. Our unitranche loans may expose us to certain risk associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent we invest in the last-out portion of the unitranche loans which account for 3.9 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investment portfolio may contain loans that are in the form of lines of credit or revolving credit facilities, which require us to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms and conditions of the underlying loan agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments of 36.3 million to provide debt financing to 22 portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained sufficient liquidity (through cash on hand, our ability to drawdown capital from investors, and/or available borrowings under the Credit Facilities) to fund such unfunded commitments should the need arise. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a summary of geographical concentration of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

of Total Cost Fair Value Investments Texas 41,689,874 41,670,626 26.46 Florida 25,824,710 25,639,155 16.28 New York 23,971,538 23,990,132 15.23 Illinois 13,199,633 12,899,144 8.19 United Kingdom 9,977,695 9,971,437 6.33 Michigan 9,492,362 9,607,593 6.10 Washington 6,892,968 6,750,961 4.29 Indiana 6,384,015 6,339,226 4.02 Maryland 6,094,066 5,955,848 3.78 Arizona 5,161,586 5,259,750 3.34 Wisconsin 4,940,698 5,031,797 3.19 Idaho 4,393,532 4,389,086 2.79 158,022,677 157,504,755 100.00 The following is a summary of industry concentration of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

of Total Cost Fair Value Investments Services: Business 35,188,973 35,046,444 22.25 Capital Equipment 20,713,352 20,768,686 13.19 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 18,553,695 18,514,476 11.75 Consumer Goods: Durable 13,741,132 13,680,426 8.69 Media: Diversified Production 9,977,695 9,971,437 6.33 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 9,866,275 9,866,275 6.26 Automotive 9,492,362 9,607,593 6.10 High Tech Industries 8,455,439 8,399,480 5.33 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 7,490,771 7,351,701 4.67 Construction Building 7,348,309 7,195,856 4.57 Retail 5,327,376 5,291,147 3.36 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 4,614,114 4,614,114 2.93 Software 4,165,162 4,140,506 2.63 Services: Consumer 3,088,022 3,056,614 1.94 158,022,677 157,504,755 100.00 At December 31, 2022, our average portfolio company investment at amortized cost and fair value was approximately 6.3 million and 6.3 million, respectively, and our largest portfolio company investment at amortized cost and fair value was 10.9 million and 10.8 million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, 100 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates (subject to interest rate floors). The weighted average yield on all of our debt investments as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.4 . The weighted average yield on all of our investments, including non-income producing equity positions, as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.1 . The weighted average yield was computed using the effective interest rates for all of our debt investments, including accretion of original issue discount. The weighted average yield of our investments is not the same as a return on investment for our shareholders, but rather relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of our subsidiary s fees and expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 15.5 million. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Activity During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate of 168.3 million of investments in twenty-six new portfolio companies and three existing portfolio companies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received an aggregate of 10.5 million in proceeds from repayments of our investments. Our level of investment activity can vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. Asset Quality In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, the Advisor uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. This investment rating system uses a five-level numeric scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment category: Investment Category 1 is used for investments that are performing above expectations, and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. Investment Category 2 is used for investments that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. All new loans are initially rated 2. Investment Category 3 is used for investments that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected. Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with financial covenants. Investment Category 4 is used for investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are often in work out. Investments with a rating of 4 are those for which some loss of return but no loss of principal is expected. Investment Category 5 is used for investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are almost always in work out. Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and principal is expected. 

As of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions) Number of of Total Portfolio Investment Category Fair Value Portfolio Companies 1 11.6 7 2 2 145.9 93 23 Total 157.5 100 25 Results of Operations An important measure of our financial performance is net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income (loss), net realized gain (loss) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income (loss) is the difference between our income from interest, dividends, fees and other investment income and our operating expenses including interest on borrowed funds. Net realized gain (loss) on investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Comparative financial statement tables are not presented as we were formed on December 7, 2021 and did not commence operations until February 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our total investment income was derived from our initial portfolio of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. All debt investments were income producing, and there were no loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. Revenues We generate revenue in the form of interest income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Our debt investments typically have a term of five to seven years and bear interest at a floating rate. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable quarterly. Payments of principal on our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments may pay interest in-kind, or PIK interest. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date. The level of interest income we receive is directly related to the balance of interest-bearing investments multiplied by the weighted average yield of our investments. We expect that the total dollar amount of interest and any dividend income that we earn will increase as the size of our investment portfolio increases. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, commitment, loan origination, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance and consulting fees. The following shows the breakdown of investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Interest income (1) 7.7 Miscellaneous fees (1) 0.3 Total 8.0 

 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 0.1 million of non-recurring income related to early repayments. 
 Expenses Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to the Advisor under the investment advisory agreement, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the administration agreement with Stellus Capital Management and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, which may include: organization and offering costs; valuing our assets and calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); fees and expenses incurred or reimbursed by Stellus Capital Management and the Advisor, or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; offerings of our Common Shares and other securities; base management and incentive fees; 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the administration agreement (including our allocable portion of the Advisor s overhead in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, and chief financial officer and their respective staffs; transfer agent and custodial fees and expenses; U.S. federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration; U.S. federal, state and local taxes; Independent Trustees fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs; costs and fees associated with any fidelity bond, trustees and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and all other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by us, the Advisor or Stellus Capital in connection with administering our business. 
 The following shows the breakdown of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Operating Expenses Management fees 1.3 Income incentive fees 0.7 Professional fees 0.4 Organization costs 0.1 Amortization of deferred offering costs 0.2 Administrative services expenses 0.2 Trustees fees 0.2 Insurance expense 0.1 Valuation fees 0.1 Interest expense and other fees 2.3 Income tax expense 0.1 Other general and administrative expenses 0.1 Expenses reimbursed/fees waived by Investment Advisor (Note 2) (2.0) Net Operating Expenses 3.8 Net Investment Income For the year ended December 31, 2022, net investment income was 4,197,751, or 1.08 per Common Share based on 3,869,643 weighted-average common shares of beneficial interest outstanding. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Net Realized Gains and Losses We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment, sale or other disposition and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Proceeds from repayments of investments and amortization of certain other investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 10.5 million. Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) primarily reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments and cash equivalents for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 0.5) million. Net change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled less than 0.1 million. Provision for Taxes on Unrealized Appreciation on Investments The Taxable Subsidiary permits us to hold equity investments in portfolio companies which are pass through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and continue to comply with the source income requirements contained in RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated with us for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if any, and related tax assets and liabilities of the Taxable Subsidiaries are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not recognize a provision for income tax on unrealized investments or recognize a deferred tax position on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, net increase in net assets resulting from operations totaled 3.7 million, or 0.95 per common share of beneficial interest based on 3,869,643 weighted-average common shares of beneficial interest outstanding. Financial condition, liquidity and capital resources Cash Flows from Operating and Financing Activities Our operating activities used net cash of 153.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily in connection with the purchase and origination of new portfolio investments. Our financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 provided cash of 169.0 million primarily from proceeds from net borrowings on our Credit Facilities (defined below), short-term loan borrowings, and issuance of common shares of beneficial interest. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our liquidity and capital resources are derived from net proceeds of any share offering, including pursuant to capital calls to investors with capital commitments to us, the Credit Facility, and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and income earned. Our primary use of funds from operations includes investments in portfolio companies and other operating expenses we incur, as well as the payment of dividends to the holders of our common shares of beneficial interest. We used, and expect to continue to use, these capital resources as well as proceeds 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 from turnover within our portfolio and from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment activities. In addition, we intend to distribute between 90 and 100 of our taxable income to our shareholders in order to satisfy the requirements applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. Consequently, we may not have the funds or the ability to fund new investments, to make additional investments in our portfolio companies, to fund our unfunded commitments to portfolio companies or to repay borrowings. In addition, the illiquidity of our portfolio investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired and, if we are required to sell these investments, we may realize significantly less than their recorded value. Also, as a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, over the aggregate amount of the senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any outstanding preferred stock, of at least 150 . This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. We were in compliance with the asset coverage ratios at all times. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 200 . The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing, such as the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings, our ability to raise funds through the issuance of common shares of beneficial interest and the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment outlook. Ultimately, we only intend to use leverage if the expected returns from borrowing to make investments will exceed the cost of such borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 15.5 million. Credit Facilities Commitment Facility On February 1, 2022, we entered into a revolving credit and security agreement with Signature Bank (as amended, the Commitment Facility ). The Commitment Facility provides for borrowings up to a maximum of 100.0 million on a committed basis. Borrowings under the Commitment Facility bear interest, subject to our election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) one-month Term SOFR plus 1.80 plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , subject to a zero percent floor , (ii) daily simple SOFR plus 1.80 plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , or (iii) (a) an alternate base rate based on the greatest of (I) the Prime Rate , (II) Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (III) one-month Term SOFR plus 1.80 , minus (b) 0.80 . We pay unused commitment fees of 0.25 per annum on the unused lender commitments. Interest is payable monthly in arrears. Any amounts borrowed under the Commitment Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable, on February 1, 2023. Our obligations to the lenders under the Commitment Facility are secured by investors uncalled capital commitments, and the availability under the Commitment Facility is based on an advance rate for each investor s uncalled capital commitments. The Commitment Facility contains certain covenants, including but not limited to, maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 1.50 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022 we were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, 80.6 million was outstanding under the Commitment Facility. The carrying amount of the amount outstanding under the Commitment Facility approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Commitment Facility is determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Commitment Facility is estimated based upon market interest rates for our own borrowings or entities with similar credit risk, adjusted for nonperformance risk, if any. We incurred costs of 0.5 million in connection with the Commitment Facility, which are being amortized over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, less than 0.1 million of such prepaid loan structure fees had yet to be amortized. These prepaid loan fees are presented on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as a deduction from the Commitment Facility payable. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Interest is paid monthly in arrears. The following table summarizes the interest expense and amortized financing costs on the Commitment Facility for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Interest expense 1.7 Loan structure fees amortization 0.4 Total interest and other fees 2.1 Weighted average interest rate (1) 4.9 Effective interest rate (including fee amortization) (1) 6.0 Average debt outstanding (1) 37.2 Cash paid for interest and unused fees 1.2 

 (1) Calculated for the period from February 1, 2022, the date of the Commitment Facility, through December 31, 2022 . Credit Facility On September 30, 2022, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement with Zions Bancorporation, N.A., d/b/a Amegy Bank, as administrative agent, and various other lenders party thereto (as amended on December 9, 2022, the Credit Facility , and together with the Commitment Facility, the Credit Facilities ). The Credit Facility provides for borrowings up to a maximum of 130.0 million on a committed basis with an accordion feature that allows us to increase the aggregate commitments up to 200.0 million, subject to new or existing lenders agreeing to participate in the increase and other customary conditions. The Credit Facility bears interest, subject to our election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) Term SOFR plus 2.50 (or 2.75 during certain periods in which our asset coverage ratio is equal to or below 1.90 to 1.00) plus a credit spread adjustment (0.10 for one-month Term SOFR and 0.15 for three-month Term SOFR), subject to a 0.25 floor, or (ii) 1.50 (or 1.75 during certain periods in which our asset coverage ratio is equal to or below 1.90 to 1.00) plus an alternate base rate, which is subject to a 3.00 floor, based on the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) one-month Term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 (subject to a 0.25 floor), plus 1.00 . We pay unused commitment fees of 0.50 per annum on the unused lender commitments under the Credit Facility. Interest is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears. The commitment to fund the revolver expires on September 30, 2026, after which we may no longer borrow under the Credit Facility and must begin repaying principal equal to 1/12 of the aggregate amount outstanding under the Credit Facility each month. Any amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable, on September 30, 2027. Our obligations to the lenders under the Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in its portfolio of securities and cash held. The Credit Facility contains certain covenants, including but not limited to: (i) maintaining a minimum liquidity test of at least 10,000,000, including cash, liquid investments and undrawn availability, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 1.67 to 1.00, (iii) maintaining a certain minimum stockholder s equity, and (iv) maintaining a minimum interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. The carrying amount of the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Credit Facility is determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Credit Facility is estimated based upon market interest rates for our own borrowings or entities with similar credit risk, adjusted for nonperformance risk, if any. We have incurred costs of 1.2 million in connection with the current Credit Facility, which are being amortized over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, 1.1 million of such prepaid loan structure fees and administration fees had yet to be amortized, respectively. These prepaid loan fees are presented on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as a deduction from the Credit Facility payable. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Interest is paid monthly or quarterly in arrears based on the interest rate option selected. The following table summarizes the interest expense and amortized financing costs on the Credit Facility for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Interest expense 0.1 Loan structure fees amortization 0.1 Total interest and other fees 0.2 Weighted average interest rate (1) 55.4 Effective interest rate (including fee amortization) (1) 81.8 Average debt outstanding (1) 1.1 Cash paid for interest and unused fees 0.0 

 (1) Calculated for the period from September 30, 2022, the date of the Credit Facility, through December 31, 2022 . Contractual Obligations Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 (in millions) Commitment Facility payable 80.6 80.6 Credit Facility payable Total 80.6 80.6 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 36.3 million of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to 22 of our portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, we had maintained sufficient liquidity (through cash on hand, our ability to drawdown capital from investors, and/or available borrowings under the Credit Facilities) to fund such unfunded commitments should the need arise. Regulated Investment Company Status and Dividends We qualify and intend to elect to qualify annually to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. So long as we qualify as a RIC, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our investment company taxable income or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed, or deemed to be distributed, to shareholders as dividends on a timely basis. Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation until realized. Distributions declared and paid by us in a year may differ from taxable income for that year as such dividends may include the distribution of current year taxable income or the distribution of prior year taxable income carried forward into and distributed in the current year. Distributions also may include returns of capital. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 To qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute, with respect to each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company net taxable income (i.e., our net ordinary income and our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any). If we qualify as a RIC, we must also satisfy certain distribution requirements each calendar year in order to avoid a federal excise tax on our undistributed earnings of a RIC. As of December 31, 2022 we had no undistributed taxable income. We intend to distribute to our shareholders between 90 and 100 of our annual taxable income (which includes our taxable interest and fee income). However, the covenants contained in the Credit Facilities may prohibit us from making distributions to our shareholders, and, as a result, could hinder our ability to satisfy the distribution requirement. In addition, we may retain for investment some or all of our net taxable capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) and treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our shareholders. If we do this, our shareholders will be treated as if they received actual distributions of the capital gains we retained and then reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common shares of beneficial interest. Our shareholders also may be eligible to claim tax credits (or, in certain circumstances, tax refunds) equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. To the extent our taxable earnings for a fiscal taxable year fall below the total amount of our dividends for that fiscal year, a portion of those dividend distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our shareholders. We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to us as a business development company under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in Credit Facilities. We cannot assure shareholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and private letter rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), a publicly offered RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each shareholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all shareholders must be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many shareholders elect to receive cash, each shareholder electing to receive cash must receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any shareholder electing to receive cash, receive less than 20 of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. We have no current intention of paying dividends in shares of our stock in accordance with these U.S. Treasury regulations or private letter rulings. However, we continue to monitor our liquidity position and the overall economy and will continue to assess whether it would be in our and our shareholders best interest to take advantage of the IRS rulings. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, including the expected dates of adoption and the anticipated impact on the financial statements. Critical Accounting Policies Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. We consider the most significant accounting policies related to estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses to be those related to Investment Valuation. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Subsequent Events Investment Portfolio The Company invested in the following portfolio companies subsequent to December 31, 2022: 

Activity Type Date Company Name Company Description Investment Amount Instrument Type New Investment January 31, 2023 Red s All Natural, LLC Premium frozen food manufacturer 4,900,742 Senior Secured First Lien 318,998 Equity Credit Facilities On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Fifth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the Fifth Amendment by and between the Company, as the borrower and Signature Bank, as the lender. The Fifth Amendment amends the Commitment Facility, as previously amended by the Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated September 7, 2022. The Fifth Amendment decreased the maximum commitment amount under the Commitment Facility from 100.0 million to 50.0 million on a committed basis and extended the maturity of the Commitment Facility from February 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. As of March 3, 2023, the outstanding balance under the Commitment Facility was 45.0 million and the outstanding balance under the Credit Facility was 42.0 million. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve and other central banks had reduced certain interest rates. However, in March 2022, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time since December 2018, and subsequently raised rates several times, most recently in February 2023 , bringing the target for the federal funds rate to 4.5 - 4.75 , the highest since October 2007 As of December 31, 2022, 100 of the loans in our portfolio bore interest at floating rates. These floating rate loans typically bear interest in reference to LIBOR or the SOFR, which are indexed to 30-day or 90-day LIBOR or SOFR rates, subject to an interest rate floor. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate floor on our floating rate loans was 1.14 . Assuming that the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were to remain constant and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of changes in interest rates: 

in millions) Change in Basis Points (2) Interest Income Interest Expense (3) Net Interest Income (1) Up 200 basis points 3.1 (1.1) 2.0 Up 150 basis points 2.3 (0.8) 1.5 Up 100 basis points 1.6 (0.6) 1.0 Up 50 basis points 0.8 (0.3) 0.5 Down 50 basis points (0.8) 0.3 (0.5) Down 100 basis points (1.6) 0.6 (1.0) Down 150 basis points (2.3) 0.8 (1.5) Down 200 basis points (3.1) 1.1 (2.0) 

 (1) Excludes the impact of incentive fees based on pre-incentive fee net investment income. See Note 2 for more information on the incentive fee. (2) As of December 31, 2022, the three month LIBOR rate was 477 basis points and the three month SOFR rate was 460 basis points. This table assumes floating rates would not fall below zero. (3) Includes the impact of the 0 bps and 25 bps SOFR floors pursuant to the Commitment Facility and Credit Facility agreements, respectively. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Although we believe that this measure is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes in credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contacts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from Inception to December 31, 2021, we did not engage in hedging activities. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP, Dallas, Texas, PCAOB ID 20 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 21 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 22 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 23 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 24 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 25 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 29 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Trustees and Shareholders Stellus Private Credit BDC Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Stellus Private Credit BDC (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company including the consolidated schedule of investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from inception (December 7, 2021) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from inception (December 7, 2021) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . Basis for opinion T hese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included verification by confirmation of securities as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with portfolio companies or agents, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 3, 2023 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Expense reimbursement receivable from the Advisor Deferred offering costs Related party receivable Prepaid expenses Receivable for sales and repayments of investments Total Assets LIABILITIES Credit Facilities payable Short-term loan payable Dividends payable Due to affiliate Unearned revenue Income incentive fee payable Interest payable Administrative services payable Trustees fees payable Income tax payable Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Net Assets ) NET ASSETS Common shares of beneficial interest, par value per share (unlimited shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022) Paid-in capital Total distributable loss ) ) Net Assets ) Total Liabilities and Net Assets Net Asset Value Per Share N/A 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the For the period from year ended Inception through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income Other income Total Investment Income OPERATING EXPENSES Management fees Income incentive fees Professional fees Organization costs Amortization of deferred offering costs Administrative services expenses Trustees fees Insurance expense Valuation fees Interest expense and other fees Income tax expense Other general and administrative expenses Total Operating Expenses Expenses reimbursed/fees waived by Investment Advisor (Note 2) ) Net Operating Expenses Net Investment Income ) Net realized gain on foreign currency translation Net change in unrealized depreciation on non-controlled non-affiliated investments ) Net change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations ) Net Investment Income Per Share basic and diluted N/A Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations Per Share basic and diluted N/A Weighted Average Shares of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest Outstanding basic and diluted N/A Distributions Per Share basic and diluted N/A 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS Common Shares of Beneficial Interest Total Number of Par Paid-in distributable shares value capital loss Net Assets Balances at December 31, 2020 Net investment loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net investment income Net realized gain on foreign currency translation Net change in unrealized depreciation on non-controlled, non-affiliated investments ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations Return of capital and other tax related adjustments ) Distributions from net investment income ) ) Issuance of common shares of beneficial interest Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period For the from Inception year ended through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from Operating Activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Purchases of investments ) Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments Net change in unrealized appreciation foreign currency translations ) Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net ) Amortization of loan structure fees Amortization of deferred offering costs Changes in other assets and liabilities Increase in interest receivable ) Increase in deferred offering costs ) Increase in related party receivable ) Increase in expense reimbursements receivable from the Advisor ) Increase in prepaid expenses ) ) (Decrease) increase in due to affiliate ) Increase in professional fees payable (Decrease) increase in trustees fees payable ) Increase in administrative services payable Increase in interest payable Increase in income incentive fees payable Increase in unearned revenue Increase in income tax payable Decrease in other accrued expenses and liabilities ) Net Cash Used in Operating Activities ) Net Cash Provided from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common shares of beneficial interest Offering costs paid for common shares of beneficial interest issued ) Stockholder distributions paid ) Borrowings under Credit Facilities Repayments of Credit Facilities ) Financing costs paid on Credit Facilities ) Short-term loan borrowings Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents Balance at Beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents Balance at End of Period Supplemental and Non-Cash Activities Cash paid for interest expense Value of common shares of beneficial interest issued pursuant to Dividend Reinvestment Plan Increase in dividends payable 
 24 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2022 

Principal of Investment Headquarters/ Amount/ Amortized Fair Net Investments Footnotes Security (2) Coupon Floor Cash Date Maturity Industry Shares (3) Cost Value (1) Assets Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments AIP ATCO Buyer, LLC (4) Sterling Heights, MI Term Loan (5) First Lien 6M SOFR+ Automotive Revolver (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ Total Archer Systems, LLC (4) Houston, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ Services: Business CF Arch Holdings LLC Class A Units Equity Total Axis Portable Air, LLC (4) Phoenix, AZ Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Capital Equipment Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Axis Air Parent, LLC Preferred Units Equity Total Baker Manufacturing Company, LLC Evansville, IN Term Loan (7)(8) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Capital Equipment BSC Blue Water Holdings, LLC Series A Units Equity Total BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC (4) Tampa Bay, FL Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Retail Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Revolver (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Total BLP Buyer, Inc. (4) Houston, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Capital Equipment Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ Revolver (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ BL Products Parent, L.P. Class A Units Equity Total COPILOT Provider Support Services, LLC (4) Maitland, FL Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Healthcare Pharmaceuticals QHP Project Captivate Blocker, Inc. Common Stock Equity Total Curion Holdings, LLC (4) Chicago, IL Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Services: Business Revolver (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ SP CS Holdings LLC Class A Units Equity Total Exigo, LLC (4) Dallas, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M LIBOR+ Software Revolver (5) First Lien 1M LIBOR+ Gauge Exigo Coinvest, LLC Common Units Equity Total Florachem Corporation (4) Jacksonville, FL Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber SK FC Holdings, L.P. Class A Units Equity Total 
 25 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2022 

Principal of Investment Headquarters/ Amount/ Amortized Fair Net Investments Footnotes Security (2) Coupon Floor Cash Date Maturity Industry Shares (3) Cost Value (1) Assets Heartland Business Systems, LLC (4) Little Chute, WI Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Services: Business Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ AMCO HBS Holdings, LP Class A Units Equity Total Heat Makes Sense Shared Services, LLC (4) Brooklyn, NY Term Loan (5) First Lien 6M SOFR+ Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Revolver (5) First Lien 6M SOFR+ Ishtar Co-Invest-B LP Partnership Interests Equity Oshun Co-Invest-B LP Partnership Interests Equity Total HV Watterson Holdings, LLC (4) Schaumburg, IL Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Services: Business Revolver (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Total Inoapps Bidco, LLC (4) Houston, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ High Tech Industries Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Inoapps Holdings, LLC Series A-1 Preferred Units Equity Total International Designs Group LLC Farmingville, NY International Designs Holdings LLC Common Units Equity Construction Building Total Lightning Intermediate II, LLC (4) Jacksonville, FL Term Loan (5) First Lien 6M SOFR+ Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Gauge Vimergy Coinvest, LLC Units Equity Total MacKenzie-Childs Acquisition, Inc. (4) Aurora, NY Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Consumer Goods: Durable Revolver (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ MacKenzie-Childs Investment, LP Partnership Interests Equity Total Madison Logic Holdings, Inc. (4) New York, NY Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Media: Broadcasting Subscription Total Microbe Formulas LLC (4) Meridian, ID Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Total Monitorus Holding, LLC (4)(6) London, UK Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Media: Diversified Production Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class A Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class B Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class C Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class D Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class E Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class F Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class G Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class H Shares Equity Sapphire Aggregator S.a r.l. Class I Shares Equity Total 
 26 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2022 

Principal of Investment Headquarters/ Amount/ Amortized Fair Net Investments Footnotes Security (2) Coupon Floor Cash Date Maturity Industry Shares (3) Cost Value (1) Assets Onpoint Industrial Services, LLC Deer Park, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Services: Business Spearhead TopCo, LLC Class A Units Equity Total Pearl Media Holdings, LLC (4) Garland, TX Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Consumer Goods: Durable Revolver (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Total Peltram Plumbing Holdings, LLC (4) Auburn, WA Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M LIBOR+ Construction Building Total Service Minds Company, LLC (4) Bradenton, FL Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M LIBOR+ Services: Consumer Revolver (5) First Lien 1M SOFR+ Delayed Draw Term Loan (5) First Lien 1M LIBOR+ Total Tilley Distribution, Inc. (4) Baltimore, MD Term Loan (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber Revolver (5) First Lien 3M SOFR+ Total Total Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments Net Investments LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF OTHER ASSETS ) ) NET ASSETS 80,262,957 100.00 

 (1) See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the methodologies used to value securities in the portfolio. (2) Debt investments are income producing and equity securities are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. (3) Par amount is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. Par amount is denominated in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise noted Euro ). 
 27 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2022 
 (4) At December 31, 2022, the Company had the following outstanding revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments which total : 

Unused Unfunded Commitment Investments Security Commitment Fee Maturity AIP ATCO Buyer, LLC Revolver Archer Systems, LLC Revolver Axis Portable Air, LLC Revolver Axis Portable Air, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC Revolver BLP Buyer, Inc. Revolver COPILOT Provider Support Services, LLC Revolver Curion Holdings, LLC Revolver Curion Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Exigo, LLC Revolver Exigo, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Florachem Corporation Revolver Florachem Corporation Delayed Draw Term Loan Heartland Business Systems, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Heat Makes Sense Shared Services, LLC Revolver HV Watterson Holdings, LLC Revolver HV Watterson Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Inoapps Bidco, LLC Revolver Inoapps Bidco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Lightning Intermediate II, LLC Revolver MacKenzie-Childs Acquisition, Inc. Revolver Madison Logic Holdings, Inc. Revolver Microbe Formulas LLC Revolver Monitorus Holding, LLC Revolver Pearl Media Holdings, LLC Revolver Pearl Media Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Peltram Plumbing Holdings, LLC Revolver Service Minds Company, LLC Revolver Service Minds Company, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan Tilley Distribution, Inc. Revolver 

 (5) These loans include an interest rate floor feature which is lower than the applicable rates; therefore, the floor is not in effect. (6) The investment is not a qualifying asset under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time of the acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. Qualifying assets represent approximately of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2022. (7) This loan is a unitranche investment. (8) These loans are last-out term loans with contractual rates higher than the applicable rates; therefore, the floor is not in effect. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 of capital commitments and share purchases of from investors through an immediate share issuance subscription agreement for total contributed capital of . On February 11, 2022, the Company formed PBDC Consolidated Blocker (the Taxable Subsidiary ), which is structured as a Delaware entity, to hold equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities). The Taxable Subsidiary is consolidated for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, and the portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary are included in the consolidated financial statements. As a BDC, the Company is required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total borrowings and other senior securities (and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future) of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we cannot incur additional leverage and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some leverage when it is disadvantageous to do so. The amount of leverage that we employ at any time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 200 . 
 29 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 
 30 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 did not exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance protection levels of 250,000. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held of cash equivalents, of which was held in 10-day maturity U.S. Treasury Bills. The U.S. Treasury Bills were purchased using margin cash and proceeds from a short-term loan from Raymond James Financial Inc., accruing interest at an annual rate of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest expense of , related to the short-term loan. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. Cash consists of bank demand deposits. We deem certain U.S. Treasury Bills and other high-quality, short-term debt securities as cash equivalents. All of the Company s cash deposits are held at large established high credit quality financial institutions and management believes that risk of loss associated with any uninsured balances is remote. 
 31 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 
 32 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 
 33 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 Fee amortization income (1) Fee income acceleration (2) Total Interest Income 

 (1) Includes amortization of fees on unfunded commitments. (2) Unamortized loan origination fees recognized upon full or partial realization of investment. 
 34 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 of undistributed taxable income that was carried forward toward distributions to be paid in 2023. Current income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 of is related to federal excise taxes. The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken while preparing its tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the applicable period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded a liability for any uncertain tax positions. Management s evaluation of uncertain tax positions may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an on-going analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to income taxes, if applicable, in general and administrative expenses. There were such expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Taxable Subsidiary is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that has elected to be a treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as a result, the income of the Taxable Subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates . The Taxable Subsidiary permits the Company to hold equity investments in portfolio companies that are pass through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and continue to comply with the source-of-income requirements contained in RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated with the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if any, and related tax assets and liabilities of the Taxable Subsidiary are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Taxable Subsidiary uses the liability method in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, using statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses. Taxable income generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as investment gains or losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax assets or liabilities . 
 35 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 Net unrealized depreciation on non-controlled non-affiliated investments and cash equivalents ) Net unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations Accumulated undistributed net investment loss ) ) Total distributable loss ) ) 
 36 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 of gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (including preferred stock, public and private debt issuances, derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and other similar instruments or arrangements) and excluding cash and cash equivalents, and an incentive fee. In addition, pursuant to the fee waiver letter agreement, the Advisor has agreed to waive the base management fee in its entirety until the first fiscal quarter immediately following the two-year anniversary of the initial closing of capital commitments by the Company. For periods thereafter ending on or prior to the date of the quotation or listing of the Company s common shares of beneficial interest on a national securities exchange, the Advisor has agreed to waive the base management fee in excess of . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued management fees of , all of which have been waived. The base management fees that have been waived by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. The base management fee will be payable quarterly in arrears and be appropriately prorated for any partial quarter. Incentive Fee The incentive fee will consist of two components, an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee, that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. Income-Based Incentive Fee. The portion of the Incentive Fee based on income is determined and paid quarterly in arrears commencing with the first calendar quarter following the initial closing date. It will equal (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in excess of a quarterly hurdle rate, until the Advisor has received of the total Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter and, for Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of quarterly, of all remaining Pre- Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter, and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of the Pre- Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of a quarterly hurdle rate, until the Advisor has received of the total Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter and, for Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of quarterly, of all remaining Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that calendar quarter. The catch-up provision for Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the hurdle rate is intended to provide the Advisor with an incentive fee of (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when that amount equals in a calendar quarter annualized), and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when that amount equals in a calendar quarter annualized), which, in each case, is the rate at which catch-up is achieved. Once the hurdle rate is reached and catch-up is achieved, (i) prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of any Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of in any calendar quarter is payable to the Advisor, and (ii) subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of any Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of in any calendar quarter is payable to the Advisor. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, fee income, distribution/dividend income and any other income accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement but excluding any Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. The Advisor is not obligated to return the incentive fee based on income it receives on deferred interest that is later determined to be uncollectible in cash. 
 37 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 and, subsequent to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of the Company s Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the Income Incentive Fee Look-Back Period (the Income Incentive Fee Cap ). Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the Income Incentive Fee Look-Back Period means the sum of (a) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each period during the relevant Income Incentive Fee Look-Back Period and (b) the sum of realized capital gains and unrealized capital appreciation during the applicable Income Incentive Fee Look-Back Period less the sum of realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation during the applicable Income Incentive Fee Look-Back Period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued income incentive fees of . As of December 31, 2022, of Income Incentive Fees accrued were waived pursuant to the waiver prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange and of Income Incentive Fees accrued but not paid by the Company were deferred pursuant to the Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return limitation and are not currently payable. The income-based incentive fees that have been waived by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The capital gains component of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement, as of the termination date), is equal to, prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, and, subsequent to an listing of our shares on a national securities exchange, of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from Inception through the end of that calendar year, computed net of the cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and cumulative aggregate unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. If such amount is negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. The capital gains based incentive fees that have been waived prior to any listing of our shares on a national securities exchange by the Advisor are not subject to recoupment. U.S. GAAP requires that the accrual considers the cumulative aggregate realized gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation of investments and other financial instruments in the calculation, as an incentive fee would be payable if such realized gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation were realized, even though such realized gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the investment advisory agreement. There can be no assurance that unrealized appreciation or depreciation will be realized in the future. Accordingly, such fees, as calculated and accrued, may not necessarily be payable under the investment advisory agreement, and may never be paid based upon the computation of incentive fees in subsequent periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not accrue any Capital Gains Incentive Fee. Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement The Advisor has contractually agreed to reimburse expenses, beginning with the Commencement of Operations, to keep annual operating expenses to be no more than an amount equal to basis points of its total assets per quarter basis points of its total assets per annum), pro-rated for partial periods, for the covered operating expenses (as defined below). The contractual fee reimbursements may be modified or terminated only with the approval of the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees. For purposes of the reimbursed expense calculations, covered operating expenses do not include organizational and offering expenses; costs relating to the offerings of the Company s common shares of beneficial interest and other securities (including underwriting, placement agent and similar fees and 
 38 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 . Reimbursements made by the Advisor with respect to the Company, with the exception of management fee waivers, are subject to recoupment from the Company within a three year time period, provided that the Company is able to effect such payment to the Advisor without exceeding the applicable expense limitations in effect at the time such waivers and/or reimbursements occurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, expenses reimbursed by the Advisor included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, subject to recoupment by the Company over is as follows: March 31, 2025 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2025 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2025 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2025 Trustees Fees Each Independent Trustee of the Board is paid an annual board retainer of , payable in quarterly installments. The Company reimburses Independent Trustees for any out-of-pocket expenses related to their service as members of the Board. The Independent Trustees of the Board do not receive any stock-based compensation for their service as members of the Board. The Company s trustees who are employed by Stellus Capital do not receive any compensation for their service as members of the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee Chairman is paid an additional annual retainer of . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from Inception to December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an expense relating to trustees fees of and . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and in fees were payable to the Company s trustees, respectively. Co-Investment Pursuant to SEC Order On May 9, 2022, the Company received an exemptive order (the Order from the SEC that permits it to co-invest with investment funds managed by the Advisor and its affiliates where doing so is consistent with the Company s investment strategy as well as applicable law (including the terms and conditions of the exemptive order issued by the SEC). Under the terms of the relief permitting the Company to co-invest with other funds managed by the Advisor and its affiliates, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Independent Trustees must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its and do not involve overreaching of the Company or its shareholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of its shareholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies. License Agreement The Company has entered into a license agreement with Stellus Capital under which Stellus Capital has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Stellus Capital. Under this agreement, the 
 39 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 and may be renewed with the approval of the Board. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon written notice to the other party. To the extent that Stellus Capital outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to Stellus Capital. The Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, will review the reimbursement payments made by the Company to the Administrator to determine if the provisions of the Administration Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the reimbursement payments under the Administration Agreement are reasonable in light of the services provided. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded expenses of , relating to the Administration Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, remained payable to Stellus Capital under the Administration Agreement. Indemnifications Under the Advisory Agreement, the Advisor has not assumed any responsibility to the Company other than to render the services called for under that agreement. It will not be responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow the Advisor s advice or recommendations. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Advisor, its officers, members and personnel, and any person controlling or controlled by the Advisor will not be liable to the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its trustees, its shareholders or any subsidiary s shareholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Advisor owes to the Company under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Advisor and each of its officers, trustees, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Advisor, from and against any claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with the Company s business and operations or any action taken or omitted on the Company s behalf pursuant to authority 
 40 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 per share on its common shares of beneficial interest. The distributions per share on a weighted average share basis in the Consolidated Statement of Operations includes the impact of different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of the period end. The Company has declared aggregate distributions of per share on its common shares of beneficial ownership since Inception: Total In addition, the Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP ), pursuant to which each shareholder will receive dividends in the form of additional common shares of beneficial interest unless they notify the Plan Administrator and the Company s transfer agent and registrar in writing that they instead desire to receive cash. If a shareholder receives dividends in the form of shares, dividend proceeds that otherwise would have been distributed in cash will be retained by the Company for reinvestment. Shareholders who receive dividends and other distributions in the form of common shares of beneficial interest generally are subject to the same U.S. federal tax consequences as investors who elect to receive their distributions in cash; however, since their cash dividends will be reinvested, those investors will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes on re-invested dividends. A shareholder may elect to receive dividends and other distributions in cash by notifying the Plan Administrator and the Company s transfer agent and registrar in writing at least 5 business days prior to the distribution date fixed by the Board for such dividend. If such notice is received by the Plan Administrator and the Company s transfer agent and registrar less than 5 business days prior to the relevant distribution date, then that dividend will be paid in the form of Common Shares and any subsequent dividends will be paid in cash. The Company issued common shares through the DRIP for the year ended December 31, 2022. . On this same date, pursuant to this capital commitment, the Company issued common shares of beneficial interest at a price of for total aggregate proceeds of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in capital commitments, of which 151,687,500 remain undrawn. 
 41 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 common shares of beneficial interest in connection with draw downs of of capital commitments, share purchases of from investors through an immediate share issuance subscription agreement, and from dividend reinvestments for total contributed capital of . Capital draw down May 11, 2022 Capital draw down August 30, 2022 Dividend reinvestment August 31, 2022 Immediate share issuance September 27, 2022 Immediate share issuance November 7, 2022 Dividend reinvestment November 10, 2022 Total 

 (1) Pro rata expense of organizational and offering costs incurred by the Company in connection with the Company s formation and offerings. The Organizational Expense Allocation represents a reduction to capital commitments to investors subsequent to the initial closing. (2) Net Proceeds per this equity table will differ from the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, in the amount of , which represents a tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. This reclassification reduces paid-in capital and increases distributable earnings (increasing accumulated undistributed net investment income). ) Weighted average common shares of beneficial interest N/A Net increase from operations per share N/A 
 42 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 portfolio companies. The total cost and fair value of the investments were , and , respectively. The composition of our investments as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: Equity Total Investments 

 (1) Includes unitranche investments, which may combine characteristics of first lien senior secured, as well as second lien and/or subordinated loans. Our unitranche loans may expose us to certain risk associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent we invest in the last-out portion of the unitranche loans which account for of our portfolio at fair value. The Company s investment portfolio may contain loans that are in the form of lines of credit or revolving credit facilities, which require the Company to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying loan agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of such investments with aggregate unfunded commitments of . The Company maintains sufficient liquidity (through cash on hand, its ability to drawdown capital from investors, and/or available borrowings under the Credit Facilities) to fund such unfunded commitments should the need arise. The aggregate gross unrealized depreciation and the aggregate cost and fair value of the Company s portfolio company securities as December 31, 2022 was as follows: Gross unrealized appreciation of portfolio company securities Gross unrealized depreciation of portfolio company securities ) Gross unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translation Aggregate fair value of portfolio company securities 
 43 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 The fair values of our investments disaggregated into the three levels of the fair value hierarchy based upon the lowest level of significant input used in the valuation as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: Equity Total Investments The aggregate values of Level 3 portfolio investments change during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: Sales and Redemptions ) ) Change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments included in earnings ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translation included in earnings Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net Fair value at end of period There were Level 3 transfers during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following is a summary of geographical concentration of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: Florida New York Illinois United Kingdom Michigan Washington Indiana Maryland Arizona Wisconsin Idaho 
 44 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 The following is a summary of industry concentration of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: Capital Equipment Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Consumer Goods: Durable Media: Diversified Production Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Automotive High Tech Industries Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber Construction Building Retail Media: Broadcasting Subscription Software Services: Consumer The following provides quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2022: Income/Market HY credit spreads, - to approach (2) Risk free rates to Market multiples x to x x) (4) Equity investments Market approach (5) Underwriting multiple/ EBITDA Multiple x to x x) 

 (1) Weighted average based on fair value as of December 31, 2022. (2) Income approach is based on discounting future cash flows using an appropriate market yield. (3) The Company calculates the price of the loan by discounting future cash flows, which include forecasted future rates based on the published forward curve at the valuation date, using an appropriate yield calculated as of the valuation date. This yield is calculated based on the loan s yield at the original investment and is adjusted as of the valuation date based on changes in comparable credit spreads, changes in risk free interest rates (per swap rates), and changes in credit quality (via an estimated shadow rating). Significant movements in any of these factors could result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. As an example, the Range (Average) for first lien debt instruments in the table above indicates that the change in the HY spreads between the date a loan closed, and the valuation date ranged from - - basis points) to basis points). The average of all changes was basis points). (4) Median of LTM (last twelve months) EBITDA multiples of comparable companies. (5) The primary significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity investments is the EBITDA multiple (the Multiple ). Significant increases (decreases) in the Multiple in isolation could result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. To determine the Multiple for the market approach, the Company considers current market trading and/or transaction multiple, portfolio company performance (financial ratios) relative to public and private peer companies and leverage levels, among other factors. Changes in one or more of these factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate Multiple to use in the market approach. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 in unfunded debt commitments to existing portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained sufficient liquidity (through cash on hand, its ability to drawdown capital from investors, and/or available borrowings under the Credit Facilities) to fund such unfunded commitments should the need arise. Net investment income Change in unrealized depreciation on investments ) Change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations Total from operations Stockholder distributions from: Net investment income ) Other (3) Net asset value at end of period Total return based on market value (4) Weighted average shares outstanding Ratio/Supplemental Data: Net assets at end of period Weighted average net assets Annualized ratio of net operating expenses to weighted average net assets (5)(6) Annualized ratio of interest expense and other fees to weighted average net assets (6) Annualized ratio of net investment income to weighted average net assets (5)(6) Portfolio turnover (7) Credit Facilities payable Short-term loan payable Asset coverage ratio (8) 2.00x 

 (1) Financial highlights are based on weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (2) The initial offering price of per share less per share of organization costs. (3) Includes the impact of different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of the period end. (4) Total return is calculated as the change in net asset value NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share (if any), divided by the beginning NAV per share. Total return is not annualized. (5) Net of from expenses reimbursed and fees waived by the Advisor. (6) The ratios reflect an annualized amount, except in the case of non-recurring expenses (e.g., organization costs of for the period from Commencement of Operations through December 31, 2022). 
 46 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 to on a committed basis. On June 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the Second Amendment by and between the Company, as the borrower and Signature Bank, as the lender. The Second Amendment increased the maximum commitment amount under the Commitment Facility from 75,000,000 to 100,000,000 on a committed basis. The Commitment Facility was further amended by the Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated July 19, 2022, and the Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 7, 2022. Borrowings under the Commitment Facility bear interest, subject to the Company s election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) one-month Term SOFR plus plus a credit spread adjustment of subject to a percent floor (ii) daily simple SOFR plus plus a credit spread adjustment of or (iii) (a) an alternate base rate based on the greatest of (I) the Prime Rate, (II) Federal Funds Rate plus and (III) one-month Term SOFR plus , minus (b) . Interest is payable monthly in arrears. Any amounts borrowed under the Commitment Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable, on February 1, 2023. The Company s obligations to the lenders under the Commitment Facility are secured by investors uncalled capital commitments, and the availability under the Commitment Facility is based on an advance rate for each investor s uncalled capital commitments. The Commitment Facility contains certain covenants, including but not limited to, maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Commitment Facility. The carrying amount of the amount outstanding under the Commitment Facility approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Commitment Facility is determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Commitment Facility is estimated based upon market interest rates for our own borrowings or entities with similar credit risk, adjusted for nonperformance risk, if any. The Company has incurred loan structure fees of in connection with the current Commitment Facility, which are being amortized over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, of such prepaid loan structure fees had yet to be amortized. These prepaid loan structure fees are presented on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as a deduction from the Commitment Facility payable. The following is a summary of the Commitment Facility, net of prepaid loan structure fees: Prepaid loan structure fees ) Commitment Facility payable, net of prepaid loan structure fees 
 47 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 Interest is paid monthly in arrears. The following table summarizes the interest expense and amortized financing costs on the Commitment Facility for the year ended December 31, 2022: Loan structure fees amortization Total interest and other fees Weighted average interest rate (1) Effective interest rate (including fee amortization) (1) Average debt outstanding (1) Cash paid for interest and unused fees 

 (1) Calculated for the period from February 1, 2022, the date of the Commitment Facility, through December 31, 2022 . Credit Facility On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement, as amended, that was amended on December 9, 2022 with Zions Bancorporation, N.A., dba Amegy Bank and various other lenders (the Credit Facility , and together with the Commitment Facility, the Credit Facilities ). The September 2022 Credit Facility provides for borrowings up to a maximum of on a committed basis with an accordion feature that allows the Company to increase the aggregate commitments up to , subject to new or existing lenders agreeing to participate in the increase and other customary conditions. The Credit Facility bears interest, subject to the Company s election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) Term SOFR plus (or during certain periods in which the Company s asset coverage ratio is equal to or below to 1.00) plus a credit spread adjustment for one-month Term SOFR and for three-month Term SOFR), subject to a floor, or (ii) (or during certain periods in which the Company s asset coverage ratio is equal to or below to 1.00) plus an alternate base rate, which is subject to a floor, based on the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) Federal Funds Rate plus and (c) one-month Term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of (subject to a floor), plus . The Company pays unused commitment fees of per annum on the unused lender commitments under the Credit Facility. Interest is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears. The commitment to fund the revolver expires on September 30, 2026, after which the Company may no longer borrow under the Credit Facility and must begin repaying principal equal to 1/12 of the aggregate amount outstanding under the Credit Facility each month. Any amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable, on September 30, 2027. Our obligations to the lenders under the Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in its portfolio of securities and cash held. The Credit Facility contains certain covenants, including but not limited to: (i) maintaining a minimum liquidity test of at least , including cash, liquid investments and undrawn availability, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least to 1.00, (iii) maintaining a certain minimum stockholder s equity, and (iv) maintaining a minimum interest coverage ratio of at least to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the Credit Facility. The carrying amount of the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Credit Facility is determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Credit Facility is estimated based upon market interest rates for our own borrowings or entities with similar credit risk, adjusted for nonperformance risk, if any. The Company has incurred costs of in connection with the current Credit Facility, which are being amortized over the life of the facility. As of December 31, 
 48 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 of such prepaid loan structure fees and administration fees had yet to be amortized, respectively. These prepaid loan fees are presented on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as a deduction from the debt liability. The following is a summary of the Credit Facility, net of prepaid loan structure fees: Credit Facility payable, net of prepaid loan structure fees ) Loan structure fees amortization Total interest and other fees Weighted average interest rate (1) Effective interest rate (including fee amortization) (1) Average debt outstanding (1) Cash paid for interest and unused fees 

 (1) Calculated for the period from September 30, 2022, the date of the Credit Facility, through December 31, 2022 . of undistributed ordinary income. (1) Undistributed capital gains and undistributed qualified dividends were both for the year ended December 31, 2022. All of the undistributed ordinary income as of December 31, 2022 will have been distributed within the required period of time such that the Company will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax for the year ended December 31, 2022. We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on our undistributed income to the extent we did not distribute an amount equal to at least 98 of our net ordinary income plus 98.2 of our capital gain net income attributable to the period. The Company has accrued of U.S. federal excise tax for the tax year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 1 for further discussion of tax expense in each year. Ordinary dividend distributions from a RIC do not qualify for the reduced maximum tax rate on qualified dividend income from domestic corporations, except to the extent that the RIC received the income in the form of qualifying dividends from domestic corporations and qualified foreign corporations. The tax character (2) of distributions paid in the years ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: Total distributions paid to common stockholders 

 (1) The Company s taxable income for each period is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return for each year. Therefore, final taxable income earned in each period, and the undistributed 
 49 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 as of December 31, 2022 differs from distributions of net capital gains on the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets because certain prepayment gains are characterized differently for tax reporting purposes. Listed below is a reconciliation of Net increase in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income and total distributions declared to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022: Net change in unrealized depreciation Pre-tax expense, loss reported at Taxable Subsidiary, not consolidated for tax purposes Book income and tax income differences, including debt origination, interest accrual, income from pass-through investments, dividends, realized gains (losses) and changes in estimates Estimated taxable income Taxable income earned prior to period end and carried forward ) Total distributions accrued or paid to common stockholders The aggregate gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation, the net unrealized appreciation, and the aggregate cost of the Company s portfolio company securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: Gross unrealized appreciation of portfolio company securities Gross unrealized depreciation of portfolio company securities ) Gross unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translations of portfolio company securities Aggregate fair value of portfolio company securities The Company has recorded a tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP to reduce paid-in capital and increases distributable earnings (increasing accumulated undistributed investment income) for book to tax differences that it has determined to be permanent. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this reclassification was . The total adjustment on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was . There was no such adjustment as of December 31, 2021. Although the Company files federal and state tax returns, its major tax jurisdiction is federal. The 2021 federal tax years for the Company remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 50 

Table of Contents STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 
 N/A Credit Facility Year ended December 31, 2022 N/A 

 (1) Total amount of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. (2) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of the Company s total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, in relation to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness. (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information which the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. (4) Average market value per unit for our Commitment Facility and Credit Facility are not applicable as these are not registered for public trading. Senior Secured First Lien 318,998 Equity Credit Facilities On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the Fifth Amendment by and between the Company, as the borrower and Signature Bank, as the lender. The Fifth Amendment amends the Commitment Facility, as previously amended by the Fourth Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated September 7, 2022. The Fifth Amendment decreased the maximum commitment amount under the Commitment Facility from to on a committed basis and extended the maturity of the Commitment Facility from February 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. As of March 3, 2023, the outstanding balance under the Commitment Facility was 45,000,000 and the outstanding balance under the Credit Facility was 42,000,000. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. (b) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the calendar year 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Our business and affairs are managed under the direction and oversight of the Board. The Board consists of five members, three of whom are not interested persons Independent Trustees as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Trustees who are interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act are referred to herein as Interested Trustees. The Board appoints the officers who serve at the discretion of the Board. The responsibilities of the Board include corporate governance activities, oversight of our financing arrangements and oversight of our investment activities. The Declaration of Trust provides that a majority of the Board must be Independent Trustees except for a period of up to 60 days after the death, removal or resignation of an Independent Trustee pending the election of his or her successor. Each trustee will hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. While we do not intend to list the Common shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, the Board will be divided into three classes of trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. The Board is responsible for the oversight of our investment, operational and risk management activities. The Board reviews risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Advisor as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. The Board s oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of our investments. The Board has established an Audit Committee, which has the responsibilities discussed in greater detail below. Under our organizational documents, we are not required to hold annual shareholder meetings. Robert T. Ladd, an Interested Trustee, serves as Chairman of the Board. The Board believes that it is in the best interests of investors for Mr. Ladd to lead the Board because his extensive knowledge of and experience in the financial services industry. The Board believes that its leadership structure is appropriate because the structure allocates areas of responsibility among the individual trustees in a manner that enhances effective oversight. The Board also believes that its small size creates an efficient corporate governance structure that provides opportunity for direct communication and interaction between management and the Board. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Trustees 

Name, Address and Age (1) Position(s) held with the Company Principal Occupation(s) During the Past 5 Years Term of Office and Length of Time Served (2) Number of Companies in Fund Complex (3) Overseen by Trustee Other Trusteeships or Directorships Held by Trustee Independent Trustees J. Tim Arnoult, 73 Trustee Retired Trustee since 2021 2 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (4) Bruce R. Bilger, 71 Trustee Retired; Senior Advisor, Lazard Freres Co. LLC (through 2018) Trustee since 2021 2 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation William C. Repko, 73 Trustee Retired Trustee since 2021 2 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Danaos Corporation Interested Trustees (5) Dean D Angelo, 55 Trustee Founding partner, SCM; Co-Head of SCM s Private Credit strategy; Member of SCM investment committee Trustee since 2021 2 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Robert T. Ladd, 66 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company; Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of SCIC; Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of SCM. Trustee since 2021 2 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Rice University Rice Management Company 

 (1) The address for each of our directors is c/o Stellus Private Credit BDC, 4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 2200, Houston, Texas 77027. (2) Each trustee will hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. (3) The term Fund Complex refers to (a) the Company and (b) Stellus Capital Investment Corporation SCIC), a business development company BDC whose adviser, Stellus Capital Management, LLC SCM ), is the majority-owner of our Advisor. Directors and officers who oversee the funds in the Fund Complex are noted. (4) Stellus Capital Investment Corporation shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SCM . (5) Interested person of the Company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. D Angelo is an interested person because of his affiliation with SCM. Mr. Ladd is an interested person because of his affiliation with the Company and SCM. Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors The following information regarding the executive officers who are not trustees: 

Name Age Position Officer Since W. Todd Huskinson 58 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 2021 Trustee Biographies Independent Trustees J. Tim Arnoult has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Mr. Arnoult has also served as a member of the Board of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. Mr. Arnoult has over 35 years of banking and financial services experience. From 1979 to 2006, Mr. Arnoult served in various positions at Bank of America, including its predecessors, including president of Global Treasury Services from 2005 2006, president of Global Technology and Operations from 2000 to 2005, president of Central U.S. Consumer and Commercial Banking from 1996 to 2000 and president of Global Private Banking from 1991 to 1996. Mr. Arnoult is also experienced in mergers and acquisitions, having been directly involved in significant transactions such as the mergers of NationsBank and Bank of America in 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 1998 and Bank of America and FleetBoston in 2004. Mr. Arnoult previously served on the board of directors of Cardtronics Inc. (NasdaqGM: CATM) and AgileCraft, LLC and has served on a variety of boards throughout his career, including the board of Visa USA before it became a public company. Mr. Arnoult holds a B.A. in Psychology and an M.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin. We believe Mr. Arnoult s extensive banking and financial services experience bring important and valuable skills to our Board. Bruce R. Bilger has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Mr. Bilger has also served as a member of the Board of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. Mr. Bilger has over 43 years of providing advice on mergers and acquisitions, financings, and restructurings, particularly in the energy industry. Mr. Bilger retired in March 2018 from his role as a senior advisor at Lazard Freres Co. LLC, a leading investment bank, where he began in January 2008 as managing director, chairman and head of Global Energy, and co-head of the Southwest Investment Banking region. Prior to joining Lazard Freres Co. LLC, Mr. Bilger was a partner at the law firm of Vinson Elkins LLP, where he was head of its 400-plus-attorney Energy Practice Group and co-head of its 175-plus-attorney corporate and transactional practice. Mr. Bilger is or has been a board or committee member with numerous charitable and civic organizations, including the Greater Houston Partnership, the Greater Houston Community Foundation, Reasoning Mind, Positive Coaching Alliance, Houston Methodist Hospital, Texas Children s Hospital, Asia Society Texas Center, St. Luke s United Methodist Church, St. John s School, Dartmouth College and the University of Virginia. Mr. Bilger graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Dartmouth College and has an M.B.A. and law degree from the University of Virginia. We believe Mr. Bilger s extensive merger and acquisition, financing, and restructuring experience bring important and valuable skills to our Board. William C. Repko has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Mr. Repko has also served as a member of the Board of Danaos Corporation (NYSE: DAC) since 2014 and Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. Mr. Repko has over 40 years of investing, finance and restructuring experience. Mr. Repko retired from Evercore Partners in February 2014, where he had served as a senior advisor, senior managing director and was a co-founder of the firm s Restructuring and Debt Capital Markets Group since September 2005. Prior to joining Evercore Partners Inc., Mr. Repko served as chairman and head of the Restructuring Group at J.P. Morgan Chase, a leading investment banking firm, where he focused on providing comprehensive solutions to clients liquidity and reorganization challenges. In 1973, Mr. Repko joined Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, a commercial bank, which after a series of mergers became part of J.P. Morgan Chase. Mr. Repko has been named to the Turnaround Management Association (TMA) sponsored Turnaround, Restructuring and Distressed Investing industry Hall of Fame. Mr. Repko received his B.S. in Finance from Lehigh University. We believe Mr. Repko s extensive investing, finance, and restructuring experience bring important and valuable skills to our Board. Interested Trustees Dean D Angelo has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Mr. D Angelo has also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. He is also a founding partner of Stellus Capital Management, and co-head of its Private Credit strategy and serves on its investment committee. He has over 25 years of experience in investment banking and principal investing. From August 2005 to January 2012, Mr. D Angelo was a director in the Direct Capital Group at the D. E. Shaw group, a global investment and technology development firm. Prior to joining the D. E. Shaw group, Mr. D Angelo was a principal of Allied Capital Corporation, a publicly-traded BDC, where he focused on making debt and equity investments in middle-market companies from May 2003 to August 2005. From September 2000 to April 2003, Mr. D Angelo served as a principal of Duke Capital Partners, LLC, a merchant banking subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation, where he focused on providing mezzanine, equity, and senior debt financing to businesses in the energy sector. From January 1998 to September 2000, Mr. D Angelo was a product specialist for Banc of America Securities, LLC where he provided banking services to clients principally in the energy sector. Mr. D Angelo began his career in the bankruptcy and consulting practice of Coopers Lybrand L.L.P. in Washington, D.C. Mr. D Angelo received his B.B.A. in accounting from The College of William and Mary, his M.A. in international economics and relations from The Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at The Johns Hopkins University, and his M.B.A., with a concentration in finance, from the Wharton School of the University of 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. D Angelo s extensive investment banking and principal investing experience bring important and valuable skills to our Board. Robert T. Ladd has served as the Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer and President since 2021. Mr. Ladd has also served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. Mr. Ladd is the managing partner and Chief Investment Officer of the Advisor and Stellus Capital Management. Mr. Ladd has more than 40 years of investing, finance, and restructuring experience. Prior to joining Stellus Capital Management, he had been with the D. E. Shaw group, a global investment and technology development firm, where he led the D. E. Shaw group s Direct Capital Group from February 2004 to January 2012. Prior to joining the D. E. Shaw group, Mr. Ladd served as the president of Duke Energy North America, LLC, a merchant energy subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation, and president and chief executive officer of Duke Capital Partners, LLC, a merchant banking subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation, from September 2000 to February 2004. From February 1993 to September 2000, Mr. Ladd was a partner of Arthur Andersen LLP where he last served as worldwide managing partner for Arthur Andersen s corporate restructuring practice and U.S. managing partner for that firm s corporate finance practice. Before joining Arthur Andersen, from June 1980 to February 1993, Mr. Ladd served in various capacities for First City Bancorporation of Texas, Inc., a bank holding company, and its subsidiaries, including serving as president of First City Asset Servicing Company, an asset management business and executive vice president for the Texas Banking Division. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Rice University and is a board member of Rice Management Company which oversees Rice University s endowment. He is a member of the Council of Overseers of the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business of Rice University, as well as a member of the University of Texas Health Science Center Development Board and the University of Texas Medical School of Houston Advisory Council. Mr. Ladd received a B.A. in managerial studies and economics from Rice University, and an M.B.A. from The University of Texas at Austin, where he was a Sord Scholar and recipient of the Dean s Award for Academic Achievement. We believe Mr. Ladd s extensive investing, finance, and restructuring experience bring important and valuable skills to our Board. Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees W. Todd Huskinson has served as our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since 2021. Mr. Huskinson has also served as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation since 2012. Mr. Huskinson is the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Advisor and Stellus Capital Management. Additionally, Mr. Huskinson is a founding partner of Stellus Capital Management. He has over 30 years of experience in finance, accounting and operations. From August 2005 to January 2012, Mr. Huskinson was a director in the D. E. Shaw group s Direct Capital Group, a global investment and technology development firm. Prior to joining the D. E. Shaw group, Mr. Huskinson was a Managing Director at BearingPoint (formerly KPMG Consulting), a management consulting firm, where he led the Houston office s middle-market management consulting practice from July 2002 to July 2005. Prior to BearingPoint, Mr. Huskinson was a partner of Arthur Andersen, LLP, an accounting firm, where he served clients in the audit, corporate finance and consulting practices from December 1987 to June 2002. Mr. Huskinson received a B.B.A in accounting from Texas A M University and is a certified public accountant. Board Leadership and Structure The Board monitors and performs an oversight role with respect to our business and affairs, including with respect to our investment practices and performance, compliance with regulatory requirements and the services, expenses and performance of our service providers. Among other things, the Board approves the appointment of the Advisor and officers, reviews and monitors the services and activities performed by the Advisor and executive officers, and approves the engagement and reviews the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm. Under our bylaws, the Board may designate a Chairman to preside over the meetings of the Board and meetings of the stockholders and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board. We do not have a fixed policy as to whether the Chairman of the Board should be an Independent Trustee and believe that we should maintain the 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 flexibility to select the Chairman and reorganize the leadership structure, from time to time, based on criteria that are in our and our shareholders best interests at such times. We recognize that different board leadership structures are appropriate for companies in different situations. We intend to re-examine our corporate governance policies on an ongoing basis to ensure that the policies continue to meet our needs. Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board performs its risk oversight function primarily through (a) its standing Audit Committee, which reports to the entire Board and is comprised solely of Independent Trustees, and (b) active monitoring by our Chief Compliance Officer of our compliance policies and procedures. As described below in more detail below, the Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk oversight responsibilities. The Audit Committee s risk oversight responsibilities include overseeing the internal audit staff (sourced through the Administrator), if any, accounting and financial reporting processes, our systems of internal controls regarding finance and accounting and audits of our financial statements. The Board also performs its risk oversight responsibilities with the assistance of the Chief Compliance Officer. The Board will annually review a written report from the Chief Compliance Officer discussing the adequacy and effectiveness of our compliance policies and procedures and our service providers. The Chief Compliance Officer s annual report will address, at a minimum, (a) the operation of our compliance policies and procedures and our service providers compliance policies and procedures since the last report; (b) any material changes to such policies and procedures since the last report; (c) any recommendations for material changes to such policies and procedures as a result of the Chief Compliance Officer s annual review; and (d) any compliance matter that has occurred since the date of the last report about which the Board would reasonably need to know to oversee our compliance activities and risks. In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer will meet separately in executive session with the Independent Trustees at least once each year. Board and Committee Meetings Our Board met four times during 2022. Each director attended at least 75 of the total number of meetings of the Board and committee on which the director served that were held while the director was a member. The Board s standing committee is set forth below. We require each director to make a diligent effort to attend all Board and committee meetings. Audit Committee The Board has established an Audit Committee and may establish additional committees in the future. All trustees are expected to attend at least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the Audit Committee. We require each Trustee to make a diligent effort to attend all Board and Audit Committee meetings. The Audit Committee is currently composed of all of the Independent Trustees. Mr. Arnoult serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Arnoult is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Exchange Act. Messrs. Arnoult, Bilger, and Repko meet the current requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by the Board, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include selecting our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of our financial statements; pre-approving the fees for services performed; reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems; reviewing our annual audited financial statements; overseeing internal audit staff, if any, and periodic filings; and receiving the our audit reports and financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Code of Ethics As a BDC, we and our Advisor must adopt a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. Our code of ethics, which is signed by our trustees and executive officers, requires that our trustees and executive officers avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s personal interests and the interests of us. Pursuant to the code of ethics, each trustee and executive officer must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict, to the Audit Committee. Certain actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict of interest are reviewed and approved by the Board. Our code of ethics is filed herewith and we intend to disclose amendments to or waivers from a required provision of the code of ethics on Form 8-K. Nomination of Directors There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board implemented since the filing of Amendment No.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10. Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the disclosure requirements of Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K thereunder require that our directors and executive officers, and any persons holding more than 10 of any class of our equity securities, report their ownership of such equity securities and any subsequent changes in that ownership to the SEC and to us. Based solely on a review of the written statements and copies of such reports furnished to us by our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners, we believe that during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to the executive officers, directors and stockholders were timely satisfied, with the exception of two Form 4 reports and one Form 3 report, each for Phoenix Holdings Ltd., which were filed late due to an administrative oversight. The Form 3 reporting ownership of 866,420 shares was due to be filed by February 10, 2022 and was instead filed on March 1, 2022. The Form 4 reporting the purchase of 503,147 shares was due to be filed by May 13, 2022 and was instead filed on August 18, 2022. The Form 4 reporting the purchase of 504,514 shares was due to be filed on August 19, 2022 and was instead filed on August 21, 2022. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our officers receive direct compensation from us. We have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for its allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and any of their respective staff who provide services to us, operations staff who provide services to us, and internal audit staff, if any. In addition, to the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions at cost. We will agree to reimburse the Administrator for its allocable portion of the compensation of any personnel that it provides for use by us. Compensation of Trustees Each Independent Trustee of the Board is paid an annual board retainer of 50,000, payable in quarterly installments. We reimburses Independent Trustees for any out-of-pocket expenses related to their service as members of the Board. The Independent Trustees of the Board do not receive any stock-based compensation for their service as members of the Board. Our trustees who are employed by Stellus Capital Management do not receive any compensation for their service as members of the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee Chairman is paid an additional annual retainer of 10,000. The table below sets forth the compensation received by each director from us and the Fund Complex for service during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name of Director Fees Earned and Paid in Cash by the Company Total Compensation from the Company Total Compensation from the Fund Complex J. Tim Arnoult 60,000 60,000 182,000 Bruce R. Bilger 50,000 50,000 152,000 William C. Repko 50,000 50,000 155,000 Compensation Committee We currently do not have a compensation committee. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2022 none of our executive officers served on the Board (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on our compensation committee or on our Board. No executive officer or member of the Board participated in deliberations of the Board concerning executive officer compensation. No member of the Board had any relationship requiring disclosure under any paragraph of Item 404 of Regulation S-K. Compensation Committee Report Currently, we do not compensate any of our executive officers, and as such we are not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion in our annual report on Form 10-K. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of March 3, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each current trustee, executive officer, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding common share of beneficial interest and the executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Common shares subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 3, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 such options or warrants. Such shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Percentage of ownership is based on 5,483,433 common shares of beneficial interest outstanding as of March 3, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, to our knowledge, each shareholder listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by the shareholder, except to the extent authority is shared by their spouses under applicable law. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all executive officers and directors is c/o Stellus Private Credit BDC, 4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 2200, Houston, Texas 77027. Our directors are divided into two groups - Interested Trustees and Independent Trustees. Interested trustees are interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Owned Beneficially (1) Percentage of Class Interested Trustees Robert T. Ladd 14,698 Dean D Angelo 11,860 Independent Trustees J. Tim Arnoult Bruce R. Bilger William C. Repko Executive Officers W. Todd Huskinson 2,109 Executive officers and trustees as a group (6 persons) 28,667 5 Holders Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund CCLF (2) 837,808 15.28 Cliffwater Enhanced Lending Fund CELF (3) 418,905 7.64 New York State Nurses Pension Plan (4) 624,693 11.39 Shotfut Ashrai Lo Sachir Phoenix Amitim (5)(6) 1,592,969 29.05 The Phoenix Insurance Company Ltd. (7) 281,112 5.13 Legacy Knight Strategic Opportunities Fund SCM Series (8) 749,633 13.67 Selective Insurance Company of America (9) 374,816 6.84 

 Less than 1 (1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (2) The address of CCLF is c/o UMB Fund Services, Inc. 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212 (3) The address of CELF is c/o UMB Fund Services, Inc. 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212 (4) The address of the New York State Nurses Pension Plan is 3 Pine West Plaza Washington Ave Ex, Albany, New York 12205. (5) The address of Shotfut Ashrai Lo Sachir Phoenix Amitim is 53 Derech Hashalom, Givataym, Israel 53454. (6) Shotfut Ashrai Lo Sachir is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Phoenix Insurance Company Ltd. (7) The address of The Phoenix Insurance Company Ltd is 53 Derech Hashalom, Givataym, Israel 53454. (8) The address of Legacy Knight Strategic Opportunities Fund SCM Series is 2525 Knight Street, Suite 275, Dallas, TX 75219 (9) The address of Selective Insurance Company of America is 40 Wantage Avenue, Branchville, NJ 07890. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 3, 2023, the dollar range of our securities owned by our directors and executive officers of the Fund Complex. For the purposes of this Proxy Statement, the term Fund Complex is defined to include the Company and Stellus Capital Investment Corporation. 

Name Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned (1)(2)(4) Aggregate Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Fund Complex (1)(3) Interested Trustee: Robert T. Ladd over 100,000 over 100,000 Dean D Angelo over 100,000 over 100,000 Independent Trustee: J. Tim Arnoult None over 100,000 Bruce R. Bilger None over 100,000 William C. Repko None over 100,000 Executive Officers: W. Todd Huskinson 10,001 - 50,000 over 100,000 

 (1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (2) The dollar range of the equity securities beneficially owned is based on the product obtained by multiplying the current net offering price of our common shares times the number of our common shares beneficially owned.
 (3) The dollar range of equity securities in the Fund Complex beneficially owned by our trustees and officers, if applicable, is the sum of (a) the total dollar range of our equity securities beneficially owned and (b) the closing price per share of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation s common stock of 14.92 on March 2, 2023 on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ).
 (4) The dollar ranges of equity securities beneficially owned are: none; 1 - 10,000; 10,001 - 50,000; 50,001 - 100,000; and over 100,000.
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence We have procedures in place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving us and certain persons related to us. As a BDC, the 1940 Act generally restricts our ability to participate in transactions with persons affiliated with us, including our officers, directors, and employees and any person controlling or under common control with us. We have entered into an investment advisory agreement with the Advisor and an administration agreement with the Administrator. Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement, we have agreed to pay to the Advisor a management fee and incentive fee. Messrs. Ladd and D Angelo, each an interested member of our Board, and Mr. Huskinson, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, have a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Administrator and the majority owner of the Advisor. In addition, Messrs. Ladd, D Angelo, and Huskinson and the partners of Stellus Capital Management may serve as officers, directors or principals of other investment funds managed by the Advisor, the Administrator or other investment managers affiliated with the Advisor or the Administrator. Our Advisor, Administrator and its affiliates manage, and in the future may also manage, other funds that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, to our investment mandates. Messrs. Ladd and Huskinson each serve as officers and Messrs. Ladd and D Angelo each serve as directors of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, a business development company, which commenced operations in May 2012 and is managed by our Administrator. Our Advisor and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Advisor or its 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Advisor s allocation procedures. On May 9, 2022, we received an exemptive order (the Order from the SEC to co-invest with private funds, other BDCs, and registered investment companies managed by Stellus Capital Management or an adviser that is controlled, controlling, or under common control with Stellus Capital Management, subject to the conditions included therein as well as applicable law. Pursuant to the Order, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our Independent Trustees must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objectives and strategies. We co-invest, subject to the conditions included in the Order, with private credit funds managed by Stellus Capital Management that have an investment strategy that is similar to or identical to our investment strategy, and we may co-invest with other BDCs and registered investment companies managed by Stellus Capital Management or an adviser that is controlled, controlling, or under common control with Stellus Capital Management in the future. We believe that such co-investments may afford us additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve greater diversification. Stellus Capital Management and our Advisor have adopted an allocation policy to ensure the equitable distribution of investment opportunities. In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us, our officers screen each of our transactions for any possible affiliations, close or remote, between the proposed portfolio investment, us, companies controlled by us and our employees and directors. We will not enter into any agreements unless and until we are satisfied that no affiliations prohibited by the 1940 Act exist or, if such affiliations exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek Board review and approval or additional exemptive relief from the SEC for such transaction. We have entered into a royalty-free license agreement with Stellus Capital Management, pursuant to which it has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive license to use the name Stellus. Under the license agreement, we have the right to use the Stellus name for so long as Stellus Capital Management or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. In addition, we rent office space from Stellus Capital Management and pay Stellus Capital Management our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under our Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs. Director Independence Pursuant to Section 56 of the 1940 Act, a majority of a BDC s board of directors must be comprised of persons who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us or any of our affiliates. Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and us, the Adviser, or of any of their respective affiliates, the Board has determined that Messrs. Arnoult, Bilger, and Repko qualify as independent directors. Each director who serves on the Audit Committee is an independent director for purposes of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services The following aggregate fees by Grant Thornton LLP were billed to us for work attributable to audit, tax and other services for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 Audit Fees 244,860 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total Fees: 244,860 Services rendered by Grant Thornton in connection with fees presented above were as follows: Audit Fees. Audit fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. Audit-Related Fees. Audit related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that are not required by statute or regulation. Tax Fees. Tax fees include professional fees for tax compliance and tax advice. All Other Fees. Fees for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence. In accordance with the pre-approval policy, the Audit Committee includes every year a discussion and pre-approval of such services and the expected costs of such services for the year. Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval at the first Audit Committee meeting of the year must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. During the period February 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee pre-approved 100 of services described in this policy. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the SEC: a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP, Dallas, Texas, PCAOB ID 248) 20 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 21 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 22 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 23 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 7, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 24 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 25 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 29 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Form of Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 3.2 Form of Bylaws, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 4.1 Amended and Reinstated Dividend Reinvestment Plan of Stellus Private Credit BDC, effective as of December 17, 2022, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56378), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022 10.1 Investment Advisory Agreement, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 10.2 Administration Agreement, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 10.3 License Agreement, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 10.4 Indemnification Agreement, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56378), filed on December 22, 2021 10.5 Form of Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement between the Company and the Advisor, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000 56378), filed on December 22, 2021 10.6 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, between Stellus Private Credit BDC, Zions Bancorporation, N.A., d/b/a Amegy Bank the Amegy Bank as administrative agent, Swingline Lender, and the LC Issuer, and the Lenders, Incorporated by references to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56378), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022 10.7 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022, between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Signature Bank as the lender, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56378), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022 10.8 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Signature Bank as lender 10.9 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement by and between the Company, as the borrower and Signature Bank Signature Bank ), as the lender, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56378), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022 10.10 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Signature Bank as lender 10.11 Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022, by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Signature Bank as lender 10.12 Fifth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Signature Bank as lender 10.13 Form of Custodian Agreement, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Amended Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000 56378), filed on February 16, 2022 10.14 Waiver Letter to Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022, by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Stellus Private Advisor, LLC 14.1 Code of Ethics 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant and jurisdiction of incorporation/organization: PBDC Consolidated Blocker, LLC Delaware 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

 Filed herewith c. Financial statement schedules No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Robert T. Ladd Name: Robert T. Ladd Title: Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ W. Todd Huskinson Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Robert T. Ladd Name: Robert T. Ladd Title: Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ W. Todd Huskinson Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Dean D Angelo Name: Dean D Angelo Title: Trustee Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ J. Tim Arnoult Name: J. Tim Arnoult Title: Trustee Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Bruce R. Bilger Name: Bruce R. Bilger Title: Trustee Dated: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ William C. Repko Name: William C. Repko Title: Trustee 
 67 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 EXECUTION VERSION FIRST AMENDMENT Dated as of May 5, 2022 to REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Dated as of February 1, 2022 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of May 5, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and between STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act Borrower ), and SIGNATURE BANK , as lender under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) Signature Bank ). RECITALS WHEREAS, Borrower and Signature Bank are parties to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to make certain changes to the Credit Agreement as further described herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein and in the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Credit Agreement. Section 2. Changes to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 2.1. The definition of Maximum Commitment Amount in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: Maximum Commitment Amount means 75,000,000, as it may be reduced pursuant to the terms of Section 3.5(a) or increased pursuant to the terms of Section 3.5(b) . 2.2. Schedule II to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Annex A hereto. 

 Section 3. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 2 hereof shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date upon which each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied or waived: 3.1. Signature Bank shall have received a counterpart (or counterparts) of this Amendment, executed and delivered by Borrower, or other evidence satisfactory to Signature Bank of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower; 3.2. Signature Bank shall have received (a) resolutions of Borrower, authorizing the entry into this Amendment, certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as correct and complete copies thereof and in effect on the date hereof, and (b) a favorable opinion of counsel to Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Signature Bank and its counsel, dated as of the Effective Date; 3.3. Borrower shall have paid to Signature Bank an increase facility fee in an amount equal to 46,575.34, which amount shall be payable to Signature Bank and shall be fully earned as of the Effective Date, non-refundable and not creditable against any other fee due and owing under the Loan Documents; and 3.4. Borrower shall have paid all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Loan Documents and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, including, without limitation, payment of all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by Borrower hereunder, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP. Section 4. Miscellaneous . 4.1. Reaffirmation of Covenants, Representations and Warranties . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrower hereby reaffirms all covenants applicable to it, and confirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects; provided that to the extent such representations and warranties were made as of an earlier specific date, the same shall continue, as of the Effective Date, to be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier specific date. 4.2. Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general equitable principles (whether considered a proceeding in equity or at law), and (ii) upon the Effective Date and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Potential Default or Event of Default shall exist. 4.3. References to the Credit Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein , or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 -2- 

 4.4. Effect on Credit Agreement . Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 4.5. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Signature Bank under the Credit Agreement or any other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith, nor constitute a waiver of any provision contained therein, except as specifically set forth herein. 4.6. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 4.7. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 4.8. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are for reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 4.9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof, or a signature page hereto, by facsimile or in a .pdf or similar file shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart thereof. [Signatures Follow] 
 -3- 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act By: Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Authorized Person 
 
 Signature Stellus BDC First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

 LENDER: SIGNATURE BANK , as Lender By: Name: Trevor Freeman Title: Managing Director By: Name: Kaylin Searles Title: Vice President 
 
 Signature Stellus BDC First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

 Annex A to First Amendment SCHEDULE II Lender Commitments and Related Information Commitment: 75,000,000 Notice address for Signature Bank : Signature Bank 1400 Broadway, 26th Fl, New York NY 10018 Attention: Trevor Freeman, Managing Director Telephone: (646) 968-4337 Telefax: (646) 927-4015 Email: trfreeman@signatureny.com 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10

Exhibit 10.10 THIRD AMENDMENT Dated as of July 19, 2022 to REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Dated as of February 1, 2022 This THIRD AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of July 19, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and between STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act Borrower ), and SIGNATURE BANK , as lender under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) Signature Bank ). RECITALS WHEREAS, Borrower and Signature Bank are parties to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of May 5, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 17, 2022 and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to make certain changes to the Credit Agreement as further described herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein and in the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Credit Agreement.
 Section 2. Changes to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), certain sections of the Credit Agreement are hereby amended as set forth on Annex A hereto. Language being inserted into the applicable section of the Credit Agreement is evidence by bold underline formatting. Language being deleted from the applicable section of the Credit Agreement is evidence by strike-through formatting.
 Section 3. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 2 hereof shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date upon which each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied or waived:
 3.1. Signature Bank shall have received a counterpart (or counterparts) of this Amendment, executed and delivered by Borrower, or other evidence satisfactory to Signature Bank of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower; and

3.2. Borrower shall have paid all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Loan Documents and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, including, without limitation, payment of all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by Borrower hereunder, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP. 
 Section 4. Miscellaneous .
 4.1. Reaffirmation of Covenants, Representations and Warranties . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrower hereby reaffirms all covenants applicable to it, and confirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects; provided that to the extent such representations and warranties were made as of an earlier specific date, the same shall continue, as of the Effective Date, to be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier specific date.
 4.2. Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms , subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general equitable principles (whether considered a proceeding in equity or at law), and (ii) upon the Effective Date and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Potential Default or Event of Default shall exist.
 4.3. References to the Credit Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein , or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.
 4.4. Effect on Credit Agreement . Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed.
 4.5. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Signature Bank under the Credit Agreement or any other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith, nor constitute a waiver of any provision contained therein, except as specifically set forth herein.
 4.6. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 4.7. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 4.8. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are for reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Amendment.

4.9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof, or a signature page hereto, by facsimile or in a .pdf or similar file shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart thereof.
 [Signatures Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act By: Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Chief Financial officer 

LENDER: SIGNATURE BANK , as Lender By: Name: Trevor Freeman Title: Managing Director By: Name: Kaylin Searles Title: Vice President 
 
 Exhibit H Page ii 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex10d11.htm
 EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11 FOURTH AMENDMENT Dated as of September 7, 2022 to REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Dated as of February 1, 2022 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of September 7, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and between STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act Borrower ), and SIGNATURE BANK , as lender under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) Signature Bank ). RECITALS WHEREAS, Borrower and Signature Bank are parties to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of May 5, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 17, 2022, that certain Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of July 19, 2022 and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to make certain changes to the Credit Agreement as further described herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein and in the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Credit Agreement. Section 2. Changes to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 2.1. The definition of Borrowing Base is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: Borrowing Base means, (A) at any time from and including the Fourth Amendment Effective Date until October 31, 2022, 79 of the aggregate Unfunded Capital Commitments of Included Investors and Designated Investors, and (B) from and including October 31, 2022 and at any time thereafter, an amount equal to the sum of (i) 90 of the aggregate Unfunded Capital Commitments of Included Investors with a Rating of A3/A- or higher, (ii) 75 of the aggregate Unfunded Capital Commitments of Included Investors with a Rating of Baa3/BBB- or higher, and (iii) 65 of the aggregate Unfunded Capital Commitments of the Designated Investors. The first Rating indicated in each case above is the Moody s Rating and the 

 second Rating indicated in each case above is the S P s Rating. In the event that the S P and Moody s Ratings are not equivalent, the calculation of the applicable Rating requirement shall be based on the lower of the two. If any such Investor has only one Rating from either S P or Moody s, then that Rating shall apply. If the Rating of any Investor falls below the Rating requirement set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition, as applicable, then such Investor shall be deemed to have failed such Rating requirement and shall be downgraded to the Rating requirement it then satisfies and, if such Included Investor no longer satisfies the Rating requirement of clause (i) or (ii), such Included Investor shall be a Designated Investor (subject to Lender s discretion). 2.2. A new defined term Fourth Amendment Effective Date is hereby added to Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement in the appropriate alphabetical order as follows: Fourth Amendment Effective Date means September 7, 2022. Section 3. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 2 hereof shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date upon which each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied or waived: 3.1. Signature Bank shall have received a counterpart (or counterparts) of this Amendment, executed and delivered by Borrower, or other evidence satisfactory to Signature Bank of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower; and 3.2. Borrower shall have paid all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Loan Documents and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, including, without limitation, payment of all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by Borrower hereunder, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP. Section 4. Miscellaneous . 4.1. Reaffirmation of Covenants, Representations and Warranties . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrower hereby reaffirms all covenants applicable to it, and confirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects; provided that to the extent such representations and warranties were made as of an earlier specific date, the same shall continue, as of the Effective Date, to be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier specific date. 4.2. Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general equitable principles (whether considered a proceeding in equity or at law), and (ii) upon the Effective Date and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Potential Default or Event of Default shall exist. 4.3. References to the Credit Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , 
 -2- 

 herein , or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 4.4. Effect on Credit Agreement . Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 4.5. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Signature Bank under the Credit Agreement or any other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith, nor constitute a waiver of any provision contained therein, except as specifically set forth herein. 4.6. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 4.7. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 4.8. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are for reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 4.9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof, or a signature page hereto, by facsimile or in a .pdf or similar file shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart thereof. [Signatures Follow] 
 -3- 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act By: Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Chief Financial officer 
 
 Signature Stellus BDC Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

 LENDER: SIGNATURE BANK , as Lender By: Name: Charles Newcomb Title: Managing Director By: Name: Kevin Castellano Title: Vice President 
 
 Signature Stellus BDC Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex10d12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 FIFTH AMENDMENT Dated as of February 1, 2023 to REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Dated as of February 1, 2022 This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of February 1, 2023 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and between STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act Borrower ), and SIGNATURE BANK , as lender under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) Signature Bank ). RECITALS WHEREAS, Borrower and Signature Bank are parties to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of May 5, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 17, 2022, that certain Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of July 19, 2022, that certain Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of September 7, 2022 and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to make certain changes to the Credit Agreement as further described herein; WHEREAS, Section 9.6 of the Credit Agreement provides, among other things, that Borrower shall not alter, amend, modify, terminate, waive or change any provision of its Constituent Documents without the approval of Signature Bank (the Amendment Covenant WHEREAS, Section 8.1(d) of the Credit Agreement provides, among other things, that Borrower shall, within one (1) Business Day of becoming aware of the existence of any Event of Default or Potential Default, furnish to Signature Bank a written notice specifying the nature and period of the existence thereof and the action which Credit Parties are taking or propose to take with respect thereto (the Notification Covenant and, together with the Amendment Covenant, the Specified Covenants WHEREAS, Borrower (a) amended certain of its Constituent Documents on January 11, 2023 in violation of the Amendment Covenant resulting in an Event of Default and (b) failed to comply with the Notification Covenant with respect to the Event of Default resulting from Borrower effectuating such amendment in violation of the Amendment Covenant; WHEREAS, Borrower has requested that Signature Bank waive the Potential Defaults and Events of Default arising solely in connection with Borrower (a) amending certain of its Constituent Documents on January 11, 2023 in violation of the Amendment Covenant (the Amendment Event of Default and (b) failing to comply with the Notification Covenant with respect to the Amendment Event of Default (the Notification Event of Default WHEREAS, from time to time after the occurrence of the Amendment Event of Default and the Notification Event of Default but prior to the date hereof, Borrower has represented and warranted that the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents were true and correct and/or in compliance with as of the date such representations, warranties 

 and covenants were made, including representations and warranties that no event had occurred and was continuing that constitutes a Potential Default or an Event of Default (to the extent such representations, warranties and covenants were not true and correct or in violation as of the date made solely as a result of the Amendment Event of Default or the Notification Event of Default, the Representation Event of Default and, together with the Amendment Event of Default and the Notification Event of Default, the Specified Events of Default and WHEREAS, Signature Bank has agreed to grant such request on the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein and in the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Credit Agreement. SECTION 2. Changes to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 2.1. The defined term Stated Maturity Date in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: Stated Maturity Date means December 31, 2023. 2.2. The defined term Maximum Commitment Amount in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: Maximum Commitment Amount means 50,000,000, as such amount may be (a) reduced pursuant to the terms of Section 3.5(a) or (b) increased pursuant to the terms of Section 3.5(b) . 2.3. The defined term Specified Date in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 2.4. Section 2.11(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 2.5. Section 3.5(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 2.6. Schedule II to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Annex A hereto. SECTION 3. Waiver . Signature Bank hereby agrees to and hereby grants the request of Borrower to waive the Potential Defaults and Events of Default arising solely in connection with the Specified Events of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the waiver contained herein is a one-time waiver and is limited solely to the matters referred to in the previous sentence, and (ii) all other provisions contained in the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and otherwise in the Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect. 
 -2- 

 SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 2 and Section 3 hereof shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date upon which each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied or waived: 4.1. Signature Bank shall have received a counterpart (or counterparts) of this Amendment, executed and delivered by Borrower, or other evidence satisfactory to Signature Bank of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower; 4.2. Signature Bank shall have received (a) resolutions of Borrower, authorizing the entry into this Amendment, certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as correct and complete copies thereof and in effect on the date hereof, and (b) a favorable opinion of counsel to Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Signature Bank and its counsel, dated as of the Effective Date; 4.3. Borrower shall have paid to Signature Bank an extension fee in an amount equal to 114,041.10 (being twenty-five basis points (0.25 of the Maximum Commitment in effect on the Effective Date, prorated for the remaining tenor of the Credit Facility), which such fee shall be (a) payable to Signature Bank, (b) fully earned as of the Effective Date, (c) non-refundable, and (d) not creditable against any other fee due and owing under the Loan Documents; and 4.4. Borrower shall have paid all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Loan Documents and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, including, without limitation, payment of all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by Borrower hereunder, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP. SECTION 5. Miscellaneous . 5.1. Reaffirmation of Covenants, Representations and Warranties . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrower hereby reaffirms all covenants applicable to it, and confirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects; provided that to the extent such representations and warranties were made as of an earlier specific date, the same shall continue, as of the Effective Date, to be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier specific date. 5.2. Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general equitable principles (whether considered a proceeding in equity or at law), and (ii) after giving effect to Section 3 hereof, upon the Effective Date and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Potential Default or Event of Default shall exist. 5.3. References to the Credit Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , this Credit Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein , or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 -3- 

 5.4. Effect on Credit Agreement . Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 5.5. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Signature Bank under the Credit Agreement or any other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith, nor constitute a waiver of any provision contained therein, except as specifically set forth herein. 5.6. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 5.7. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 5.8. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are for reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 5.9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof, or a signature page hereto, by facsimile or in a .pdf or similar file shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart thereof. [Signatures Follow] 
 -4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC , a Delaware statutory trust that is regulated under the 1940 Act By: Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Chief Financial officer 
 
 Signature - Stellus BDC Fifth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

LENDER: SIGNATURE BANK , as Lender By: Name: Trevor Freeman Title: Managing Director By: Name: Kaylin Searles Title: Vice President 
 
 Signature - Stellus BDC Fifth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

Annex A SCHEDULE II Lender Commitments and Related Information Commitment: 50,000,000 Notice address for Signature Bank : Signature Bank 1400 Broadway, 26th Fl, New York NY 10018 Attention: Trevor Freeman, Managing Director Telephone: (646) 968-4337 Telefax: (646) 927-4015 Email: trfreeman@signatureny.com 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 Stellus Private Credit BDC 4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 2200 Houston, Texas 77027 Re: Investment Advisory Agreement between Stellus Private Credit BDC and Stellus Private BDC Advisor, LLC This waiver letter agreement (this Waiver Letter to the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (the Agreement ), by and between Stellus Private Credit BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and Stellus Private BDC Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ), is made this 7th day of January, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. The Advisor agrees to waive its right to receive the Base Management Fee in its entirety prior to the first fiscal quarter immediately following the two-year anniversary of the initial closing of capital commitments by the Fund. For periods thereafter ending on or prior to the date of the quotation or listing of the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest on a national securities exchange (the Exchange Listing , the Adviser hereby agrees to waive the Base Management Fee, calculated in accordance with the Agreement, in excess of 1.00 . In addition, the Advisor (i) agrees that all of the 15 figures referenced in the Agreement with respect to the Income Incentive Fee and Capital Gains Incentive Fee will be decreased to 10 (and the other provisions thereof adjusted accordingly) until such time as the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest or other equity securities are listed for trading on a national securities exchange and (ii) agrees to waive any Income Incentive Fee and Capital Gains Incentive Fee it would otherwise be entitled to under the Agreement absent the existence of this Waiver Letter. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Agreement remains in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this Waiver Letter, nor consent to any departure by either party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of the party to be charged with the waiver or consent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. This Waiver Letter may only be modified or terminated prior with the approval of the Fund s Board of Trustees. This Waiver Letter and the Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. This Waiver Letter shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. This Waiver Letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one party, but all of such counterparts together shall constitute one agreement. [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank ] 

Very truly yours, STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC By: Name: W. Todd Huskinson Title: Authorized Signatory 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: STELLUS PRIVATE BDC ADVISOR, LLC By: Name: Robert T. Ladd Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [ Signature Page to Waiver Letter Investment Advisory Agreement ] 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-14.1>
 7
 tmb-20221231xex14d1.htm
 EX-14.1

Exhibit 14.1 STELLUS PRIVATE CREDIT BDC AND STELLUS CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION CODE OF ETHICS This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by the Board of Directors and the Board of Trustees, respectively (together, the Board ), of Stellus Private Credit BDC and Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (together, the Company in accordance with Rule 17j-l(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and the May 9, 1994 Report of the Advisory Group on Personal Investing by the Investment Company Institute (the Report ). Rule 17j-1 generally describes fraudulent or manipulative practices with respect to purchases or sales of securities held or to be acquired by business development companies if effected by access persons of such companies. The purpose of this Code is to reflect the following: (1) the duty at all times to place the interests of shareholders first; (2) the requirement that all personal securities transactions be conducted consistent with the Code and in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or any abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility; and (3) the fundamental standard that business development company personnel should not take inappropriate advantage of their positions. SECTION I: STATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND APPLICABILITY (A) Statement of Purpose It is the policy of the Company that no affiliated person of the Company shall, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by such person of any security held or to be acquired by the Company, (1) Employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company; (2) Make to the Company any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to the Company a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it is made, not misleading; (3) Engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Company; or (4) Engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company. 
 1 

 (B) Scope of the Code In order to prevent the Access Persons, as defined in Section II, paragraph (A) below, of the Company from engaging in any of these prohibited acts, practices or courses of business, the Board has adopted this Code. SECTION II: DEFINITIONS (A) Access Person . Access Person means any director, officer, or Advisory Person of the Company or its investment adviser. (B) Advisory Person . Advisory Person of the Company means: (i) any director, officer or employee of the Company or its investment adviser or of any company in a control relationship to the Company or its investment adviser, who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a control relationship to the Company or its investment adviser who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security. (C) Beneficial Interest . Beneficial Interest includes any entity, person, trust, or account with respect to which an Access Person exercises investment discretion or provides investment advice. A beneficial interest shall be presumed to include all accounts in the name of or for the benefit of the Access Person, his or her spouse, dependent children, or any person living with him or her or to whom he or she contributes economic support. (D) Beneficial Ownership . Beneficial Ownership shall be determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), except that the determination of direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership shall apply to all securities, and not just equity securities, that an Access Person holds or acquires. Rule 16a-1(a)(2) provides that the term beneficial owner means any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in any equity security. Therefore, an Access Person may be deemed to have Beneficial Ownership of securities held by members of his or her immediate family sharing the same household, or by certain partnerships, trusts, corporations, or other 
 2 

 arrangements. (E) Control . Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act. (F) Covered Security . Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the 1940 Act, except that it does not include (i): direct obligations of the Government of the United States; (ii) banker s acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments including repurchase agreements; and (iii) shares issued by registered open-end investment companies (i.e., mutual funds); however, exchange traded funds structured as unit investment trusts or open-end funds are considered Covered Securities. (G) Company . The Company means collectively, Stellus Private Credit BDC, a Delaware statutory trust and Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation. (H) Designated Officer . Designated Officer shall mean the officer of the Company designated by the Board from time to time to be responsible for management of compliance with this Code. The Designated Officer may appoint a designee to carry out certain of his or her functions pursuant to this Code. (I) Disinterested Director . Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. (J) Initial Public Offering . Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (K) Investment Personnel . Investment Personnel means: (i) any employee of the Company or its investment adviser (or of any company in a control relationship to the Company or its investment adviser) who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company; and (ii) any natural person who controls the Company or its investment adviser and who obtains information concerning recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company. 
 3 

 (L) Limited Offering . Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505 or Rule 506 under the Securities Act. (M) Purchase or Sale of a Covered Security . Purchase or Sale of a Covered Security is broad and includes, among other things, the writing of an option to purchase or sell a Covered Security, or the use of a derivative product to take a position in a Covered Security. SECTION III: STANDARDS OF CONDUCT (A) General Standards (1) No Access Person shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any business transaction or arrangement for personal profit that is inconsistent with the best interests of the Company or its shareholders; nor shall he or she make use of any confidential information gained by reason of his or her employment by or affiliation with the Company or affiliates thereof in order to derive a personal profit for himself or herself or for any Beneficial Interest, in violation of the fiduciary duty owed to the Company or its shareholders. (2) Any Access Person recommending or authorizing the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by the Company shall, at the time of such recommendation or authorization, disclose any Beneficial Interest in, or Beneficial Ownership of, such Covered Security or the issuer thereof. (3) No Access Person shall dispense any information concerning securities holdings or securities transactions of the Company to anyone outside the Company, without obtaining prior written approval from the Designated Officer, or such person or persons as these individuals may designate to act on their behalf. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, such Access Person may dispense such information without obtaining prior written approval: (a) when there is a public report containing the same information; (b) when such information is dispensed in accordance with compliance procedures established to prevent conflicts of interest between the Company and its affiliates; (c) when such information is reported to directors of the Company; 
 4 

 or (d) in the ordinary course of his or her duties on behalf of the Company. (4) All personal securities transactions should be conducted consistent with this Code and in such a manner as to avoid actual or potential conflicts of interest, the appearance of a conflict of interest, or any abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility within the Company. (B) Prohibited Transactions (1) General Prohibition . No Access Person shall purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Security in which he or she has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership and which such Access Person knows or should have known at the time of such purchase or sale is being considered for purchase or sale by the Company, or is held in the portfolio of the Company unless such Access Person shall have obtained prior written approval for such purpose from the Designated Officer. (a) An Access Person who becomes aware that the Company is considering the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by any person (an issuer) must immediately notify the Designated Officer of any interest that such Access Person may have in any outstanding Covered Securities of that issuer. (b) An Access Person shall similarly notify the Designated Officer of any other interest or connection that such Access Person might have in or with such issuer. (c) Once an Access Person becomes aware that the Company is considering the purchase or sale of a Covered Security or that the Company holds a Covered Security in its portfolio, such Access Person may not engage, without prior approval of the Designated Officer, in any transaction in any Covered Securities of that issuer. (d) The foregoing notifications or permission may be provided verbally, but should be confirmed in writing as soon and with as much detail as possible. 
 5 

 (2) Initial Public Offerings and Limited Offerings . Investment Personnel of the Company must obtain approval from the Company before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering. (3) Blackout Periods . No Investment Personnel shall execute a securities transaction in any security that the Company owns or is considering for purchase or sale. (4) Company Acquisition of Shares in Companies that Investment Personnel Hold Through Limited Offerings . Investment Personnel who have been authorized to acquire securities in a Limited Offering must disclose that investment to the Designated Officer when they are involved in the Company s subsequent consideration of an investment in the issuer, and the Company s decision to purchase such securities must be independently reviewed by Investment Personnel with no personal interest in that issuer. (5) Gifts . No Access Person may accept, directly or indirectly, any gift, favor, or service of more than a de minimis value (e.g., 100) from any person with whom he or she transacts business on behalf of the Company under circumstances when to do so would conflict with the Company s best interests or would impair the ability of such person to be completely disinterested when required, in the course of business, to make judgments and/or recommendations on behalf of the Company. (6) Service as Director . No Access Person shall serve on the board of directors of a portfolio company of the Company without prior written authorization of the Designated Officer based upon a determination that the board service would be consistent with the interests of the Company and its shareholders. SECTION IV: PROCEDURES TO IMPLEMENT CODE OF ETHICS The following reporting procedures have been established to assist Access Persons in avoiding a violation of this Code, and to assist the Company in preventing, detecting, and imposing sanctions for violations of this Code. Every Access Person must follow these procedures. Questions regarding these procedures should be directed to the Designated Officer. (A) Applicability 
 6 

 All Access Persons are subject to the reporting requirements set forth in Section IV(B) except: (1) with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control; (2) a Disinterested Director, who would be required to make a report solely by reason of being a Director, need not make: (1) an initial holdings or an annual holdings report; and (2) a quarterly transaction report, unless the Disinterested Director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a Director, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately before or after such Disinterested Director s transaction in a Covered Security, the Company purchased or sold the Covered Security, or the Company or its investment adviser considered purchasing or selling the Covered Security. (3) an Access Person need not make a quarterly transaction report if the report would duplicate information contained in broker trade confirmations or account statements received by the Company with respect to the Access Person in the time required by subsection (B)(2) of this Section IV, if all of the information required by subsection (B)(2) of this Section IV is contained in the broker trade confirmations or account statements, or in the records of the Company, as specified in subsection (B)(4) of this Section IV. (B) Report Types (1) Initial Holdings Report . An Access Person must file an initial report not later than 10 days after that person became an Access Person. The initial report must: (a) contain the title, number of shares and principal amount of each Covered Security in which the Access Person had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership when the person became an Access Person; (b) identify any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any Covered Securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person; and (c) indicate the date that the report is filed with the Designated Person. A copy of a form of such report is attached hereto as Exhibit B. (2) Quarterly Transaction Report . An Access Person must file a quarterly transaction report not later than 30 days after the end of a calendar 
 7 

 quarter. (a) With respect to any transaction made during the reporting quarter in a Covered Security in which such Access Person had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership, the quarterly transaction report must contain: (i) the transaction date, title, interest date and maturity date (if applicable), the number of shares and the principal amount of each Covered Security; (ii) the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); (iii) the price of the Covered Security at which the transaction was effected; (iv) the name of the broker, dealer or bank through which the transaction was effected; and (v) the date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. A copy of a form of such report is attached hereto as Exhibit C. (b) With respect to any account established by the Access Person in which any securities were held during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person, the quarterly transaction report must contain: (i) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person established the account; (ii) the date the account was established; and (iii) the date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. (3) Annual Holdings Report . An Access Person must file an annual holdings report not later than 30 days after the end of a fiscal year. The annual report must contain the following information (which information must be current as of a date no more than 45 days before the report is submitted): (a) the title, number of shares, and principal amount of each Covered Security in which the Access Person had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership; (b) the name of any broker, dealer or bank in which any Covered Securities are held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person; and (c) the date the report is submitted. A copy of a form of such report is attached hereto as Exhibit D. (4) Account Statements . In lieu of providing a quarterly transaction report, an Access Person may direct his or her broker to provide to the Designated Officer copies of periodic statements for all investment accounts in which they have Beneficial Ownership that provide the information required in quarterly transaction reports, as set forth above. (5) Company Reports . No less frequently than annually, the Company must furnish to the Board, and the Board must consider, a written report that: 
 8 

 (a) describes any issues arising under the Code or procedures since the last report to the Board, including but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to the material violations; and (b) certifies that the Company has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. (C) Disclaimer of Beneficial Ownership . Any report required under this Section IV may contain a statement that the report shall not be construed as an admission by the person submitting such duplicate confirmation or account statement or making such report that he or she has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. (D) Review of Reports . The reports required to be submitted under this Section IV shall be delivered to the Designated Officer. The Designated Officer shall review such reports to determine whether any transactions recorded therein constitute a violation of the Code. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by any Access Person, such Access Person shall be given an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. The Designated Officer shall maintain copies of the reports as required by Rule 17j-1(f). (E) Acknowledgment and Certification . Upon becoming an Access Person and annually thereafter, the Company will provide, or make available, a copy of this Code to all Access Persons. Upon becoming an Access Person and annually thereafter, each Access Person shall sign an acknowledgment and certification of their receipt of and intent to comply with this Code in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and return it to the Designated Officer. Each Access Person must also certify annually that he or she has read and understands the Code and recognizes that he or she is subject to the Code. In addition, each access person must certify annually that he or she has complied with the requirements of the Code and that he or she has disclosed or reported all personal securities transactions required to be disclosed or reported pursuant to the requirements of the Code. (F) Records . The Company shall maintain records with respect to this Code in the manner and to the extent set forth below, which records may be maintained on microfilm or electronic storage media under the conditions described in Rule 31a-2(f) under the 1940 Act and shall be available for examination by representatives of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ): 
 9 

 (1) A copy of this Code and any other code of ethics of the Company that is, or at any time within the past five years has been, in effect shall be maintained in an easily accessible place; (2) A record of any violation of this Code and of any action taken as a result of such violation shall be maintained in an easily accessible place for a period of not less than five years following the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs; (3) A copy of each report made by an Access Person or duplicate account statement received pursuant to this Code, including any information provided in lieu of the reports under subsection (A)(3) of this Section IV shall be maintained for a period of not less than five years from the end of the fiscal year in which it is made or the information is provided, the first two years in an easily accessible place; (4) A record of all persons who are, or within the past five years have been, required to make reports pursuant to this Code, or who are or were responsible for reviewing these reports, shall be maintained in an easily accessible place; (5) A copy of each report required under subsection (B)(5) of this Section IV shall be maintained for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, the first two years in an easily accessible place; and (6) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the direct or indirect acquisition by an Access Person of beneficial ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering shall be maintained for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. (G) Obligation to Report a Violation . Every Access Person who becomes aware of a violation of this Code by any person must report it to the Designated Officer, who shall report it to appropriate management personnel. The management personnel will take such disciplinary action that they consider appropriate under the circumstances. In the case of officers or other employees of the Company, such action may include removal from office. If the management personnel consider disciplinary action against any person, they will cause notice thereof to be given to that person and provide to that person the opportunity to be heard. The Board will be notified, in a timely manner, of remedial action taken with respect to violations of the Code. 
 10 

 (H) Confidentiality . All reports of Covered Securities transactions, duplicate confirmations, account statements and other information filed with the Company or furnished to any person pursuant to this Code shall be treated as confidential, but are subject to review as provided herein and by representatives of the SEC or otherwise to comply with applicable law or the order of a court of competent jurisdiction. SECTION V: SANCTIONS Upon determination that a violation of this Code has occurred, appropriate management personnel of the Company may impose such sanctions as they deem appropriate, including, among other things, disgorgement of profits, a letter of censure or suspension or termination of the employment of the violator. All violations of this Code and any sanctions imposed with respect thereto shall be reported in a timely manner to the Board. SECTION VI: AMENDMENTS This Code may be amended from time to time by resolution of the Board, or without a resolution of the Board to the extent the approval of such amendment is not required under the 1940 Act. 
 11 

 EXHIBIT A ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION I acknowledge receipt of the Code of Ethics of Stellus Private Credit BDC and Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, as applicable. I have read and understand such Code of Ethics and agree to be governed by it at all times. Further, if I have been subject to the Code of Ethics during the preceding year, I certify that I have complied with the requirements of the Code of Ethics and have disclosed or reported all personal securities transactions required to be disclosed or reported pursuant to the requirements of the Code of Ethics. (signature) (please print name) Date: 
 
 12 

 EXHIBIT B INITIAL HOLDINGS REPORT Name Date 
 NAME OF ISSUER NUMBER OF SHARES PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
 I certify that the foregoing is a complete and accurate list of all securities in which I have any Beneficial Ownership. Signature 
 
 13 

 EXHIBIT C QUARTERLY TRANSACTION REPORT 

Name Date 

NAME OF NUMBER BROKER/ NAME OF OF INTEREST MATURITY PRINCIPAL TYPE OF DEALER/ DATE ISSUER SHARES DATE DATE AMOUNT TRANSACTION BANK 
 I certify that the foregoing is a complete and accurate list of all transactions for the covered period in securities in which I have any Beneficial Ownership. Signature 
 
 14 

 EXHIBIT D ANNUAL HOLDINGS REPORT 

Name Date 
 NAME OF ISSUER NUMBER OF SHARES PRINCIPAL AMOUNT NAME OF BROKER/DEALER/ BANK 
 I certify that the foregoing is a complete and accurate list of all securities in which I have any Beneficial Ownership. 

Signature 
 
 15 

 EXHIBIT E PERSONAL SECURITIES ACCOUNT INFORMATION Name Date 
 SECURITIES FIRM NAME AND ADDRESS ACCOUNT NUMBER ACCOUNT NAME(S) 
 I certify that the foregoing is a complete and accurate list of all securities accounts in which I have any Beneficial Ownership. 

Signature 
 
 16 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Robert T. Ladd, Chief Executive Officer of Stellus Private Credit BDC certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stellus Private Credit BDC; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have: (a) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (b) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) : (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Robert T. Ladd Robert T. Ladd Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, W. Todd Huskinson, Chief Financial Officer of Stellus Private Credit BDC certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stellus Private Credit BDC; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. T he registrant s other certifying officer and I have: (a) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (b) Dis closed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) : (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. . JK 

Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ W. Todd Huskinson W. Todd Huskinson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32 .1 STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Stellus Private Credit BDC (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Robert T. Ladd, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Robert T. Ladd Robert T. Ladd Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 tmb-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32 .2 STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Stellus Private Credit BDC (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Robert T. Ladd, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ W. Todd Huskinson W. Todd Huskinson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tmb-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

