<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1063537_0001437749-23-006914.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8379778</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158929</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1288463</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2658872</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2122895</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1948300</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006914.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316163113
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RiceBran Technologies
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001063537
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				870673375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36245
		FILM NUMBER:		23739257

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25420 KUYKENDAHL ROAD, SUITE B300
		CITY:			TOMBALL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77375
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2816752421

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25420 KUYKENDAHL ROAD, SUITE B300
		CITY:			TOMBALL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77375

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRACEA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRASTAR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIANCE CONSUMER INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010418

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006914.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 ribt20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ribt20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 RiceBran Technologies 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Capital Market 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was million calculated by using the closing price of the common stock on such date on NASDAQ Capital Market of 6.70 per share. 
 
 As of March 16, 2023, there were shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of shareholders, which Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

FORM 10-K 

INDEX 

PART I 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 15 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 42 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 

Signatures 
 47 

2

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, estimates, intends, plans, projects, will, may and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and concern matters that could subsequently differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this Annual Report. These risks and uncertainties include those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. We do not endorse any projections regarding future performance that may be made by third parties. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to RiceBran Technologies, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Company 
 
 We are a specialty ingredient and milling company that produces nutritional and functional ingredients derived from rice and other small and ancient grains for the nutraceutical, healthy food, companion animal and equine feed categories. Notably, we are a market leader in North America in converting raw rice bran into stabilized rice bran (SRB) and high value SRB derivative products including: 

RiBalance, a complete rice bran nutritional package derived from further processing SRB; 

RiSolubles, a highly nutritious, carbohydrate and lipid rich fraction of RiBalance; 

RiFiber, a protein and fiber rich insoluble derivative of RiBalance; and 

our family of ProRyza products, which includes derivatives composed of protein and protein/fiber blends. 

We have developed our products by optimizing proprietary processes. Our products are healthy, natural, and non-genetically modified ingredients that are hypoallergenic and gluten free for use in baked goods, cereals, coatings, health foods, high-end animal nutrition, and animal health. Our customer include food and animal nutrition manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers, both domestic and international. 
 
 We incorporated under the laws of the State of California in 2000. From July 2003 until October 2012, our corporate name was NutraCea. In October 2012, we changed our name to RiceBran Technologies . In 2018, we moved our corporate headquarters to Texas, from Arizona. 
 
 We produce SRB at four locations: two raw rice bran stabilization facilities located within supplier-owned rice mills in Arbuckle and West Sacramento, California, one company-owned rice bran stabilization facility in Mermentau, Louisiana, and our wholly owned rice mill in Wynne, Arkansas. 
 
 We further process SRB into high-value SRB derivatives at our Dillon, Montana facility using proprietary equipment and technology. Our primary products include: RiSolubles, RiFiber, RiBalance, in both organic and conventional formats, and our ProRyza family of products. 
 
 We own and operate two specialty mills: a rice mill and bran stabilization facility in Wynne, Arkansas operated be Golden Ridge Rice Mills, Inc. (Golden Ridge), acquired in 2018; and a grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks, Minnesota operated by MGI Grain, Incorporated (MGI), acquired in 2019. 
 
 Stabilized RiceBran (SRB) 
 
 As the leading supplier of SRB, we believe our greatest market opportunities are in the food ingredient and animal nutrition markets. Nutritionally balanced, minimally processed, gluten free, non-GMO and clean-label food and animal feed ingredients are in high demand, and we are strategically positioned to take advantage of this growing and sustainable market opportunity. 
 
 Food Ingredients 
 
 Our SRB and SRB derivative products are nutritional and beneficial food products that contain a unique combination of oil, protein, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals, fibers, and antioxidants that enhance the nutritional value of popular consumer products. Our products replace ingredients like soy protein isolate, soy protein concentrate, modified food starch, pea protein, mustard flour and yeast at a significantly reduced cost. Foods that are ideally suited for the addition of our SRB to their products include processed meats, cereals, snacks, beverages, baked goods, breading, and batters. 

4

Table of Contents 

Animal Nutrition 
 
 Our SRB is marketed as a feed ingredient in the United States and international animal nutrition markets, and we will continue to pursue sales opportunities with attractive margins in those markets. SRB is currently used as an equine feed ingredient as it has been shown to provide health benefits for show and performance horses. We believe that there are also numerous market opportunities for utilizing SRB in the production of food for companion animals. We have multiple engagements with customers in the companion animal market, and we are aggressively pursuing other opportunities. 
 
 Rice Bran 
 
 Rice is the staple food for over half of the world s population, especially in some of the world s most populous countries. Asia accounts for roughly 90 of global rice production and China is the world s number one rice producer. Globally, the United States ranks 12th in rice production with approximately 1 of the global total. 
 
 After harvest, individual rice kernels are stored in common receiving locations such as farm silos for future delivery to grain dryers or area rice mills. At this stage, large quantities of individual rice kernels are collectively called paddy rice, or rough rice. In this form, the rice kernel is fully enveloped by the rice hull, which serves as a protective cover, shielding the inner rice kernel from damage. 
 
 After storage and drying, paddy rice is cleaned of foreign material (scalping, de-stoning and aspiration). The paddy husker then uses differential speed rubber rollers to remove the hulls from rough rice. Aspiration carries off the loosened hulls, and the normal brown rice kernels (caryopsis) are separated from the unhusked kernels which are returned to the paddy husker. 
 
 Once husked, the outer brown layers of bran are removed from the inner white starch endosperm by an abrasive or frictional milling process producing a milled white rice kernel. After milling, white rice is typically sorted by size to remove broken kernels from whole kernels, and by color to remove discolored kernels. Further processing may also be used to polish the white rice for a smooth surface. 
 
 Raw rice bran collected from the milling process is composed of rice germ and several sub-layers (pericarp, testa, nucellus and aleurone) surrounding the white starchy endosperm. Commercial rice bran makes up approximately 10 of rough rice by weight. Rice germ, an especially nutrient rich material, makes up approximately 10 of commercial rice bran by weight. 
 
 In the milling process the oils present in raw rice bran come into contact with native lipase enzymes that are naturally present in the rice kernel which initiate a rapid enzymatic hydrolysis of the oil, converting oils (triglycerides) into monoglycerides, diglycerides and free fatty acids (FFA). As the FFA content builds in raw rice bran, the bran becomes unpalatable and off flavors (rancidity) develop. 
 
 If left unchecked, enzymatic degradation at room temperatures can increase the FFA levels to 5-8 within 24 hours continuing at a rate of approximately 4-5 per day thereafter. Rice bran stabilization deactivates the native enzymes to prevent the increase of FFA otherwise caused by lipase enzyme activity. Proper stabilization is critical in the preservation of the nutritional value of the bran. 
 
 Historically, there have been a number of attempts to develop rice bran stabilization techniques, including the use of chemicals, microwave heating or variations of existing extrusion technology. Many of these approaches have had limited success in part because they have produced rice bran with limited shelf life or with significant degradation of nutrients. 
 
 Rice Bran Stabilization 
 
 We stabilize rice bran with proprietary processes to create a combination of temperature, pressure and other conditions necessary to thoroughly deactivate enzymes without significantly damaging the structure or nutrient content of the raw rice bran, leaving the higher value compounds in bran, such as oils, proteins and phytonutrients undamaged and are available for utilization. 
 
 Our stabilizers are located in close proximity to the rice mills where we source raw bran so that the raw bran can be delivered quickly. We maintain exact process conditions within a prescribed pressure/temperature regime and have the ability to purge our equipment of material in the event of power failure or interruption of the flow of fresh bran into the system. 
 
 Once stabilized, SRB leaving our system is then discharged onto cooling units specifically designed to control air pressure and humidity. Once cooled, SRB can be loaded into bulk hopper trucks for large volume customers or sent by pneumatic conveyor to a bagging unit for packaging into various size bags or 2,000-pound sacks. 
 
 We operate stabilizers of our own design which we believe offer certain advantages. Each stabilizer processes approximately 2,000 pounds of bran per hour and has a capacity to produce over 7,200 tons of SRB per year. Stabilization production capacity can be doubled, tripled or further multiplied by installing additional units sharing a common conveyor and stage system. 

5

Table of Contents 

SRB can be further processed to produce fractions enriched in one or more macronutrients, including proteins, fibers, lipids and micronutrients such as vitamins, minerals and phytosterols, among others. In these processes, SRB is put into an aqueous slurry, treated with one or more enzymes, centrifugally separated and the fractions are dried. 
 
 SRB Attributes 
 
 Rice bran is free of all major allergens and is a valuable source of protein with a balanced amino acid profile for food ingredient products and is rich in healthy oil, vitamins, antioxidants, dietary fiber and other nutrients. The approximate composition and caloric content of our SRB is as follows: 

Fat (oil) 
 18-23 

Protein 
 12-16 

Total Dietary Fiber 
 20-30 

Moisture 
 4-8 

Ash 
 6-14 

Calories 
 3.2 kcal/gram 

Because SRB contains approximately 18-23 oil, it has a favorable fatty acid composition and excellent heat stability which makes it an attractive ingredient for a wide variety of applications. 
 
 Specialty Milling 
 
 Rice Mill 
 
 Our Golden Ridge rice mill and bran stabilization facility is located on nearly 32 acres in Wynne, Arkansas. Golden Ridge provides a presence in the largest rice-producing state and a cost-efficient source of SRB close to customers in the Midwest and Eastern U.S. Golden Ridge produces U.S. No. 1 and U.S. No. 2 Grade U.S. premium long and medium white rice milled to USDA standards. Golden Ridge adheres to standard operating procedures and passed all the prerequisite audits required to meet Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) standards and Safe Quality Food (SQF) certifications. 
 
 Barley and Oats Mill 
 
 Our MGI grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks, Minnesota specializes in processing barley, oats, and mustard. MGI provides us a presence in a key production region in the U.S. and a complimentary portfolio of ingredients purchased by substantially the same buyers as our rice products. MGI s facility is an American Institute of Baking (AIB) certified barley pearling facility, Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP) and SQF certified. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our stabilization processes are an adaptation of standard food processing technology applied to rice bran. We have chosen to treat our methods and processes as a trade secret and not to pursue process or process equipment patents on the original processes. As we develop improvements, we intend to periodically review whether we should seek patent protection for them. We believe that certain unique products, and their biological effects, resulting from our SRB may be patentable in the future. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 There is an expanding market for minimally processed plant-based ingredients that provide dense and balanced nutrition as well as high functionality while being non-GMO, gluten and allergen free. Regulatory requirements to add front-of-label warnings on food items and increasing demand from consumers for less processed ingredients is driving a shift to cleaner ingredients. We anticipate further adoption of our ingredients by food companies as a result, with a corresponding transition among high-end animal nutrition companies. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 We use internal sales staff, outside independent sales representatives and third-party distributors to market our portfolio of products to customers domestically and internationally. In 2022 and 2021, three customers accounted for 29.2 and 32.4 of our revenues. We continue to focus efforts on diversification of our customer base to mitigate the concentration of customers. 

6

Table of Contents 

Government Regulations 
 
 Our operations are subject to federal, foreign, state and local government laws and regulations, including those relating to zoning, workplace safety and accommodations for the disabled, and our relationships with our employees are subject to regulations, including minimum wage requirements, anti-discrimination laws, overtime and working conditions and citizenship requirements. 
 
 In both our U.S. and foreign markets, we are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations and other constraints exist at the federal, state and local levels in the U.S., and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions, including to the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale and storage of our products. We are also subject to regulations regarding product claims and advertising. 
 
 The formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the Food Drug Administration (FDA), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the USDA. We are also regulated by various states and local agencies where our products are manufactured and/or sold, as well as a host of agencies outside the U.S. Among other matters, the FDA and FTC are concerned with product safety and claims made with respect to a product s ability to provide health-related benefits. The FDA, under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), regulates the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution and sale of food and food ingredients, while the FTC regulates their advertising. 
 
 Federal agencies, including the FDA and the FTC, have a variety of enforcement remedies, including investigations, issuing warning letters and cease-and-desist orders, requiring corrective labeling or advertising, requiring consumer redress such as requiring that a company offer to repurchase products previously sold, seeking injunctive relief or product seizures, imposing civil penalties or commencing criminal prosecution. Certain state agencies have similar authority. These federal and state agencies have in the past used these remedies in regulating participants in the food and food ingredient industries, including the imposition of civil penalties. 
 
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), enacted January 4, 2011, amended the FDCA to significantly enhance the FDA s authority over various aspects of food regulation. The FSMA granted the FDA mandatory recall authority when the FDA determines there is a reasonable probability that a food is adulterated or misbranded and that the use of, or exposure to, the food will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. One of the more significant changes under FSMA is the requirement of hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls (HARPC) for all human and animal food processing facilities. We are committed to FSMA compliance and are SQF certified at all our facilities. 
 
 Any substance that is intentionally added to food is a food additive and is subject to premarket review and approval by the FDA, unless the substance is generally recognized, among qualified experts, as having been adequately shown to be safe under the conditions of its intended use, or unless the use of the substance is otherwise excluded from the definition of a food additive. When an additive is proposed for use in a meat, its safety, technical function and conditions of use must also be evaluated by the USDA. Because the USDA retains jurisdiction over meat products and food ingredients intended for use in meats, the use of our SRB meat enhancers is regulated by this agency. SRB has USDA approval for use in certain meat products. 
 
 Animal feed ingredients are regulated by the FDA at the federal level and by the individual states. Our SRB is defined for animal use as heat stabilized rice bran for use as a feed ingredient. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Recently, we have seen increased competition from companies that have invested significant resources to develop technologies for stabilizing and processing rice bran. We believe that we have proprietary technologies and processes for stabilizing rice bran, as well as significant brand recognition in the animal feed and food ingredient sectors both domestically and internationally. We also believe that we have industry-leading manufacturing facilities. However, we believe that increased competition negatively impacted our financial results in 2022 and is likely to continue to impact us negatively in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We are also aware of several new producers of rice-based animal nutrition and food ingredient products in the United States, Europe and Asia. We believe that our major competitors include producers of isolated soy protein, wheat bran and oat bran, particularly in the food ingredients market segment. We compete with other companies that offer products incorporating SRB as well as companies that offer other food ingredients. Many consumers may consider such products to be a replacement for our products. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We employ a skilled workforce within a broad range of functions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 94 employees. Our employees are located throughout the United States to serve our business operations. From year to year, we experience normal variable labor fluctuation at our production facilities. 

7

Table of Contents 

We attract and retain our workforce through a dynamic and inclusive culture by providing a safe work environment, flexible work arrangements, and competitive pay and benefits, including access to personal health advocates offering independent guidance. We believe that we have positive relationships with our employees and have deployed programs that advance employee engagement, communication, and feedback. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain an Internet website at the following address: www.ricebrantech.com. We make available on or through our Internet website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and the reports of beneficial ownership. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference in this report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. Investors or potential investors in our stock should carefully consider the risks described below. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 We have not yet achieved annual positive cash flows. 
 
 Our net cash used in operating activities was 3.9 million in 2022 and 4.2 million in 2021. We may not be able to achieve revenue growth, profitability or positive cash flow, on either a quarterly or annual basis, and that profitability, if achieved, may not be sustained. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, we may not be financially viable in the future and may have to curtail, suspend, or cease operations, restructure existing operations to attempt to ensure future viability, or pursue other alternatives such as pursuing dissolution and liquidation, seeking to merge with another company, selling all or substantially all of our assets or raising additional capital through equity or debt financings. 
 
 We have generated significant losses since our inception in 2000, and losses in the future could cause the trading price of our stock to decline or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flow, and ability to pay our debts as they become due. 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, we have incurred an accumulated deficit in excess of 316 million. We may not be able to achieve profitability or maintain profitable operations if achieved. If our losses continue, our liquidity may continue to be severely impaired, our stock price may fall and our shareholders may lose all or a significant portion of their investment. If we are not able to attain profitability in the near future our financial condition could deteriorate further which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects and result in a significant or complete loss of shareholder investment. Further, we may be unable to pay our debt obligations as they become due, which include obligations to secured creditors. 
 
 We may need to raise additional funds in the future to achieve our business objectives and to satisfy our cash obligations, which would dilute the ownership of our existing shareholders and possibly subordinate certain of their rights to the rights of new investors. 
 
 We may need to raise additional funds through debt or equity financings to complete our business objectives. We also may choose to raise additional funds in debt or equity financings if they are available to us on reasonable terms to increase our working capital, strengthen our financial position or to make acquisitions. Our board of directors has the ability, without seeking shareholder approval, to issue convertible debt and additional shares of common stock or preferred stock that is convertible into common stock for such consideration as the board of directors may consider sufficient, which may be at a discount to the market price. Any sales of additional equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution of the equity interests of our existing shareholders, which could be substantial. Additionally, if we issue shares of preferred stock or convertible debt to raise funds, the holders of those securities might be entitled to various preferential rights over the holders of our common stock, including repayment of their investment, and possibly additional amounts, before any payments could be made to holders of our common stock in connection with an acquisition of us. Such preferred shares, if authorized, might be granted rights and preferences that would be senior to, or otherwise adversely affect, the rights and the value of our common stock. Also, new investors may require that we and certain of our shareholders enter into voting arrangements that give them additional voting control or representation on our board of directors. We have a limited number of authorized and unissued (and unreserved) shares, which limits our ability to raise additional funds through such debt or equity financings. Our shareholders would need to approve any increase in the number of authorized shares. If we determine that such an increase is desirable, it is possible our shareholders will not approve the increase. 

8

Table of Contents 

Our outstanding debt is subject to terms that may adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 
 We entered into a factoring agreement in October 2019. The factoring agreement provides for a 7.0 million credit facility which we may draw upon to the extent we have qualifying accounts receivable as defined in the agreement. The lender has the right to demand repayment of advances under the facility at any time, and amounts owed under the agreement are secured by our personal property assets. If the lender demands repayment and we fail to make such repayment, or if we cause or permit any other event of default as defined in the agreement or fail to comply with covenants set forth in the agreement (including restrictions on incurring other debt under unsecured loans), we would be subject to additional expenses or possible foreclosure on our assets that secure our obligations under the agreement. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 We received 1.8 million on an SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan in April 2020 as provided for in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, enacted into U.S. law in March 2020. The outstanding principal and related accrued interest on our PPP loan were completely forgiven in January 2021. The SBA may audit any PPP loan at its discretion through January 2027, six years after the date the SBA forgave the loan. The SBA may review any or all of the following when auditing a PPP loan: whether the borrower qualified for the PPP loan, whether the PPP loan amount was appropriately calculated and the proceeds used for allowable purposes, and whether the loan forgiveness amount was appropriately determined. We could be deemed ineligible for the PPP loan received in 2020 upon audit by the SBA. We believe the SBA s stated intention is to focus its reviews on borrowers with loans greater than 2 million, thereby mitigating our future risk of an audit. The SBA continues to develop and issue new and updated guidance regarding required borrower certifications and requirements for forgiveness of loans made under the program. 
 
 As of March 16, 2023, we have 2.5 million outstanding on a mortgage promissory note. The note is secured by our real property located in Arkansas. If we fail to make repayment, we would be subject to additional expenses or possible foreclosure on the assets that secure our obligations under the agreement. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Inflation could adversely impact our ability to control operating expenses and capital costs, increase our level of indebtedness and adversely impact our customer base. 
 
 We could be adversely impacted by inflationary pressures in the underlying economy. Most notably, we have a considerable amount of debt for which the interest rate is indexed to market costs of borrowing, which could increase in an inflationary environment. Should our cost of borrowing rise significantly as a result of inflation, we may not be able to service this debt in a timely manner and/or may be forced to default on some of these obligations. Similarly, we have entered into agreements to purchase raw materials and to sell finished goods. Some of the agreements to purchase raw materials are indexed to an underlying commodity price index. Should the cost of raw materials rise faster than we are able to raise the prices of our finished goods, it could have a negative impact on our gross profits which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our consolidated financial statements and our Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our stock price. 
 
 We are required to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting and to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls in accordance with the framework established by Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls in the future, this could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial information or cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 There are significant market risks associated with our business. 
 
 Our business plan and strategies are based on certain assumptions regarding the size of the rice, rice bran, barley and oat markets, our anticipated share of these markets, the estimated price and acceptance of our products and other factors. These assumptions are based on our best estimates; however, our assessments may not prove to be correct. Any future success may depend upon factors including changes in governmental regulation, increased levels of competition, including the entry of additional competitors and increased success by existing competitors, changes in general economic conditions, increases in operating costs including costs of rice bran, production, supplies, personnel, equipment, and reduced margins caused by competitive pressures. Many of these factors are beyond our control. 
 
 Effects of COVID-19 pandemic and other health epidemics and outbreaks, including economic, regulatory, legal, workforce and cyber security risks, could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the business and financial markets of many countries, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility in the financial markets. In addition, the pandemic has resulted in travel restrictions, business closures and the institution of quarantining and other restrictions on movement in communities. With widespread availability of vaccines, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has revised its guidance, travel restrictions have started to lift and businesses have reopened. However, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the extent to which our business and results of operations are impacted will depend on various factors beyond our control, such as duration, severity and sustained geographic resurgence of the virus, the emergence of new variants, and the success of actions to contain the virus and its variants or treat its impact. The pandemic could adversely affect the demand for our products, and it poses the risk that we, or our customers, suppliers, and other business partners may be disrupted or prevented from conducting business for an uncertain period of time. The extent to which this would impact our financial results is unknown as it is dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. As such, it is difficult to estimate the exact magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 
 
 We have not had, and we do not expect any of our facilities to be closed subject to government-mandated closures, and we have informed our customers that we anticipate operating throughout the COVID-19 outbreak. Disruption in the supply chain of raw materials used to produce our products as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, has not caused us to close any of our facilities, and to date, our employees have been reporting to work, either remotely or in-person without any material change in attendance or productivity. However, we cannot ensure that the COVID-19 outbreak will not cause disruptions to our business in the future. 
 
 We depend on a limited number of customers and their ability to meet their obligations. 
 
 In 2022, three customers accounted for 29.2 of revenues and the top ten customers accounted for 54.4 of revenues. As of December 31, 2022, the customers with the highest ten balances accounted for 63.7 of accounts receivable. 

9

Table of Contents 

We are dependent upon the continued growth, viability and financial stability of our customers. We expect to continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenues. Consolidation among our customers may reduce our number of customers or result in a concentration of credit risk with respect to outstanding accounts receivable. We consider the financial strength of our customers, the remoteness of the possible risk that a default event will occur, the potential benefits to our future growth and development, possible actions to reduce the likelihood of a default event, and the benefits from the transaction, before entering into a large credit limit with a customer. Although we analyze these factors, the ultimate collection of the obligation from the customer may not occur. Although we continue to expand our customer base in an attempt to mitigate the concentration of credit risk, writing off of an accounts receivable balance could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents and trade receivables. Historically, we have not experienced any loss of our cash and cash equivalents, but we have experienced losses to our trade receivables. A significant reduction in sales to any of our significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We may encounter difficulties in maintaining relationships with distributors and customers while enforcing our credit policies. 
 
 We define credit risk as the risk of loss from obligors or counterparty default. Our credit risks arise from both distributors and customers. Many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Our ability to forecast future trends and spot shifts in consumer patterns or behavior even before they occur are vital for success in today s economy. In managing risk, our objective is to protect our profitability, but also to protect, to the extent we can, our ongoing relationships with our distributors and customers. However, as part of our credit risk policies, we occasionally must, among other things, cancel, reduce credit limits and place cash-only requirements for certain questionable accounts. These credit risk policies may negatively impact our relationships with our distributors and customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to generate sales is dependent upon our ability to continue our ongoing marketing efforts to raise awareness of our products and benefits of rice bran products generally. 
 
 We are dependent on our ability to market products to animal food producers, food manufacturers, mass merchandisers, health food retailers and to other companies for use in their products. We must increase the level of awareness and benefits of rice bran products to be used in food and food ingredients in general and our products in particular. We will be required to devote substantial management and financial resources to these marketing and advertising efforts and such efforts may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to adapt to sudden increases in demand for our ingredient products is limited by an adequate supply of feedstock. 
 
 Our ability to manufacture SRB is currently limited to the production capability of our equipment located at our two suppliers rice mills in California, our own plant located adjacent to our supplier in Mermentau, Louisiana and our rice mill in Wynne, Arkansas. At these facilities and our value-added product plant in Dillon, Montana, we currently are capable of producing enough finished products to meet current demand. If demand for our products were to increase dramatically in the future, we would need additional production capacity, which may take time and may expose us to additional long-term operating costs. 
 
 Adverse economic, weather, or other conditions may impact the price and supply of our feedstocks. 
 
 If economic or weather conditions, for example drought conditions in California or flooding in Arkansas and Louisiana, adversely affect the amount of rice planted or harvested, the cost of rice bran products that we use may increase. Drought or excessive moisture can have similar impacts on the timing and number of acres planted to barley and oats in Minnesota, North Dakota, and Manitoba as well. We are not always able to immediately pass cost increases to our customers. Therefore, cost increases could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We face competition from producers of bran, grains and other alternative ingredients with similar benefits as our rice brans. 
 
 Competition in our targeted industries, including food ingredients, animal feed supplements and companion pet food ingredients is vigorous, with many businesses engaged in the various industries. Many of our competitors have established reputations for successfully developing and marketing their products, including products that incorporate bran from other cereal grains and other alternative ingredients that are widely recognized as providing similar benefits as rice bran. In addition, many of our competitors have greater financial, managerial and technical resources than we do. If we are not successful in competing in these markets, we may not be able to attain our business objectives. 

10

Table of Contents 

We are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints both domestically and abroad and our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and constraints could lead to the imposition of significant penalties or claims, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 In both the U.S. and foreign markets, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale and storage of our products are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations and other constraints may exist at the federal, state or local levels in the United States and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), state and local authorities and foreign governmental agencies. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may negatively impact the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of sales revenues. Our failure to comply with these current and new regulations could lead to the imposition of significant penalties or claims, limit the production or marketing of any non-compliant products or advertising and could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our warehousing and manufacturing facilities are subject to risks that may negatively affect our business and operations. 
 
 Our ability to make, store, and move our products is important to our success. Disruption to our manufacturing capabilities or to our storage capabilities, due to damage to our facilities or equipment, inability or delay in replacing parts or equipment, weather, natural disaster, fire, terrorism, pandemic, or other factors, could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. If we fail to mitigate the possible impact of such events, or effectively manage them if they occur, they could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such events could also require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 
 
 Our facilities are subject to laws and regulations administered by the FDA, USDA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and other federal, state, and local governmental agencies relating to the production, storage, distribution, quality, and safety of food products and the health and safety of our employees. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits, administrative penalties, and civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, and recalls of our products. Changes in such laws or regulations that impose additional requirements on us could increase the cost of operating our facilities, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls. 
 
 We sell food and nutritional products for animal and human consumption, which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage, product tampering and other adulteration of food products. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. We maintain a product liability policy for 5.0 million per year in the aggregate. In addition, we may voluntarily recall products in the event of contamination or damage. A significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful, there may be negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury which could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers. 
 
 Many of the risks of our business have only limited insurance coverage and many of our business risks are uninsurable. 
 
 Our business operations are subject to potential product liability, environmental, fire, employee, manufacturing, shipping and other risks. Although we have insurance to cover some of these risks, the amount of this insurance is limited and includes numerous exceptions and limitations to coverage. In the event we were to suffer a significant uninsured claim, our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, enforce and protect our licenses and other intellectual property rights for our products and technology. 
 
 Our success is dependent upon our ability to protect and enforce the trade secrets and trademarks that we have and to develop and obtain new patents and trademarks for future processes, machinery, compounds and products that we develop. The process of seeking patent protection may be long and expensive, and patents might not be issued or not be broad enough in scope. We may not be able to protect our technology adequately, and our competition may be able to develop similar technology that does not infringe or encroach upon any of our rights. 

11

Table of Contents 

There currently are no claims or lawsuits pending or threatened against us regarding possible infringement claims, but infringement claims by third parties, or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims, could be asserted in the future or that such assertions, if proven to be accurate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the future, litigation may be necessary to protect our trade secrets or know-how or to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of our efforts and other resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Adverse determinations in any litigation could result in the loss of our proprietary rights, subjecting us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties or prevent us from manufacturing or selling our systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. A license under a third party s intellectual property rights might not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all. 
 
 We are dependent on key employees. 
 
 Our success depends upon the efforts of our top management team and certain other key employees, including the efforts of our executive chairman, chief financial officer, and the other members of the senior leadership team. Although we have written employment agreements with these employees, such individuals could die, become disabled, retire, or resign. In addition, our success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain key management persons for positions relating to the marketing and distribution of our products. We may not be able to recruit and employ such executives at times and on terms acceptable to us. Also, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price and changes in our overall compensation program, including our equity incentive program, may adversely affect our ability to retain such key employees. 
 
 Our officers and directors have limited liability and have indemnification rights. 
 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that we may indemnify our officers and directors against losses sustained or liabilities incurred which arise from any transaction in that officer s or director s respective managerial capacity, unless that officer or director violates a duty of loyalty, did not act in good faith, engaged in intentional misconduct or knowingly violated the law, approved an improper dividend or derived an improper benefit from the transaction. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Stock 
 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. The market price of the common stock may continue to fluctuate in response to a number of factors, including: 

fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

fluctuations in the cost of raw rice bran or the other feedstocks for our business; 

developments in our relationships with customers and suppliers; 

our ability to obtain financing; 

announcements of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

announcements of technological innovations or new systems or enhancements used by us or our competitors; 

the loss of services of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees; 

developments in our or our competitors intellectual property rights; 

adverse effects to our operating results due to the impairment of goodwill; 

failure to meet the expectation of securities analysts or the public; 

general economic and market conditions; 

our ability to expand our operations, domestically and internationally; 

the amount and timing of expenditures related to any expansion; 

litigation involving us, our industry or both; 

actual or anticipated changes in expectations by investors or analysts regarding our performance; and 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Our stock price is volatile and in prior years we have been the target of shareholder litigation. Any shareholder litigation brought against us in the future could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business. 

12

Table of Contents 

We have significant equity overhang which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 
 
 As of March 16, 2023, 6,384,334 shares of common stock were outstanding, 2,349,083 shares of common stock were issuable upon exercise of our outstanding stock options and warrants, 14,235 shares of common stock were issuable upon conversion of preferred stock and 682,204 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units. The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold by investors or the perception that such sales could occur, often called equity overhang, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities in the future. The issuance of the additional shares upon an increase in our authorized shares of common stock would significantly increase the amount of our common stock outstanding and the amount of the equity overhang. 
 
 The authorization and issuance of preferred stock may have an adverse effect on the rights of holders of our common stock. 
 
 Our Board, without further action or vote by holders of our common stock, has the right to establish the terms, preference, rights and restrictions and issue shares of preferred stock. Any series of preferred stock could be issued with terms, rights, preferences and restrictions that could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and thereby reduce the value of our common stock. The designation and issuance of preferred stock favorable to current management or shareholders could make it more difficult to gain control of our board of directors or remove our current management and may be used to defeat hostile bids for control which might provide shareholders with premiums for their shares. We have designated and issued five series of preferred stock that no longer remain outstanding. In addition, in February 2017, we designated a seventh series of preferred stock, Series G. As of March 16, 2023, 150 shares of Series G preferred stock remain outstanding. We may issue additional series of preferred stock in the future. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the continuing listing standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market, our securities could be delisted, which could affect the market price of our common stock and reduce our ability to raise capital. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RIBT . For our common stock to continue to be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, we must meet the current NASDAQ Capital Market continued listing requirements, including maintaining a minimum of 2.5 million in shareholders equity and maintaining a minimum common stock bid price of 1.00. If we were unable to meet these requirements, including, but not limited to, requirements to obtain shareholder approval of a transaction other than a public offering involving the sale or issuance equal to 20 or more of our common stock at a price that is less than the market value of our common stock, our common stock could be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements for Nasdaq. If we fail to maintain compliance with any such continued listing requirement, there can also be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with any such continued listing requirement in the future or that our common stock will not be delisted from NASDAQ Capital Market in the future. 
 
 If our securities were to be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market, our securities could continue to trade on the over-the-counter bulletin board following any delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market, or on the Pink Sheets, as the case may be. Any such delisting of our securities could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for our securities, not only in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and less coverage of us by securities analysts, if any. Also, if in the future we were to determine that we need to seek additional equity capital, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the public or private equity markets. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 We must comply with our contractual obligations. 
 
 We have numerous ongoing contractual obligations under various purchase, sale, supply, production and other agreements which govern our business operations. While we seek to always comply with these obligations, we may not be able to comply with the terms of all contracts during all periods of time, especially if there are significant changes in market conditions or our financial condition. If we are unable to comply with our material contractual obligations, there likely would be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

13

Table of Contents 

Compliance with corporate governance and public disclosure regulations may result in additional expenses. 
 
 In order to comply with laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework , and other regulations issued by the SEC, such as Dodd-Frank, we may need to invest substantial resources to comply with these evolving standards, and this investment would result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 
 
 Breaches of our information system security measures could disrupt our internal operations. 
 
 We are dependent upon information technology for the distribution of information internally and to our customers and suppliers. This information technology is subject to theft, damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to malicious computer viruses, security breaches and defects in design. Security breaches may result from employees failure to observe internal control protocols designed to protect the security of our network and the information on it, or solely from external intrusion despite our best efforts to protect our network and the information on it. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information system and network disruptions, but a system failure or breach of these measures could negatively impact our operations and financial results. 
 
 Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. 
 
 Should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as a terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, earthquake, hurricane or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of key personnel, and the proper functioning of computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. Further, we could potentially lose customer data or experience adverse interruptions to our operations in a disaster recovery scenario, which could result in material financial loss, regulatory action, reputational harm or legal liability. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We use and maintain various facilities for manufacturing, warehousing and distribution. These facilities consist of both owned and leased properties. The following table summarizes the properties used to conduct our operations as of December 31, 2022: 

Location 
 
 Status 
 
 Primary Use 

West Sacramento, California 
 
 Leased 
 
 Warehousing 

Mermentau, Louisiana 
 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 

Lake Charles, Louisiana 
 
 Building owned 
 
 Warehousing 

Lake Charles, Louisiana 
 
 Land leased 
 
 Warehousing 

Dillon, Montana 
 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 

Wynne, Arkansas 
 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 

East Grand Forks, Minnesota 
 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 

We believe that all our facilities are in good operating condition and the machinery and equipment is well-maintained. We believe the facilities are suitable for their intended purposes and have capacities adequate for current operations. 
 
 Our wholly owned rice mill in Wynne, Arkansas, (Golden Ridge), carries a mortgage agreement with a lender pursuant to a promissory note, originally date July 2020, and modified in January 2023 (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the promissory note). 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We currently are not a party to any material litigation or other material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

14

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RIBT. Our CUSIP No. is 762831303. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 16, 2023, there were approximately 224 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for the expansion and operation of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near future. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we issued the securities described below without registration under the Securities Act. The description below does not include issuances that were disclosed previously on Current Reports on Form 8-K. Unless otherwise indicated below, the securities were issued pursuant to the private placement exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. All issuances below were made without any public solicitation, to a limited number of sophisticated persons and were acquired for investment purposes only. 
 
 On December 31, 2022, we issued 600 shares of common stock to a service provider, that is not a natural person, as compensation for service provided. The shares were valued at an aggregate of 2,100. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 None 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues were 41.6 million in 2022, an increase of 10.5 million, or 33.7 , compared to 31.1 million in 2021. The increase was due to strong growth from our MGI and Golden Ridge milling operations, as well as growth in core SRB sales, offset in part by lower sales of value-add SRB derivative products. The primary driver of growth for all three of the expanding businesses was higher volumes resulting from improved sales and operations. The decrease in value-add SRB derivative sales stemmed from multiple factors, including increased competition from new market entrants and production issues with our organic products due to poor quality feedstock and the necessity for enzyme changes. 
 
 Gross loss was 0.8 million in 2022, compared to gross profit of 0.4 million in 2021. The 1.2 million decrease in gross profit in the was attributable primarily to lower gross profits from our value-added SRB derivative products and, to a lesser extent, lower margins from core SRB sales, offset in part by a significant reduction in gross loss from our specialty milling facilities. Most notably, Golden Ridge generated its first positive operating cash flows from milling operations in the fourth quarter of 2022 following the implementation of our new operating agreement with Gander Foods, LLC, which commenced October 1, 2022. 
 
 Selling general and administrative (SG A) expenses were 6.6 million in 2022, a decline of 0.5 million, or 6.5 , compared to 7.1 million in 2021. The reduction was achieved despite higher wage rates and insurance premiums, due to reductions in director compensation and efforts to drive other efficiencies. We further reduced SG A by 0.1 million with a sublet of our corporate headquarters. The sublet began in the third quarter of 2022 and ends in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

15

Table of Contents 

We recognized a gain of 0.1 million in 2022 on the involuntary conversion of assets when we finalized our insurance claim for hurricane damage that occurred in August 2020 to our Lake Charles, Louisiana property. In 2021, we recorded a 3.9 million non-cash, non-tax-deductible impairment charge equal to the entire amount of our goodwill (as discussed further in Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 
 
 Operating loss was 7.2 million in 2022, compared to an operating loss of 10.6 million in 2021, as the decline in gross profits were offset by the improvement in SG A, the gain on involuntary conversion and the impact of the 2021 goodwill impairment. 
 
 In 2021, we recognized a 1.8 million gain on extinguishment of our Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program loan (see Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the loan). 
 
 Net loss in 2022 was 7.8 million, or 1.41 per share, compared to a net loss of 8.9 million, or 1.87 per share, in 2021. The 3.3 million decline in operating loss was offset by the 0.2 million change in fair value of derivative liability, the 0.2 million increase in interest and other expense due to higher average outstanding debt, and the impact of the 2021 1.8 million gain on the PPP loan extinguishment. 
 
 Liquidity, Going Concern and Capital Resources 
 
 We had 3.9 million in cash and equivalents as of December 31, 2022, a decline of 1.9 million from 5.8 million on December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities in 2022 was 3.9 million compared to 4.2 million in 2021, driven principally by an increase in net losses. Cash used in investing activities in 2022 was 0.5 million, which consisted of 0.6 million in capital expenditures offset by 0.1 million in insurance proceeds. Cash from financing activities in the 2022 was 2.5 million, which included 1.3 million from the sale of common stock and warrants, net of cash offering costs, and a 0.9 million over-advance on our factoring facility (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the over-advance). 
 
 Management believes that despite the multi-year history of operating losses and negative operating cash flows from continuing operations, there is no substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these financial statements included in this Annual Report are issued. Factors alleviating this concern include 3.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, the recent improvement in profitability of our milling business, and our ability to procure additional capital if needed through a variety of sources, most notably through the disposition, or borrowing against, of one of our owned facilities. 
 
 On March 30, 2020, we entered into a sales agreement with respect to an at-the-market (ATM) offering program, under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 6.0 million, which we currently have 2.8 million remaining. Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement related to a September 2021 offering, we are prohibited from entering into an agreement to effect any at-the-market issuance until September 13, 2023. Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement related to the October offerings, we are generally prohibited from entering into an agreement to effect an offering of our common stock or common stock equivalents until May 20, 2023, or a variable rate transaction, as defined in the agreement, until October 20, 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in U.S. Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by the application of our accounting policies. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Critical accounting estimates are those that require application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. While we apply our judgment based on assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could vary from these assumptions. It is possible that materially different amounts would be reported using different assumptions. The following is a description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies. 
 
 Inventories We state inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We employ a full absorption procedure using standard cost techniques for most of our operations. The standards are customarily reviewed and adjusted so that they are materially consistent with actual purchase and production costs. We make provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory based upon our analysis of inventory levels, historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts. We write-off inventory determined to be obsolete immediately. 
 
 Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. We compute depreciation on the straight-line basis and recognize it over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We expense maintenance and repairs as incurred and capitalize renewals and betterments. We include gains or losses on the sale of property and equipment in net income (loss). 

16

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets We review our long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and right-of-use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We recognize an impairment loss when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are not sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. The impairment loss is the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. We determine the estimated fair value based on either the discounted future cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods with the amount of any such deficiency charged to operations in the current year. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors, including current operating results, expected market trends and competitive influences. We report assets to be disposed of by sale at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. 
 
 Intangible Assets We amortize recognized intangible assets over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets are finite lived. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances may indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset s useful life is determined to be finite, but the precise length of that life is not known, the intangible asset is amortized over our best estimate of the asset s useful life in a manner that reflects the pattern in which the asset s economic benefits are consumed or expected to be realized. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We recognized an impairment loss when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are not sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense, an impairment loss, or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors, including current cash flows, expected market trends and competitive influences. 
 
 Revenue Recognition We account for a contract with a customer when the written contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation, to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer, which is upon delivery to the customer, or its designee at our location, a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts, control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Amounts invoiced to customers for shipping and handling are reported as revenues and the related costs incurred to deliver product to the customer are reported as cost of goods sold. 
 
 We measure revenue as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for fulfilling product orders. Incidental items that are immaterial in the context of the contract are recognized as expense. Our contracts do not include a significant financing component. Our contracts may include terms that could cause variability in the transaction price, including, for example, rebates and volume discounts, or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration, including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, we estimate the amount to which we expect to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method. Changes in judgments and estimates regarding probability of collection and variable consideration might result in a change in the timing or amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of RiceBran Technologies 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RiceBran Technologies and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

17

Table of Contents 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairment 
 
 As described in Notes 6 and 7 to the financial statements, the Company s net consolidated property and equipment and intangible assets balances were 14,207,000 and 380,000, respectively, at December 31, 2022. As further described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company reviews long-lived assets, including property and equipment and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the caring amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Based on events occurring during the year ended December 31, 2022, management performed an impairment assessment to test long-lived assets for impairment. The results of this assessment indicated that estimated undiscounted future cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the assets. The Company s impairment assessment required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to a number of factors, including forecasts of revenue growth rates and cash flows. 
 
 We identified the long-lived asset impairment assessment as a critical audit matter because changes in certain significant assumptions management used in the impairment analysis, including revenue growth rates and operating margins could have a significant impact on the analysis. Auditing these assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity and increased audit effort. 

18

Table of Contents 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s long-lived asset impairment assessment included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the development of forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins 

We tested the reasonableness of management s process for determining the forecasts of revenue growth rates and operating margins 

We tested the reasonableness of management s assumptions of revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing management s prior forecast to historical results for the Company comparing the projections for consistency to the Company s strategic plans and initiatives and comparing the projections to industry forecasts 

We evaluated whether the estimates of revenue growth rates and cash flows were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 16, 2023 

19

Table of Contents 

RiceBran Technologies 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 27 and 18 
 Inventories 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Commodities payable 
 Accrued salary, wages and benefits 
 Accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 Due under bank line of credit 
 Due under factoring agreement 
 Due under insurance premium finance agreements 
 Finance lease liabilities, current portion 
 Long-term debt, current portion 
 Total current liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 
 Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 Derivative warrant liability 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 Shareholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock, 20,000,000 shares authorized: Series G, convertible, 3,000 shares authorized, stated value 150 , 150 shares, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value, 15,000,000 shares authorized, 6,309,509 shares and 5,158,967 shares, issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total shareholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

20

Table of Contents 

RiceBran Technologies 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 

Loss (gain) on involuntary conversion of property and equipment 

() 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP Loan 

Other income 

Other expense 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Loss per common share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

4,773,895 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

21

Table of Contents 

RiceBran Technologies 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Shares 
 Preferred Common Accumulated 
 Series G Common Stock Stock Deficit Equity 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Sales of common stock, net of costs 
 Common stock awards under equity incentive plans 
 Exercise of common stock warrants 
 Common stock issued to vendors 
 Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 
 Net loss - - 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Sales of common stock and common stock warrants, net of costs 
 Common stock awards under equity incentive plans 
 Exercise of common stock warrant 
 Common stock issued to vendors 
 Stock units issued to vendors 
 Other - - - - 
 Net loss - - 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

22

Table of Contents 

RiceBran Technologies 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Stock and share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

() 

() 

Impairment of goodwill 

Loss (gain) on disposition and involuntary conversion of property and equipment 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loan 

() 

Provision for bad debts 

Accretion of interest 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Commodities payable 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from insurance on involuntary conversion 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances on factoring agreement 

Payments on factoring agreement 

() 

() 

Advances on bank line of credit 

Payments on bank line of credit 

() 

Advances on insurance premium finance agreements 

Payments on insurance premium finance agreements 

() 

() 

Advances on long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Payments of long-term debt and finance lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuances of common stock and warrants, net of cash issuance costs 

Proceeds from common stock warrant exercises 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

23

Table of Contents 

RiceBran Technologies 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Improving Operating Cash Flows - We expect an improvement in operating cash flows in 2023 due to the full year impact of two 2022 events: (i) effective October 1, 2022, we transitioned sourcing and selling activities for our Arkansas mill (Golden Ridge) to Gander Foods, LLC, a service provider with local expertise, and (ii) we made major capital investments in capacity expansion at our Minnesota mill (MGI) during 2022. Golden Ridge has been a significant source of operating losses for us since its acquisition in 2018, however it made its first positive quarterly contribution to operating cash flows in the fourth quarter of 2022 as a result of the transition to the service provider. MGI, which has been consistently profitable since its acquisition in 2019, saw a significant increase in sales and profit contribution in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the additional capacity coming online in the third quarter of 2022. The transition of Golden Ridge to positive operating cash flows and expansion in MGI s contribution to operating cash flows, together with (i) the steps we have taken to lower our run rate for selling and general administrative expenses and (ii) recovery of our SRB derivatives business, should provide us with a pathway to improved operating cash flows in 2023. 
 
 Access to Equity Funding - We could raise additional capital from offerings of equity, including common equity and equivalents once the restrictions discussed in Note 10 lapse in September 2023. We successfully completed equity raises in both 2022 and 2021 as further described in Note 10. 
 
 Ability to Leverage and/or Sell Real Property - We have been able to supplement liquidity by borrowing against our real property located in Wynne, Arkansas. We also own our facilities in Mermentau, Louisiana, Dillon, Montana, and North Grand Forks, Minnesota, with no existing liens. We could sell or mortgage these facilities to provide additional liquidity. 
 
 Strategic Review Process - In light of our challenges in achieving our operating and financial targets in 2022, we are currently undergoing a strategic review of all the possible alternatives to generate improved returns to our shareholders. 

locations: facilities located within supplier-owned rice mills in California; and company-owned facility in the Louisiana and Arkansas delta region. We produce SRB derivatives at our Dillon, Montana, facility and we operate two specialty milling facilities, a rice mill in Arkansas, Golden Ridge, and a barley and oats mill in Minnesota, MGI. 
 
 reporting unit and one operating segment, as defined in applicable accounting guidance, specialty ingredients. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We recognized deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. When necessary, we establish a valuation allowance to reduce that deferred tax asset if it is more likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by, among other things, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the length of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction, and tax planning alternatives that may be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that may be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities may result in income tax benefits being recognized in the period when it is determined that the liabilities are no longer necessary. 
 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund with net assets invested in U.S. Dollar denominated money market securities of domestic and foreign issuers, U.S. Government securities and repurchase agreements. We consider all liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 
 
 We have cash on deposit in excess of federally insured limits at a bank. We do not believe that maintaining substantially all such assets with the bank or investing in a liquid mutual fund represent material risks. 

million, or less, in unearned revenue as of the end of the prior year. 

Our accounts receivable potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk. Revenues and accounts receivable from significant customers (customers with revenue or accounts receivable in excess of 10 of consolidated totals) are stated below as a percent of consolidated totals. 

of revenue, 2021 
 
 of accounts receivable, as of December 31, 2022 
 of accounts receivable, as of December 31, 2021 

The following table presents revenues by geographic area shipped to (in thousands). 

Other countries 
 Revenues 

Raw materials 
 Packaging 
 Inventories 

Furniture and fixtures 5 - 10 
 Plant 20 - 40 or life of lease 
 Computer and software 3 - 5 
 Leasehold improvements 4 - 15 or life of lease 
 Machinery and equipment 5 - 15 
 Property and equipment, cost 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Property and equipment, net 

Amounts payable for property and equipment included in accounts payable totaled million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. Assets which had not yet been placed in service, included in property and equipment, totaled million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 

Trademarks 
 Non-compete agreement 
 Total intangible assets 

The customer relationship intangible is amortizing over the -year period of expected future economic benefit, in proportion to the discounted expected future cash flows used to estimate the value of the intangible at acquisition in 2019. It is amortizing at a more rapid rate in the earlier periods than in later periods. Other finite-lived intangible assets are amortizing on a straight-line basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining amortization period for intangibles other than goodwill is years and future intangible amortization is expected to total the following (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total amortization 

We performed our annual impairment testing of goodwill as of December 31, 2021. We estimated the fair value of our company by a discounted cash flow method, reconciled to our market capitalization. We determined the fair value of our equity, based on our market capitalization, was substantially below our carrying value. As a result, in 2021, we recorded a non-cash, non-tax-deductible impairment charge equal to the entire amount of our goodwill, million. 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 Operating lease cost, included in selling, general and administrative expenses: 
 Fixed leases cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Total lease cost 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 

As of December 31, 2022, variable lease payments do not depend on a rate or index. As of December 31, 2022, property and equipment, net, includes million of finance lease right-of-use-assets, with an original cost of million. During 2022, we financed the purchase of million of property and equipment in noncash finance lease transactions. During 2021, we financed the purchase of million of property and equipment in noncash finance lease transactions. 

As of December 31, 2022, we do not believe it is certain that we will exercise any lease renewal options. The remaining terms of our leases and the discount rates used in the calculation of the fair value of our leases as of December 31, 2022, follows. 
 
 - 10.2 - 4.8 
 Weighted average remaining lease terms (in years) 5.5 4.0 
 Discount rates 6.3 - 9.0 - 10.4 
 Weighted average discount rate 7.8 8.2 

As of December 31, 2022, operating leases have maturities extending through 2032. Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022, follows (in thousands). 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Amounts representing interest 
 Present value of lease obligations 

per year. 
 
 We also borrow under a factoring agreement with a lender (the Lender), which provides a million credit facility. We may only borrow to the extent we have qualifying accounts receivable to use as collateral as defined in the agreement. The facility had an initial two -year term and automatically renews for successive annual periods until delivery of a proper termination notice. The facility term automatically extended to October 2023. We incur recurring fees under the agreement, including a funding fee of above the prime rate, in no event to be less than , on any advances, as well as a service fee on average net funds borrowed. The lender has a security interest in our personal property assets and the right to demand repayment of the advances at any time. 
 
 The Lender advanced us million effective September 30, 2022 the Over-advance), pending restructuring of our mortgage promissory note with the Lender. The Over-advance accrued interest at an annual rate which is the greater of above the Lender's prime rate at December 31 2022). and until it was repaid in January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Over-advance is classified as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet as it was refinanced on a long-term basis in January 2023, as discussed below. 
 
 Additional information related to our factoring obligation (exclusive of the Over-advance) follows. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands) 
 Fees paid, as a percentage of average outstanding borrowings 
 Interest paid, as a percentage of average outstanding borrowings 

Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands). 

Progress payment agreement - Dated August 2022. Original principal 37 . Interest is payable monthly at the rate of 25.2 per year. Due on demand, until a finance lease is executed with the lender before that date for the related equipment. 
 Equipment note - Dated May 2021. Original principal 46 . Due in monthly installments through June 2025 . Interest accrues at the effective discount rate of 3.6 per year. 
 Equipment note - Dated December 2019. Original principal 40 . Due in monthly installments through December 2024 . Interest accrues at the effective discount rate of 9.3 per year. 
 Other 
 Total long-term debt, net 

In December 2021, we entered into agreements with the Lender to effect a modification of the terms of our mortgage promissory note. This modification involved entering into a new mortgage promissory note in the principal amount of million, with terms as indicated in the table above. We received million in cash from the lender and the lender applied the remainder of the principal to the million principal and interest then outstanding under our old promissory note. We recognized no gain or loss with the modification. At modification, the carrying amount of the new note equaled the total of (i) the million carrying amount of the old note prior to modification (ii) the million advanced by the lender at modification and (iii) the debt issuance costs associated with the modification. Under the terms of the original note, (i) interest accrued at an annual rate which was the greater of above the 1ender s prime rate and and (ii) principal and interest were payable in monthly installments through May 2022 and a final payment of million was due in June 2022. This December 2021 note was replaced with a new note in January 2023. 
 
 In January 2023, we entered into agreements with the Lender to effect a modification of the terms of the December 2021 note. This modification involved us entering into a new mortgage promissory note in the principal amount of million. We received million in cash and the Lender applied the remainder of the new principal to the million then outstanding on the December 2021 term note and the million Over-advance on the factoring agreement. Under the terms of the January 2023 note, (i) interest accrues at an annual rate which is the greater of above the 1ender s prime rate and and (ii) principal and interest are payable in equal monthly installments through January 2025. The new note is secured by a mortgage on our real property in Arkansas. The current portion of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, reflects the terms of the January 2023 modification. 
 
 Future principal maturities of long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022, reflecting the January 2023 modification of the mortgage promissory note, follow (in thousands). 

2024 
 2025 
 Principal maturities 
 Debt issuance costs 
 Total long-term debt, net 

shares remain outstanding. In addition, we designated and issued a seventh series of preferred stock, Series G, of which shares remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

The Series G preferred stock is non-voting and may be converted into shares of our common stock at the holders election at any time, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, at a ratio of 1 preferred share for shares of common stock. The Series G preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock, in which case the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G preferred stock. If we are liquidated or dissolved, the holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled to receive, before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock, an amount per share of preferred stock equal to , plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. 
 
 Securities Offerings 
 
 In October 2022, we issued and sold shares of our common stock and a prefunded warrant (the 2022 Prefunded Warrant) exercisable into shares of our common stock pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S- 3. The holder exercised the 2022 Prefunded Warrant with an exercise price of per share (net of the per share prefunded) in full in 2022. In a concurrent private placement, we issued and sold warrants for the purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, which are exercisable in April 2023, and expire in October 2025. The net proceeds from the concurrent offerings of million, after deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses of million, were allocated to equity. As of December 31, 2022, million of these offering costs were unpaid. We determined the exercise price of the 2022 Prefunded Warrant was nominal and, as such, we will consider the shares underlying that warrant to be outstanding effective October 20, 2022, for the purposes of calculating basic earnings (loss) per share (EPS). We intend to use the net proceeds from the October 2022 offerings for general corporate purposes, which may include funding capital expenditures, working capital and repaying indebtedness. In addition, we issued warrants for the purchase of up to shares of our common stock to the placement agent at an exercise price of per share which expire in October 2027. 
 
 In September 2021, we issued and sold shares of common stock, a warrant for the purchase of up to shares of common stock (Warrant A), and a prefunded warrant (the 2021 Prefunded Warrant) for the purchase of up to shares of common stock pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S- 3. The initial per share exercise price of Warrant A was subject to adjustment in September 2022, and will be subject to adjustment again in September 2023, if of the 5 -day volume weighted average price of our common stock is less than the then-current exercise price. The 2021 Prefunded Warrant, which the holder exercised in full in 2021, had an exercise price of (net of the per share prefunded). We determined that the 2021 Prefunded Warrant qualified for equity accounting, however, Warrant A did not qualify for equity accounting because the holder may elect cash settlement of this warrant in the event of a change of control. As a result, we carry Warrant A as a liability at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets and the change in fair value of this warrant is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. The net proceeds from the offering of million, after deducting commissions and other cash offering expenses of million were allocated to derivative warrant liability, in an amount equal to the million estimated fair value of Warrant A as of September 13, 2021, with the remainder of the proceeds recorded in equity. We determined the exercise price of the Prefunded Warrant was nominal and, as such, considered the 230,786 shares initially underlying the 2021 Prefunded Warrant to be outstanding effective September 13, 2021, for the purposes of calculating basic EPS. We used the net proceeds from the September 2021 offering for general corporate purposes, which included funding capital expenditures and working capital and repaying indebtedness. 
 
 On March 30, 2020, we entered into an at market issuance (ATM) sales agreement with respect to an at-the-market offering program through B. Riley FBR, Inc, as sales agent. The issuances and sales of our common stock under the ATM sales agreement are made pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S- 3. During 2021, we issued and sold shares of common stock under an at market issuance sales agreement, at an average price of per share. Proceeds from those 2021 sales of million are recorded in equity, net of million of stock issuance costs. 
 
 Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement related to the September 2021 offering, we are prohibited from entering into an agreement to effect any ATM issuance until September 13, 2023. Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement related to the October offerings, we are generally prohibited from entering into an agreement to effect an offering of our common stock or common stock equivalents until May 20, 2023, or a variable rate transaction, as defined in the agreement, until October 20, 2023. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Our board of directors adopted our Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan) after shareholders approved the plan, and amendments thereto. On July 14, 2022, shareholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan of shares. The total shares of common stock now authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan is shares. Under the terms of the plan, we may grant stock options, shares of common stock and share-based awards to officers, directors, employees or consultants providing services on such terms as are determined by the board of directors. Our board of directors administers the plan, determines vesting schedules on plan awards and may accelerate the vesting schedules for award recipients. The stock options granted under the 2014 Plan have terms of up to years and vesting periods of up to 4 years. The restricted stock units granted under the plan vest over periods of up to 5 years. As of December 31, 2022, awards for the purchase of shares of common stock have been granted and remain outstanding (common stock options, common stock and restricted stock units) and shares of common stock are reserved for future grants under the 2014 Plan. 
 
 Share-based compensation expenses related to employees and directors are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Share-based compensation by type of award follows (in thousands). 

Stock options 
 Common stock 
 Compensation expense related to common stock awards issued under equity incentive plan 

Information regarding common stock issued under the 2014 Plan, including shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock units follows. All shares of common stock issued in 2022 or 2021 were vested as of the date issued. 

Employees 
 Consultant 

In the period from January1, 2023 to March 16, 2023, we issued shares of common stock upon the vesting of restricted stock units. 

Restricted Stock Units 
 
 We have outstanding (i) restricted stock units issued under the 2014 Plan (RSUs) to employees and directors and (ii) other restricted stock units issued to a service provider (SUs). Each RSU and SU represents a contingent right to receive one share of common stock. Summaries of nonvested and vested stock unit and activity follow. 
 
 - - 
 Granted - 
 Forfeited - 
 Vested with service - - - - - 
 Expensed - NA - - - - 
 Nonvested at December 31, 2021 - 
 Granted 
 Impact of Modification: - - - - 
 Before modification - 
 After modification - - 
 Forfeited - 
 Vested with Service - - - - - 
 Expensed - NA - - NA - 
 Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Vested with service 
 Issued at vesting 
 Vested at December 31, 2021 
 Vested with service 
 Issued at vesting 
 Issued at termination of service 
 Vested at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, unvested RSUs had an intrinsic value of million. unvested SUs had an intrinsic value of million, and vested RSUs had an intrinsic value of million. As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of all RSUs and SUs outstanding was million, unrecognized compensation was million and the remaining vesting period was years. At December 31, 2022, issuance of shares of common stock subject to the unvested RSUs and shares of common stock subject to the vested RSUs, is deferred to the date the holder is no longer providing service to our company. 
 
 We issued SUs to a service provider in 2022, which the service provider elected to purchase with a million cash signing fee. The SUs vest in three annual installments ending in September 2025 and we are expensing the fair value of the SUs over three years. The service provider may also earn performance-based cash compensation beginning October 1, 2022, if certain performance criteria are met. The performance compensation will be paid quarterly in an amount of cash which may then be used to purchase, at the election of the service provider, a number of fully vested SUs equal to (a) the performance compensation, divided by (b) the volume weighted average closing price of our common stock over the 90 consecutive trading days ending on the last day of the applicable performance period. The aggregate number of SUs purchased by the service provider, including the initial 160,000 SUs issued in 2022 may not exceed . 
 
 In 2022, we modified RSUs held by resigning directors and an employee such that the awards vested on the date of their termination of service. Prior to the modification, the resigning directors and employee would have forfeited the unvested RSUs on the date service terminated. As a result of the modifications, we adjusted cumulative expense on the RSUs to equal the fair value of the awards on the modification dates in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, as indicated in the table above. 

Options 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding options for the purchase of up and shares of common stock. We granted no stock options in 2022 and 2021. Stock options for the purchase of up to and shares of common stock forfeited or expired in 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding stock options had an intrinsic value of zero, a weighted average exercise price of per share, a weighted average remaining vesting period of years and a weighted average contractual remaining term of years. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock option compensation cost was thousand. As of December 31, 2022, exercisable options had an intrinsic value of zero. 
 
 Unrecognized Compensation 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of unrecognized compensation for all outstanding common stock awards (options, RSUs and SUs was million, and the remaining average expense period was years (including unrecognized compensation on SUs of million with a remaining average expense period of years.) 
 
 Warrants 
 
 The 2022 Prefunded Warrant was exercised in its entirety in 2022 and we issued shares of common stock upon the cash exercises. The 2021 Prefunded Warrant was cashless exercised in its entirety in 2021 and we issued shares of common stock upon the cashless exercises. The initial per share exercise price of Warrant A adjusted, pursuant to its original terms, to per share in September 2022, and will be subject to adjustment again in September 2023, if of the 5 -day volume weighted average price of our common stock is less than the then-current exercise price. 
 
 Warrant activity, excluding activity related to prefunded warrants follows. 

Issued 
 Impact of Warrant A exercise price adjustment: 
 Before adjustment 
 After adjustment 
 Cash exercised 
 Expired - - 
 Outstanding at December 31 

The following table summarizes information related to exercisable and outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 - 
 1.88 - 
 2.72 
 20.00 

Stock options and warrants 
 Property and equipment 
 Intangible assets 
 Capitalized expenses 
 Other 
 Operating right-of-use lease assets 
 Operating right-of-use lease liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 Less: Valuation allowance 
 Deferred tax asset (liability) 

We have determined it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, we have provided a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 
 
 The following table summarizes the change in the valuation allowance (in thousands): 

Net operating loss and other temporary differences 
 Expiration of net operating losses and limitations 
 Adjustment to deferred taxes 
 Impact of state tax rate change 
 Other 
 Valuation allowance, end of year 

As of December 31, 2022, net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes totaled million. NOLs generated after December 31, 2017, do not expire. Federal NOLs of million expire at various dates from 2023 through 2037 and the remainder do not expire. NOL carryforwards for state tax purposes totaled million at December 31, 2022, and expire at various dates from 2023 through 2042. 
 
 Our ability to utilize previously accumulated NOL carryforwards is subject to substantial annual limitations due to the changes in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) of 1986, as amended, and similar state regulations. Prior to 2020, we experienced several ownership changes as defined in IRC Section 382 (g). In general, the annual limitation is equal to the value of our stock immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term tax-exempt rate for the month in which the ownership change occurred. Any unused annual limitation may generally be carried over to later years until the NOL carryforwards expire. Accordingly, we have reduced our NOL in the table above to reflect these limitations. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. We record liabilities for income tax contingencies based on our best estimate of the underlying exposures. We are open for audit by the IRS for years after 2018 and, generally, by U.S. state tax jurisdictions after 2017. 

Reconciliations between the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to loss before income taxes, and income tax expense (benefit) follows (in thousands): 
 Increase (decrease) resulting from: 
 State tax benefit, net of federal tax effect 
 Effect of change in state tax rate 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Expirations of net operating losses and application of IRC 382 limitation 
 PPP loan forgiveness, nontaxable 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability, nontaxable 
 Other nondeductible expenses 
 Adjustments to deferreds 
 Income tax expense 

Based on an analysis of tax positions taken on income tax returns filed, we determined no material liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions existed as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Although we believe the amounts reflected in our tax returns substantially comply with applicable U.S. federal, state and local tax regulations, the respective taxing authorities may take contrary positions based on their interpretation of the law. A tax position successfully challenged by a taxing authority could result in an adjustment to our provision or benefit for income taxes in the period in which a final determination is made. 

DENOMINATOR: 
 Weighted average number of shares of shares of common stock outstanding 
 Weighted average number of shares of common stock underlying vested restricted stock units 
 Basic EPS - weighted average number of shares outstanding 
 Effect of dilutive securities outstanding - - 
 Diluted EPS - weighted average number of shares outstanding 

No effects of potentially dilutive securities outstanding were included in the calculation of diluted EPS for 2022 and 2021, because to do so would be anti-dilutive due to our net loss. Potentially dilutive securities outstanding during 2022 and 2021 included our outstanding convertible preferred stock, options, warrants and nonvested restricted stock units. Those potentially dilutive securities, further described in Note 10, could potentially dilute EPS in the future. 

million lower than their carrying values, based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level 3 measurements). As of December 31, 2022, the fair values of our long-term debt and finance lease liabilities approximated their carrying values, based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level 3 measurements). 
 
 The following tables summarize the fair values by input hierarchy of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis on our consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 

Total liabilities at fair value 
 
 As of December 31, 2021: 
 Derivative warrant liability 
 Total liabilities at fair value 

The following tables summarize the changes in level 3 items measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

Total Level 3 fair value 
 
 2021: 
 Derivative warrant liability 
 Total Level 3 fair value 

The derivative warrant liability in the tables above relates to Warrant A, discussed further in Note 10. Warrant A is carried in our consolidated balance sheets as derivative warrant liability because the holder may elect cash settlement of the warrant in the event of a change of control. We estimated the fair value of Warrant A using the Black-Scholes. Changes in the estimated fair value of Warrant A are included in other income (loss) in our consolidated statements of operations. The following are the assumptions used in valuing Warrant A. 

Assumed volatility 
 Assumed risk free interest rate 
 Expected life of options (in years) 
 Expected dividends 

The fair value of Warrant A approximates the cash settlement the holder could elect to be paid in the event of a change in control. At December 31, 2022, a increase in our stock price would have resulted in an approximate thousand increase in the Black Scholes fair value of Warrant A. 

million on a Small Business Administration (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan as provided for in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, enacted into U.S. law in March 2020. Under certain conditions, the loan and accrued interest were forgivable, if we used the loan proceeds for maintaining workforce levels. We used the loan proceeds for maintaining workforce levels and the SBA forgave the entire loan and related accrued interest in January 2021. The SBA may audit any PPP loan at its discretion through January 2027, six years after the date the SBA forgave the loan. The SBA may review any or all of the following when auditing a PPP loan: whether the borrower qualified for the PPP loan, whether the PPP loan amount was appropriately calculated and the proceeds used for allowable purposes, and whether the loan forgiveness amount was appropriately determined. The SBA could deem us ineligible for the PPP loan received in 2020 upon audit by the SBA. We believe the SBA s stated intention is to focus its reviews on borrowers with loans greater than 2 million, thereby mitigating our future risk of an audit. The SBA continues to develop and issue new and updated guidance regarding required borrower certifications and requirements for forgiveness of loans made under the program. 
 
 Employment Contracts and Severance Payments 
 
 In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into employment agreements which incorporate indemnification provisions. While the maximum amount to which we may be exposed under such agreements cannot be reasonably estimated, we maintain insurance coverage, which we believe will effectively mitigate our obligations under these indemnification provisions. No amounts have been recorded in our financial statements with respect to any obligations under such agreements. 
 
 We have employment contracts with certain officers and key management that include provisions for potential severance payments in the event of without-cause terminations or terminations under certain circumstances after a change in control. In addition, vesting of outstanding nonvested equity grants would accelerate following a change in control. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of our business. These matters may relate to employment and labor claims, patent and intellectual property claims, claims of alleged non-compliance with contract provisions and claims related to alleged violations of laws and regulations. When applicable, we record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Defense costs are expensed as incurred and are included in professional fees. While the outcome of lawsuits and other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty, in the opinion of management, individually or in the aggregate, no such lawsuits and other proceedings had or are expected to have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 In January 2023, we received million in restitution payments from a former employee. The payments were ordered by a federal court in 2012. 

PART II 
 (continued) 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a and Rule15d-15(e)) under the Exchange Act was performed as of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of our current management, including our current Executive Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Based on this evaluation, our Executive Chairman and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(ii) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(iii) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention, or timely detection, of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of current management, including our current Executive Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (the 2013 Framework). Based on this analysis, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the criteria set forth by the 2013 Framework. 

41

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by Item 10 of Part III is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of Part III is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 The information required by Item 12 of Part III is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of Part III is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of Part III is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 See Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 The Financial Statements are included under Item 8. 

42

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing/Effective Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.01.01 
 
 Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on December 13, 2001 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.3 
 
 April 16, 2002 

3.01.02 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 4, 2003 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-129839 
 
 3.01.1 
 
 November 21, 2005 

3.01.03 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 31, 2003 
 
 10-QSB 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.4 
 
 November 19, 2003 

3.01.04 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on September 29, 2005 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-129839 
 
 3.03 
 
 November 21, 2005 

3.01.05 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 20, 2007 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 14, 2007 

3.01.06 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on June 30, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 5, 2011 

3.01.07 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on July 12, 2013 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 14, 2013 

3.01.08 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 30, 2014 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-196541 
 
 3.01.08 
 
 June 5, 2014 

3.01.09 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 15, 2017 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-217131 
 
 3.1.9 
 
 April 04, 2017 

3.01.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on June 18, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36245 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 12, 2020 

3.01.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 25, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 August, 25, 2022 

3.02 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Rights, Preferences, and Privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on December 13, 2001 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-89790 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 4, 2002 

3.03 
 
 Certificate of Determination, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 4, 2005 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 October 4, 2005 

3.04 
 
 Certificate of Determination, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 10, 2006 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 May 15, 2006 

3.05 
 
 Certificate of Determination, Preferences and Rights of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 17, 2008 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 October 20, 2008 

3.06 
 
 Certificate of Determination, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 7, 2009 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 May 8, 2009 

43

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing/Effective Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.07 
 
 Certificate of Determination, Preferences and Rights of the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 18, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 3.1 
 
 February 23, 2016 

3.08 
 
 Form of Certificate of Determination of Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 9, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 3.1 
 
 February 15, 2017 

3.09.1 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-134957 
 
 3.05 
 
 June 12, 2006 

3.09.2 
 
 Amendment of Bylaws, effective June 19, 2007 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 June 25, 2007 

3.09.3 
 
 Amendment of Bylaws, effective December 4, 2009 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.1 
 
 December 10, 2009 

3.09.4 
 
 Amendment of Bylaws, effective as of February 13, 2017 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-217131 
 
 3.9.4 
 
 April 04, 2017 

3.09.5 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws, effective July 30, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 5, 2019 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Ownership dated October 3, 2012 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-32565 
 
 3.01 
 
 October 10, 2012 

4.01 
 
 Form of Warrant (Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 4.1 
 
 September 13, 2021 

4.02 
 
 Form of Prefunded Warrant (Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 4.2 
 
 September 13, 2021 

4.03 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

X 

4.04 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (Registered Direct Offering and Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 4.1 
 
 October 20, 2022 

4.05 
 
 Form of Private Placement Warrant (Registered Direct Offering and Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 4.2 
 
 October 20, 2022 

4.06 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (Registered Direct Offering and Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 4.3 
 
 October 20, 2022 

10.01 
 
 Employment Agreement with Todd T. Mitchell dated May 28, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.2 
 
 May 5, 2020 

10.02 
 
 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended on June 17, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 17, 2020 

10.03 
 
 Form of Award of Deferred and Restricted Stock Units for 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.3 
 
 July 17, 2020 

10.04 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.72 
 
 March 31, 2015 

44

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing/Effective Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.05 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.73 
 
 March 31, 2015 

10.06 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 3, 2018 

10.07 
 
 Employee Agreement (Offer Letter) with Peter G. Bradley dated August 12, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.21 
 
 February 25, 2021 

10.08 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement with Todd T. Mitchell, effective December 15, 2021 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.08 
 
 March 17, 2022 

10.09 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-32565 
 
 10.2 
 
 May 12, 2011 

10.10 
 
 Form of Award of Contingently Granted Deferred and Restricted Stock Units for 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10-24 
 
 March 17, 2022 

10.11 
 
 Agreement for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit, LLC dated October 28, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 1, 2019 

10.12 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2019 (Public Offering) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 1.1 
 
 December 19, 2019 

10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 9, 2021 (Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 September 13, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated March 7, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.3 
 
 March 13, 2019 

10.15 
 
 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B Riley FBR, Inc 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 30, 2020 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of April 15, 2020 (Paycheck Protection Program) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 April 16, 2002 

10.17 
 
 Mortgage Agreement and Amendment for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit, LLC, dated July 10, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 17, 2020 

10.18 
 
 Mortgage Agreement and Amendment for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit, LLC, dated December 6, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 10, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Mortgage Agreement and Amendment for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit, LLC, dated January 12, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 19, 2023 

10.20 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Registered Direct Offering and Private Placement) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36245 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 20, 2022 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.) 

45

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing/Effective Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification by CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification by CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification by CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 @ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which any Director or any Executive Officer participates. 

@ 
 iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

46

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RICEBRAN TECHNOLOGIES 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter G. Bradley 

Name: Peter G. Bradley 

Title: Director and Executive Chairman 

Power of Attorney 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter G. Bradley, true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him/her in any and all capacities, to sign amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

Principal Executive Officer: 

/s/ Peter G. Bradley 
 
 Director and Executive Chairman 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Peter G. Bradley 

Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: 

/s/ Todd T. Mitchell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Todd T. Mitchell 

Additional Directors: 

/s/ Will T. Black 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Will T. Black 

/s/ David I. Chemerow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

David I. Chemerow 

/s/ Jean M. Heggie 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Jean M. Heggie 

/s/ Brent D. Rosenthal 
 
 Director and Chairman 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Brent D. Rosenthal 

47

<EX-4.03>
 2
 ex_480624.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.03

Exhibit 4.03 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

RiceBran Technologies RBT, we, our, or us has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: our common stock. 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following summary of the terms of our capital stock is based upon our articles of incorporation (as amended, the Articles of Incorporation and our bylaws (as amended, the Bylaws ). The summary is not complete and is qualified by reference to our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws , which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the California Corporations Code for additional information. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 15,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value, and 20,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par value, of which 3,000,000 shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock, 25,000 shares are designated Series B Preferred Stock, 25,000 shares are designated Series C Preferred Stock, 10,000 shares are designated Series D Preferred Stock, 2,743 shares are designated Series E Preferred Stock, 3,000 are designated as Series F Preferred Stock and 3,000 are designated as Series G Preferred Stock. As of March 16, 2023, there were 6,384,334 shares of common stock outstanding and 150 shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding. No other capital stock was outstanding as of March 16, 2023. 

Common Stock 

Subject to any preferential dividend rights granted to the holders of any shares of preferred stock that may be outstanding, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends when, as, and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Pursuant to our Bylaws, shareholders do not have the right to vote cumulatively. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, or redemption rights. The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of shares of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights and rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, without any vote or action by our shareholders. Any preferred stock to be issued could rank prior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation. Our board of directors, without shareholder approval, may issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of RBT. 

Series G Preferred Stock 

We have authorized a total of 3,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock, 150 of which are issued and outstanding as of March 16, 2023. The Series G Preferred Stock is non-voting and may be converted into shares of our common stock at the holders election at any time, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, at a ratio of 1 share of Series G Preferred Stock for 94.8992 shares of common stock. The Series G Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock, in which case the holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G Preferred Stock. If we are liquidated or dissolved, the holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock, an amount per share of Series G Preferred Stock equal to 1,000, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. 

Listing 

Our common stock is listed and principally traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol RIBT. 

Transfer Agent 

American Stock Transfer Trust Company, New York, New York, serves as transfer agent for the shares of common stock. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 

Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations . Our Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for shareholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of shareholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders and specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a shareholder s notice. These provisions might preclude our shareholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of shareholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of shareholders if the proper procedures are not followed. 

Additional Authorized Shares of Capital Stock. The additional shares of authorized common stock and preferred stock available for issuance under our Articles of Incorporation could be issued at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control. 

</EX-4.03>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex_480623.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

RiceBran Technologies 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

 As of March 16, 2023 

Those subsidiaries not listed would not, in the aggregate, constitute a significant subsidiary of RiceBran Technologies, as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulations S-X. 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Golden Ridge Rice Mills, Inc. (1) 

Delaware corporation 

MGI Grain Incorporated (1) 

Delaware corporation 

NutraCea, LLC (1) 

Delaware limited liability company 

RBT PRO, LLC (3) 

Delaware limited liability company 

RBT YOUJI, LLC (4) 

Delaware limited liability company 

RiceX Nutrients, Inc. (2) 

Montana corporation. 

(1) 

wholly owned subsidiary of RiceBran Technologies 

(2) 

wholly owned subsidiary of The RiceX Company 

(3) 

50.0 interest 

(4) 

55.0 interest 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_480625.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-196541, 333-196950, 333-199646, 333-212658, 333-217131, 333-221124, 333-230963, 333-232447 and 333-266194) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-110585, 333-135814, 333-199648 and 333-221781) on Form S-8 of RiceBran Technologies of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of RiceBran Technologies, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RiceBran Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/RSM US LLP 

Houston, Texas 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_480622.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Peter G. Bradley, Director and Executive Chairman of RiceBran Technologies, certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RiceBran Technologies, a California corporation; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report was prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Peter G. Bradley 

 Name: Peter G. Bradley 

 Title: Director and Executive Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_480621.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Todd Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer of RiceBran Technologies, certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RiceBran Technologies, a California corporation; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report was prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Todd T. Mitchell 

 Name: Todd T. Mitchell 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_480620.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF 

 TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) 

In connection with the Annual Report of RiceBran Technologies (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Peter G. Bradley, Executive Chairman of the Company, and Todd T. Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 

By: /s/ Peter G. Bradley 

 Peter G. Bradley 

 Director and Executive Chairman 

By: /s/ Todd T. Mitchell 

 Todd T. Mitchell 

 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ribt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ribt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ribt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ribt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ribt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

