<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1627469_0001599916-23-000056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1883537</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76349</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>396966</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>471907</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>355815</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>540780</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001599916-23-000056.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317123933
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001599916-23-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Photozou Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627469
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55806
		FILM NUMBER:		23741473

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4-30-4F, YOTSUYA, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		401-641-0405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4-30-4F, YOTSUYA, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Photozou Co., Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Exquisite Acquisition, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001599916-23-000056.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 photozou_10k22o.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR THE
FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

4-30-4F, Yotsuya Shinjuku-ku, 
 Tokyo, Japan 
 160-0004 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

 Securities to be registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which 
 registered 

Common Stock, .0001 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ]
 [X] Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

[ ] Yes [X] 

As of May 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting common
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is
an affiliate) was approximately . This was calculated using the par value 0.0001. 

As of March 17, 2023, there were 8,000,000 shares of the Registrant's common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

- 1 - 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PHOTOZOU
HOLDINGS, INC. 

PART I 

PAGE 
 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 4 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 4 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 4 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 5 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 6 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 6 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 6 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F1-F8 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 7 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 7 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 7 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 8 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 9 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 10 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 10 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 10 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 11 

Signatures 
 
 11 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate History 

Photozou Holdings, Inc., Photozou Holdings, 
or the Company ), was incorporated in the State of Delaware on September 29, 2014, with the purposes to engage
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware (the DGCL ). 

The Company was formed by Thomas DeNunzio, our former
sole officer and director, for the purpose of creating a corporation which could be used to consummate a merger or acquisition. 

On January 13, 2017, Thomas DeNunzio sold 8,000,000
shares of our restricted common stock, which represented all of our issued and outstanding shares at the time, to Photozou Co.,
Ltd., a Japan corporation. 

The shares were sold for an aggregate purchase
price of 100,000. Photozou Co., Ltd. is and was controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, a Japanese citizen. The aforementioned shares were
sold pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S ). No directed selling efforts were
made in the United States. 

On January 13, 2017, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned
as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On January 13, 2017, Mr. Koichi Ishizuka was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On January 18, 2017, we changed our name from Exquisite
Acquisition, Inc. to Photozou Holdings, Inc. 

Pursuant to our Registration Statement deemed effective
on June 20, 2017, we, the Company, sold a total of 3,037,300 shares of our common stock. The proceeds totaled 75,933. These
shares were sold pursuant to Rule 419. 

On May 8, 2018, the Company conducted a stock cancellation
of the above 3,037,300 shares and the total funds of 75,933 were returned to investors. The cancellation of the shares and return of
funds was due to the fact that we did not make an acquisition in the allotted time granted by Rule 419. 

On May 31, 2018, the Company entered into and consummated
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Koichi Ishizuka, our President, CEO, and Director. At the closing of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Koichi
Ishizuka transferred to the Company, 10,000 shares of common stock of Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation Photozou
Koukoku ), which represented all of its issued and outstanding shares, in consideration of 1,000,000 JPY 9,190 USD as of the exchange
rate May 31, 2018). The Company has since gained a 100 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of Photozou Koukoku s common
stock and Photozou Koukoku became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company and Photozou Koukoku were under common control
at the time of the acquisition. 

Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. was incorporated under
the laws of Japan on March 14, 2017. Currently, Photozou Koukoku is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. The Company s primary business
is focused on online advertising, photo session services, and the sale of used cameras. 

On September 21, 2020 Photozou Co., Ltd our principal controlling shareholder, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Koichi Ishizuka,
our Sole Officer and Director. Pursuant to the closing of the Agreement on September 21, 2020, Photozou Co., Ltd. transferred to Koichi
Ishizuka 4,553,200 shares of our common stock, which represented, at the time, approximately 56.9 of our issued and outstanding common
stock, in consideration of JPY 6,657,917 (approximately 60,500). Following the closing of the share purchase transaction, Koichi Ishizuka
owns approximately 66.7 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Photozou Co., Ltd. was and remains owned and
controlled entirely by Koichi Ishizuka, we do not believe that this transaction is deemed to be a change in control of the Company. 

Overview 

Our principal executive offices are located at 4-30-4F,
Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 160-0004, Japan. 

The Company has elected November 30 th as
its fiscal year end. 

Currently, we operate through our wholly owned subsidiary,
Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd., Photozou Koukoku , which is engaged in advertising services, photo session services, and selling
used cameras. 

Photozou Koukoku was incorporated under the laws of
Japan on March 14, 2017. 

Currently, Photozou Koukoku is headquartered at 4-30-4F,
Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 160-0004, Japan. Photozou Koukoku s office space is provided rent free by our Chief Executive Officer,
Koichi Ishizuka. 

Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. s business operations are primarily focused around the sale of used cameras sold through Amazon USA,
photo session services held in Tokyo and Kansai, and online advertising through various channels. On April 17, 2017, Photozou Koukoku
obtained a license to operate as a used goods merchant in Japan. 

Background of Operations - Sale of Cameras 

Photozou Koukoku resells used cameras as its primary
business, which include mainly high-class digital single lens reflex cameras produced by well-known Japanese camera makers, e.g. Canon,
Nikon, Fujifilm, etc. 

The camera industry in Japan is a multi-billion-dollar
industry and cameras made in Japan have worldwide appeal and recognition. This is due to the fact that common household name camera manufacturers
such as Canon, Nikon, Sony and several others, are headquartered in Japan and sell high end, digital cameras, generally associated with
high quality. 

The Company believes that due to the high quality
of cameras created by Japanese camera makers that these will be the most appealing products to offer to the USA and Japanese market. 

However, should market trends shift and the demand
for cameras of other companies see a surge in popularity then Photozou Koukoku may consider the possibility of acquiring and reselling
cameras by other manufacturers. It may also consider the possibility of selling electronics that serve other purposes other than taking
photographs, but have a camera embedded in them, such as camera phones. At this time however, the focus is to sell used high-class digital
single lens reflex cameras. 

Purchasing 

Photozou Koukoku primarily purchases used cameras from used camera dealers and individual consumers in Japan. Photozou Koukoku s
supporting website at http://photozou.jp/kaitori/top/ can be used by interested parties to access pertinent information relating to selling
their cameras. For example, there is a section of the website which discloses a price list by product. Through the website they can also
request an estimate, review Photozou Koukoku s procedure for purchasing cameras and fill out an application to sell their camera.
Currently, Photozou Koukoku has hired, as an independent contractor, Mr. Takaharu Ogami to handle the entirety of all purchasing and selling
activities of Photozou Koukoku s camera business. Relating to his services to Photozou Koukoku, Mr. Takaharu is paid a monthly fee
in amount of JPY 450,000 3,469). Mr. Ogami is responsible for the sale and shipping of the cameras at the expense of Photozou Koukoku.
Photozou Koukoku is the legal owner of the camera(s) until the point of sale to the purchaser or purchaser(s). 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents 

Inventory 

The Company consigns its operations regarding the
sale of cameras to Mr. Ogami. Inventory, however, remains under legal ownership of the Company. 

As of November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company held inventory comprised solely of used cameras in the amount of 58,780 and 99,797, respectively.
The aforementioned amounts were presented net of allowance for inventory obsolescence as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 totaling 11,900
and 0, respectively. 

Selling 

Photozou Koukoku sells its used cameras through Amazon. Cameras are then shipped to the purchaser for a fee that is determined
at the time of sale, and may differ on a case-by-case basis depending on the type of camera and method of delivery. 

Advertising Services 

At present, Photozou Koukoku conducts a single type
of advertising service. The Company utilizes web advertising services specifically geared toward advertisements that are placed on what
is known as The Photozou-Social Networking Service. The aforementioned is a social networking website, primarily for photo
sharing. Its web address can be found here: http://photozou.jp/?lang=en. The online social networking website is owned entirely by Photozou
Co., Ltd., a Japan Corporation, which our CEO and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, also owns and controls in its entirety. 

Herein, we may refer to the aforementioned social
networking website as the Photozou-SNS , SNS , the website or the social networking site. 

Photozou Koukoku develops banner ads for third party
companies and subsequently assists those clients with having those advertisements placed on the Photozou-SNS. Fees are determined on a
case-by-case basis and vary depending on whether or not Photozou Co., Ltd contracts Photozou Koukoku to work with a pre-existing client,
or if Photozou Koukoku obtains the client on its own accord. 

It is possible that the Company will expand into offering
additional online advertising services and will create advertisements in forms other than banner ads, but no such plans have been fully
developed at this point in time. 

The Company has suspended its involvement with online photo contests indefinitely,
a service the Company was previously engaged in. This decision came about as a result of the closure of the photo magazine Photo
Technic Digital , which was our collaborative partner in regard to photo contests, social networking and magazine collaboration.
We are of the understanding that the closure of Photo Technic Digital was the result of impacts the magazine suffered resulting from the
Covid-19 pandemic. 

Photo session services 

Starting in April 2021, Photozou Koukoku began providing commercial photo session services to customers. The customers sign up for a photo
session and Photozou Koukoku organizes the session in which customers can take photos of models provided by Photozou Koukoku for the customer.
The rights to any images or video taken by the customer are retained by the Company, models, and model s office, not the customer.
The photo sessions are intended to be a skill building activity as the Company believes many customers in Japan are interested in improving
their photographic skills. Photographers shall not publish images or videos taken at the photo sessions without the consent of both the
Company and the model whose pictures are taken. These photo sessions are held every weekend in Osaka and Tokyo since April, 2021 and February,
2022, respectively. 

Approximately, 23 models are associated with the
photo session services provided in Osaka (https://www.primavera-photo-session.com/). Approximately, 11 models are part of Photozou
Koukoku photo sessions conducted in Tokyo (https://www.pps-tokyo.jp/). It is our intention to increase the number of models
available for photo sessions, through the assistance of a third-party company, Blossom Report Co., Ltd., with whom we have entered
into a monthly contract in which we pay 50,000 JPY 385) per month for introduction(s) to models as well as their assistance with
contacting and interviewing prospective models. 

Customers pay an all-inclusive fee directly to Photozou
Koukoku, who in turn pays any associated costs or other expenses, including the amounts paid to the models. 

Promotional activity 

Our CEO, Koichi Ishizuka, has verbally consented that
we may utilize the SNS to promote and advertise our own services. 

We believe there to be a clear synergy between the operations of Photozou Koukoku and the Photozou-SNS, as Photozou-SNS is a website where
users can upload and share pictures taken with their cameras. It is our belief that many individuals who are sharing, browsing, and evaluating
photographs online will have an interest in purchasing cameras for personal use and potentially to upload more photos on the website. 

Concentrations 

Concentration of Purchases 

Net purchase from suppliers accounting for 10 or
more of total purchases are as follows: 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, 93.8 of the
inventory of cameras were purchased from one supplier, eSakura Market . For the year ended November 30, 2022, 100 of the
purchases of inventory of cameras was handled by Mr. Takaharu Ogami whom the Company has a service agreement with to buy and sell used
cameras on behalf of the Company. 

For the year ended November 30, 2021, 81.6 of the
inventory of cameras were purchased from one supplier, eSakura Market . For the year ended November 30, 2021, 100 of the
purchases of inventory of cameras was handled by Mr. Takaharu Ogami whom the Company has a service agreement with to buy and sell used
cameras on behalf of the Company. 

Concentration of Revenues 

Gross revenues from customers accounting for 10 or
more of total revenues are as follows: 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, 100 of the revenue from the sale of cameras was generated through Amazon USA. For the year ended
November 30, 2022, 100 of the revenue from the sale of cameras was handled by Takaharu Ogami whom the Company has a service agreement
with to buy and sell used cameras on behalf of the Company. 

For the year ended November 30, 2021, 95.4 of the
revenue from the sale of cameras was generated through Amazon USA. For the year ended November 30, 2021, 100 of the revenue from the
sale of cameras was handled by Takaharu Ogami whom the Company has a service agreement with to buy and sell used cameras on behalf of
the Company. 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, no customer
accounted for 10 or more of service revenue. 

For the year ended November 30, 2021, 21.9 and 13.5 
of the Company s service revenue was generated from Geniee, Inc., and KONICA MINOLTA, respectively. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We neither rent nor own any properties. We utilize
the office space and equipment of our management at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in legal
proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results
of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

 - 4 - 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the Pink Open
Market, OTC Pink , operated by OTC Markets Group OTCM ). There is currently a limited trading market in the
shares of our common stock. 

Set forth below are the range
of high and low bid closing bid prices for the periods indicated as reported by the OTCM. The market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High Bid 
 
 Low Bid 
 
 May
 31, 2023 (1) 
 4.50 
 
 4.50 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 4.50 
 
 0.5606 
 
 November 30, 2022 
 2.48 
 
 0.20 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 0.20 
 
 0.20 
 
 May 31, 2022 
 0.20 
 
 0.20 
 
 February 28, 2022 
 0.20 
 
 0.20 
 
 November 30, 2021 
 12.70 
 
 12.70 
 
 August 31, 2021 
 12.70 
 
 12.70 
 
 May 31, 2021 
 12.70 
 
 12.70 
 
 February 28, 2021 
 10.50 
 
 1.10 

(1) Through March 17, 2023. 

Holders 

As
of March 17, 2023, there were 125 shareholders of record of our common stock and 8,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Dividends
and Share Repurchases 

We have not paid any dividends to our shareholders.
There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of
Proceeds from Registered Securities 

The Company has not
conducted any recent sales of securities within the past three fiscal years. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable because the Company is a smaller reporting
company. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical information,
including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, 
 intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations
and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could
have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes
in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting
principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should
not be placed on such statements. 

Liqu idity
and Capital Resources 

As
of November 30, 2022, and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 19,104 and 68,312, respectively. Currently, our cash
balance is not sufficient to fund our operations and our revenues cannot cover our cost and expenses for any substantive period of time.
We have been utilizing and may continue to utilize funds from Photozou Co., Ltd., owned and managed by Koichi Ishizuka, our CEO. Photozou Holdings.,
Inc, and Koichi Ishizuka, however, have no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company.
In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period, we require further funding. Being a start-up stage company,
we have very limited operating history. After a twelve-month period we may need additional financing but currently do not have any arrangements
for such financing. 

If
we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash we need, or cease operations
entirely. 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company borrowed 161,594 from Photozou Co., Ltd., a Company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka,
CEO. For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company repaid 50,112 to Photozou Co., Ltd. The total due to related party as of November
30, 2022 was 651,999 and are unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. 

Revenues 

For the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021, we generated revenues in the amount of 139,974 and 159,662, respectively, from the
sale of used cameras, and 46,017 and 48,935, respectively, from services. 

For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, used camera revenue generated from the US market is 100 and 95.4 of used camera revenue,
respectively. For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, used camera revenue generated from the Japan market is 0 and 4.6 of used
camera revenue, respectively. 

Net
Loss 

We recorded a net loss of 155,286 and 199,382 for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decreased net loss for
the year ended November 30, 2022, as opposed to the year ended November 30, 2021, was attributed to the decrease in expenses. 

We believe that we realized a net loss for the year ended November 30, 2022 because our and our subsidiary s collective operating
expenses, outweighed our gross profits. 

Through the current date, our gross profit ratio has
been, in our opinion, low. To improve upon our margins, going forward, we intend to make an attempt to purchase cameras at lower prices
by better negotiating purchases in our favor, and or buying in bulk at cheaper prices. We do not believe a small increase in our pricing
will deter buyers from purchasing our cameras, therefore we are also exploring the possibility of increasing our prices slightly. 

Cash flow 

For the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021, we had cash flows from operations in the amount of negative 3,323 and 149,290, respectively. 

Working capital 

As of November 30, 2022, and 2021, we had a working deficit of 563,519 and 434,448, respectively. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are prepared on a basis of accounting assuming that the Company is a going concern that contemplates realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is in the early stage of operations and has reoccurring net losses and working
capital deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will
offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue-producing contracts or financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur,
it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions
or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the
Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company , we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F7-F8 
 
 - F1 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Photozou Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Photozou Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the
C ompany's auditor since 2017. 

March 17, 2023 

- F2 - 

PHOTOZOU HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

November 30, 2022 
 
 November 30, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Sales tax recoverable 

Inventories, net 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Software, net 

Advance payments 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

Long-term loan payable, current portion 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term loan payable, non-current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021) 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- F3 - 

PHOTOZOU
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year
 Ended 
 
 Year
 Ended 

November
 30, 2022 
 
 November
 30, 2021 

REVENUES 

Revenue from cameras sold 

Service revenue 

TOTAL REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

Cost of revenue from cameras sold 

Cost of service revenue 

TOTAL COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OTHER INCOME 

OTHER EXPENSES 

NET LOSS BEFORE TAXES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

BASIC
 AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON STOCK 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

-
F4 - 

PHOTOZOU
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

ADDITIONAL 
 
 OTHER 

COMMON
 STOCK 
 
 PAID
 IN 
 
 COMPREHENSIVE 
 
 ACCUMULATED 

NUMBER 
 
 AMOUNT 
 
 CAPITAL 
 
 (LOSS)
 INCOME 
 
 DEFICIT 
 
 TOTALS 

Balance
 November 30, 2020 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Balance
 November 30, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Balance
 November 30, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

-
F5 - 

PHOTOZOU HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 

November 30, 2022 
 
 November 30, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash: 

Amortization expenses 

Loss
on disposal of software 
 
 - 

Allowance for inventory obsolescence 

- 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

) 
 
 Inventories, net 

) 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 
 
 ) 

Sales tax recoverable 

) 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of software 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from due to related party 

Repayments of due to related party 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of long-term loan 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in by financing activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net Change in Cash and Cash equivalents 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Expense paid by related party on behalf of the Company 

Software transferred advance payment 
 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- F6 - 

Table of Contents 

PHOTOZOU HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER
30, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The sales tax recoverable was related to sales tax paid by Photozou
Koukoku for inventories and expenses incurred during the period which was recoverable from the government. 

and , respectively. 

and paid expenses on behalf of the Company in the amount of .
For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company repaid 50,112 to Photozou Co., Ltd. The total due to related party as of November 30, 2022 was 
and are unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing.

For the year ended November 30, 2021, Photozou
Co., Ltd., a company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, our CEO, advanced to the Company 
and paid expense on behalf of the Company in the amount of .
The total due to related party as of November 30, 2021 was 
and is unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. 

For the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company utilized
office space and storage space of the Company s sole officer, Koichi Ishizuka, free of charge. 

 from Japan Finance Corporation JFC ), a wholly owned public entity by the Japanese government as the COVID-19 subsidy.
The loan is unsecured, repaid monthly, due in five years, and with an annual interest rate of 0.46 within three years and 1.36 thereafter.
 Koichi Ishizuka is the guarantor of the loan. 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company
repaid 10,917 to JFC. As of November 30, 2022, the Company had the current portion of 10,197 and non-current portion of 16,994. 

The future principal payments for the Company s
long-term loan as of November 30, 2022, are as follows: 

Year Ending November 30, 

2023 
 
 10,197 
 
 2024 
 
 10,197 
 
 2025 
 
 6,797 
 
 2026 
 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 27,191 

.
This debt is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and due on demand. 

- F8 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed under
the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer,
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures are ineffective. 

Our Chief Executive
Officer, Koichi Ishizuka, has reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) as of November 30, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report and has concluded that (i) the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and (ii) the Company s controls
and procedures have not been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the
Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
 Management conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and
criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of November 30, 2022, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting is ineffective based on those criteria. 

The Company s management, including its Chief
Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
and its internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
 Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and may not be detected. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.
 Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that our Chief Executive Officer considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of Treadway Commission were: domination of management by a single individual without adequate compensating controls, lack of a majority
of outside directors on board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures; inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, and lack of an audit committee. 

The Company believes that the material weaknesses
are due to the Company s limited resources. 

Our Chief Executive Officer that the material weaknesses
did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and inadequate
segregation of duties results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures,
which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Our Chief Executive Officer recognizes that its controls
and procedures would be substantially improved if we had an audit committee and two individuals serving as officers and as such is actively
seeking to remediate this issue. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other
deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives
and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to
us. And, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting
in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors,
who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority
of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as quickly as possible to implement these initiatives; however,
the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There have been no changes in internal controls over the financial reporting
that occurred during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only
management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Mr. Koichi Ishizuka, Age 51- Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer 

Background of Mr. Koichi Ishizuka 

In 2004 Mr. Koichi Ishizuka graduated with his
MBA from the University of Aoyama Gakuin. Several years later in 2011 he graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard
School of Business. Following Mr. Ishizuka s formal education, he took a position as the head of marketing with Thomson
Reuters, a mass media and information firm. Thereafter, he served as the CEO of Xinhua Finance Japan in 2006, Fate Corporation in
2008, and LCA Holdings., Ltd in 2009. Currently, Mr. Ishizuka serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Off Line Co., Ltd., Photozou
Co., Ltd., Perfect Solutions Group, Inc., Photozou Holdings, Inc., and Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.. He has held the position of CEO
with Off Line Co., Ltd. since 2013, Photozou Co., Ltd since 2016, Photozou Holdings, Inc since 2017 and Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.
since 2017. Off Line Co., Ltd. manages and operates a Japanese communication application named, AirTalk. This is
Off Line Co., Ltd. s primary business activity. In June 2018, he incorporated Off Line Japan Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation.
On November 22, 2019, he incorporated Off Line International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. On November 18, 2020, Koichi Ishizuka
became the Chief Financial Officer of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. On March 18, 2022, Koichi Ishizuka became the Chief Executive
Officer of Perfect Solutions Group, Inc. 

As of the date of this filing, there has not been
any material plan, contract or arrangement (whether or not written) to which our sole officer and director are a party in connection with
their appointments at Photozou Holdings, Inc. 

Employees 

As of November 30, 2022, we had no employees
outside of our sole officer and director. 

Director s Term of Office 

Directors will hold office until the next annual meeting
of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are elected annually by our board of directors and serve
at the discretion of the board of directors. Presently, we have a single director, Koichi Ishizuka. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability for adherence
to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents
that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by
the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted
a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not
required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s
Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the
scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. Our sole officer and director reviews the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation,
or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee
charter. Our director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the Director can adequately perform
the functions of such committees. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board has determined that we do not have a board
member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have
a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We believe that our Director is capable of analyzing
and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The Director of our
Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management believes that the Board of Directors can adequately
perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent Director who would qualify as an audit
committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of
our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash flows from operations to date. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our sole officer and director has not been involved
in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 
 
 4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 5. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Independence of Directors 

We are not required to have independent members of
our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such time as we are required to do so. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board
of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that since the business is operated by a
small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business conduct and securities laws are adequate
ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal
Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder Proposals 

Our Company does not have any defined policy or procedural
requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board of Directors believes that, given the
stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board
of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all
candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President, at the address appearing on the first page of
this Registration Statement. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and principal position (a) 
 As of November 30, (b) 
 Salary ) (c) 
 Bonus ) (d) 
 Stock Awards ) (e) 
 Option Awards ) (f) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) (g) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) (h) 
 All other compensation ) (i) 
 Total ) (j) 

Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Summary of Compensation 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock options to our executive
officers since our incorporation. 

Employment Agreements 

We do not have an employment or consulting agreements
with any officer or Director. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Director Compensation 

Our Board of Directors does not currently receive
any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future to
award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted
shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation
given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive or any future
executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our
long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options to date,
the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants
would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses
to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are
in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we
are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any future executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any
immediate plans to award. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

As of November 30, 2022, the Company has 8,000,000
shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock have been used throughout
this report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Voting Shares of Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Koichi Ishizuka (1) (2) 
 3-1-21, Chuo, Nakano-ku, Tokyo, 164-0011, Japan 
 5,334,200 
 66.68 
 none 
 n/a 
 66.68 
 
 5 or greater shareholders 

Takashi Matsuyama 
 4-16-14-101, Kugenuma Sakuragaoka, Fujisawa-shi, Kanagawa, 251-0027,
 Japan 
 700,000 
 8.75 
 none 
 n/a 
 8.75 
 
 Rei Ishizuka (3) 
 3-1-21, Chuo, Nakano-ku, Tokyo, 164-0011, Japan 
 600,260 
 7.50 
 none 
 n/a 
 7.50 

(1) Mr. Koichi Ishizuka owns 66.68 of the issued
and outstanding shares of the company. 

(2) Koichi Ishizuka is the President, CEO and Director
of the Company. 

(3) Rei Ishizuka is the wife of Koichi Ishizuka 

Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance
with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person
(if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially
owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of
the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed
to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of
outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at
any particular date. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, Photozou Co., Ltd., a company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, CEO, advanced to the Company 23,129
and paid expense on behalf of the Company in an amount of 138,465. For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company repaid 50,112 to
Photozou Co., Ltd. The total due to related party as of November 30, 2022 was 651,999 and are unsecured, due on demand and non-interest
bearing. 

For the year ended November 30, 2021, Photozou Co., Ltd., a company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, our CEO, advanced to the Company 3,351
and paid expense on behalf of the Company in the amount of 167,174. The total due to related party as of November 30, 2021 was 630,586
and is unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. 

For the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company utilized office
space and storage space of the Company s sole officer, Koichi Ishizuka, free of charge. 

Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party
Transactions 

Given our small size and limited financial resources,
we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above,
with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the
future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review,
approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will
continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees 
 MaloneBailey, LLP 
 79,166 
 56,106 

Audit related fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Tax fees 
 MaloneBailey, LLP 
 5,000 
 1,750 

All other fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 84,166 
 57,856 

Audit fees represent the professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our financial statements included in quarterly reports, along with
services normally provided by the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees
represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered
by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees represent fees billed for products and services
provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for in the other categories. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements 

1. Financial statements for our company are
listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

2. All financial statement schedules are
omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 By-laws (1) 

31 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022 (2) 

32 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (2) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 ____________________ 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form POS AM as filed with the SEC on June 9, 2017, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Photozou Holdings, Inc. 

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Director 

 Dated: March 17, 2023 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Director 

 Dated: March 17, 2023 

- 11 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EX-31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Photozou Holdings, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Photozou Holdings, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer
and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business
issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and
the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi
Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Photozou Holdings, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Photozou Holdings, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer
and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business
issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and
the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Photozou Holdings, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Photozou Holdings, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report), I, Koichi
Ishizuka, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka
and will be retained by Photozou Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

Dated: March 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Photozou Holdings, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Photozou Holdings, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report), I, Koichi Ishizuka, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka and will
be retained by Photozou Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: March 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ptzh-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ptzh-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ptzh-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ptzh-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

