<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1878944_0001104659-23-038952.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>232098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53781</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>18371</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>138456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-038952.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330125358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-038952
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001182534
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000833733
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001878944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-233424-02
		FILM NUMBER:		23778875

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 FERDINAND PORSCHE DR.
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 364-7325

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 FERDINAND PORSCHE DR.
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001182534
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		IRS NUMBER:				113650483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-99199
		FILM NUMBER:		23778876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WOODLAND POINTE AVENUE
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 364-7325

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WOODLAND POINTE AVENUE
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-038952.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 tm2310809d2_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
 to 

333-233424-02 

 (Commission File Number of Issuing Entity) 

Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1 

 (Exact name of Issuing Entity as specified in its
charter) 

Central Index Key Number of Issuing Entity: 0001878944 

Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding,
LLC 

 (Exact name of Depositor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of Depositor: 0001182534 

VW Credit, Inc. 

 (Exact name of Sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of Securitizer: 0000833733 

State of Delaware 
 30-6681231 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization of 
Registrant) 
 Identification No. of Registrant) 

2200 Woodland Pointe Avenue 
 20171 

Herndon, Virginia 
 (Zip Code of Registrant) 

(Address of principal executive offices of Registrant) 

(703) 364-7000 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act: 

Title of each
 class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each
 exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer: Accelerated
 filer: 

Non-accelerated filer: Smaller
 reporting company: 

Emerging growth company: 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Not Applicable 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act).
 Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked
price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. None 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

FORM 10-K 

PART 1 

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL
INSTRUCTION J(1) TO FORM 10-K: 

(A) Item 1 
 Business. 

(B) Item 1A 
 Risk Factors. 

(C) Item 2 
 Properties. 

(D) Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

PART II 

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL
INSTRUCTION J(1) TO FORM 10-K: 

(A) 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities. 

(B) 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data. 

(C) 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

(D) 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

(E) 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(F) 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

(G) 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART III 

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL
INSTRUCTION J(1) TO FORM 10-K: 

(A) Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

(B) Item 11 
 Executive Compensation. 

(C) 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

(D) Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

(E) Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) (1) Not applicable. 

(2) Not applicable. 

(3) The exhibits filed in response to Item
601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

(b) The exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

(c) None. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not Applicable. 

SUBSTITUTE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION
J(2) TO FORM 10-K: 

Item 1112(b) of Regulation AB. Significant Obligors of Pool
Assets (Financial Information). 

Not Applicable. 

Item 1114(b)(2) of Regulation AB. Credit Enhancement and Other
Support, Except for Certain Derivatives Instruments (Information Regarding Significant Enhancement Providers). 

Not Applicable. 

Item 1115(b) of Regulation AB. Certain Derivatives Instruments
(Financial Information). 

Not Applicable. 

Item 1117 of Regulation AB. Legal Proceedings. 

Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft Volkswagen AG and affiliates
of Volkswagen AG (collectively, Volkswagen Group Companies ), including VW Credit, Inc. VW Credit ), have
been the subject of intense scrutiny, ongoing investigations (civil and criminal) and civil litigation relating to TDI diesel engines.
Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group Companies have received subpoenas and inquiries from state attorneys general and other governmental
and regulatory authorities and are responding to such investigations and inquiries, including in areas relating to securities, financing
and tax. 

One such legal action to which VW Credit was subject, or to which certain
other Volkswagen Group Companies are still subject, is a civil action brought by the SEC pursuant to a complaint filed in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California on March 14, 2019. The complaint alleged that VW Credit, its indirect 100 parent,
Volkswagen AG, an affiliate, Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC, and the former Chief Executive Officer of Volkswagen AG, Martin
Winterkorn, violated certain provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws by selling certain bonds and asset-based securities without
disclosure concerning the existence of defeat devices, as defined under U.S. law, in certain diesel vehicles, and related exposures. 

On August 20, 2020, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California granted in part the Volkswagen defendants motion to dismiss the complaint, dismissing all claims against VW Credit
related to its issuance of automotive asset-backed securities ABS ). With respect to VW Credit, the court held that the
SEC s claims had already been released by virtue of Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC and VW Credit s
settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice for claims made under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act,
12 U.S.C. 1833a, related to VW Credit and the ABS. 

On September 4, 2020, the SEC filed an amended complaint and removed
its claims against VW Credit. On December 7, 2020, the Volkswagen Group Companies entities named in the amended complaint filed an
answer to the operative complaint denying liability for the claims asserted by the SEC and raising affirmative defenses. To date, the
SEC has not sought to pursue a direct appeal as to the claims against VW Credit; however, the SEC may attempt to appeal after the resolution
of all remaining claims in the amended complaint. The other Volkswagen Group Companies named in the amended complaint intend to continue
to contest the claims asserted in the SEC s amended complaint and the relief sought by the SEC. 

Indenture Trustee Litigation 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Indenture Trustee,
has provided the following information for inclusion in this report on Form 10-K: 

U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank and other
large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential mortgage backed
securities RMBS trusts. The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank and similar
institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged failures by the sponsors, mortgage loan sellers and
servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts. Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees 
purported failures to enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for alleged breaches of representations and warranties,
notify securityholders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and
abide by a heightened standard of care following alleged events of default. 

U.S. Bank denies liability and believes that it has performed its obligations
under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and
it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. However, U.S. Bank cannot assure you as to
the outcome of any of the litigation, or the possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts 

On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware
statutory trusts (the DSTs that issued securities backed by student loans (the Student Loans filed a lawsuit
in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank in its capacities as indenture trustee
and successor special servicer, and three other institutions in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the DSTs and
the Student Loans. This lawsuit is captioned The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association,
et al., C.A. No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.) (the NCMSLT Action ). The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged
that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning administration of the trusts
and special servicing of the Student Loans. Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions
against U.S. Bank concerning special servicing that appear to be based on certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT
Action. 

U.S. Bank has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative complaint
in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of
the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated. On November 7, 2018, the Court
ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution of the first-filed cases. On January 21, 2020, the Court
entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery
concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which remains pending. 

U.S. Bank denies liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has
performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in compliance in all material respects with the
terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has meritorious defenses. It has contested and intends to continue contesting the
plaintiffs claims vigorously. 

Except as described above, no legal proceedings are pending against
any of VW Credit, Inc. (in its capacity as the sponsor (the Sponsor ), in its capacity as an originator contemplated
by Item 1110(b) of Regulation AB (the Originator ), in its capacity as servicer (the Servicer and in
its capacity as administrator of Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1 (the Issuing Entity )), Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan
Underwritten Funding, LLC (the Depositor ), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Indenture Trustee ),
Citicorp Trust Delaware, National Association (the Issuer Delaware Trustee ), Citibank, N.A. (the Owner Trustee ),
or the Issuing Entity or of which any property of the foregoing is the subject that are or would be material to holders of the asset-backed
notes (the Notes or the asset-backed certificate (the Certificate ). No such proceedings are known to be contemplated
by governmental authorities. 

Item 1119 of Regulation AB. Affiliations and Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions. 

Information required by Item 1119 of Regulation AB has been omitted
from this report on Form 10-K in reliance on the Instruction to Item 1119. 

Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Compliance with Applicable Servicing
Criteria. 

The Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and U.S. Bank National Association
(collectively, the Servicing Parties have each been identified by the Depositor as parties participating in the servicing
function with respect to the asset pool held by the Issuing Entity. Each of the Servicing Parties has completed a report on an assessment
of compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB applicable to it (each, a Servicing
Assessment Report ), which Servicing Assessment Reports are attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K. In addition, each of the
Servicer and the Indenture Trustee has provided an attestation report (each, an Attestation Report by a registered public
accounting firm, which reports are also attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K. Neither the Indenture Trustee s Servicing Assessment
Report nor the Indenture Trustee s Attestation Report has identified any material instance of noncompliance with the servicing criteria
applicable to the Indenture Trustee. 

The Servicer complied in all material respects with the servicing criteria
applicable to it. 

Item 1123 of Regulation AB. Servicer Compliance Statement. 

The Servicer has completed a statement of compliance with its activities
during the reporting period and of its performance under the applicable servicing agreement (a Compliance Statement ), signed
by an authorized officer of the Servicer. The Compliance Statement is attached as Exhibit 35.1 to this Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function of the Servicer Pursuant to Rule 15d-14(d). 

Exhibit 33.1 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria of VW Credit, Inc. 

Exhibit 33.2 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with the Servicing Criteria of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association. 

Exhibit 34.1 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with the Servicing Criteria of Baker Tilly US, LLP, on behalf of VW Credit, Inc. 

Exhibit 34.2 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with the Servicing Criteria of Ernst Young LLP, on behalf of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association. 

Exhibit 35.1 
 Annual Servicer Compliance Statement of the Servicer for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Depositor has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

March 30, 2023 

VOLKSWAGEN
 AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2021-1 

By: 
 VW Credit, Inc., as Servicer 

By: 
 /s/ Garett
 Miles 

Garett
 Miles Head of Securitization and Assistant Treasurer 

(senior officer in charge of the servicing
 function) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tm2310809d2_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF SENIOR OFFICER IN CHARGE OF
THE SERVICING FUNCTION OF THE SERVICER PURSUANT TO Rule 15d-14(d) 

I, Garett Miles, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K, and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed in respect of the period covered
by this report on Form 10-K of Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1 (the Exchange Act periodic reports ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing and other information required to be provided under Form 10-D for the
period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports; 

4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by the servicer and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted
in preparing the servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the
Exchange Act periodic reports, the servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the servicing agreement in all material respects; and 

5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and their related attestation reports
on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be included in this report in accordance with
Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise
disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in this report on Form 10-K. 

In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on
information provided to me by the following unaffiliated party: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

March 30, 2023 

/s/ Garett Miles 
 
 Garett Miles 
 
 Head of Securitization and Assistant Treasurer 
 
 (senior officer in charge of the servicing function) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 tm2310809d2_ex33-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 33.1

EXHIBIT 33.1 

Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable
Servicing Criteria of VW Credit, Inc. 

March 30, 2023 

1. VW
Credit, Inc. VCI is responsible for assessing compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it set forth
in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2022 through
December 31, 2022 (the Reporting Period as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. This report does not include asset
backed securities transactions for which VCI acted as servicer involving retail auto loans consummated prior to the effectiveness of
Regulation AB. The sole asset-backed securities transaction covered by this report was the Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1. 

2. Except
as set forth in paragraph 3 below, VCI used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to assess compliance
with the applicable servicing criteria. 

3. VCI
has determined that the criteria in the column titled Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit A hereto (collectively,
the Inapplicable Servicing Criteria are not applicable to VCI based on the activities VCI performs with respect to asset
backed securities transactions involving retail auto loans other than transactions consummated prior to the effectiveness of Regulation
AB. The criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB other than the Inapplicable Servicing Criteria are referred
to as the Applicable Servicing Criteria . 

4. VCI
has complied, in all material respects, with the Applicable Servicing Criteria as of December 31, 2022 and for the Reporting Period
with respect to its asset backed securities transactions involving retail auto loans other than transactions consummated prior to the
effectiveness of Regulation AB . 

5. Baker
Tilly US, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on VCI s assessment of compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria as of December 31, 2022 and for the Reporting Period. 

VW CREDIT, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Garett Miles 

Garett Miles 

Head of Securitization and Assistant Treasurer 

EXHIBIT A 

SERVICING
 CRITERIA 
 
 APPLICABLE 
 SERVICING
 CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE 
 SERVICING 
 CRITERIA 

Reference 
 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
 by Servicer 
 Performed 
 By Trustee 

General
 Servicing Criteria 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies
 and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction
 agreements 

1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If
 any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s
 performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 
 -
 No material servicing activities outsourced except indentured trustee who is required to provide
 the certifications and annual reports concerning criteria 1122 (d) (2) (iii), (iv) 
 (v) 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any
 requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 
 
 - Transaction documents do not require a
 back-up servicer 

1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A
 fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting
 period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation
 of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

Cash
 Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments
 on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business
 days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements
 made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances
 of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances,
 are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The
 related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are
 separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each
 custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes
 of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a
 foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued
 checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations
 are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including
 custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically
 accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date,
 or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and
 approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain
 explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar
 days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
 agreements. 

Investor
 Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) 
 Reports
 to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable
 Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth
 in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction
 agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors 
 or the Trustsee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. 

1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts
 due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the
 transaction agreements. 
 
 - except with respect to remittances 

1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements
 made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified
 in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts
 remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

Pool
 Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral
 or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related asset pool documents. 

1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool
 assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any
 additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements
 in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in
 accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two
 business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal,
 interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related asset pool documents. 

1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with
 the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes
 with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool asset (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and
 approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss
 mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions,
 as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the
 transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records
 documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements.
 Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe
 the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling
 plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments
 to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding
 any funds held in Trusts for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s
 pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest
 on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such
 funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days
 specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments
 made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as
 indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer
 at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any
 late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds
 and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements
 made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such
 other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies,
 charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any
 external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained
 as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 
 - No escrow accounts managed for obligors 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 tm2310809d2_ex33-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 33.2

Exhibit 33.2 

 Management's Assertion 

Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable
Servicing Criteria 

Management of U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association (collectively U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing compliance as of and for the year ended December 31,
2022 with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of Regulation AB applicable to it as set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
This report covers asset backed securities transactions within the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform 1 
(the Platform 

U.S. Bank hereby provides the following report on its assessment of
compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB applicable to it and as described on Exhibit A hereto: 

1. U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing its compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it as noted on the accompanying Exhibit A; 

2. Except as set forth in paragraph 3 below, U.S. Bank used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB
to assess its compliance with the applicable servicing criteria; 

3. The criteria listed in the column titled Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit A hereto are inapplicable to
U.S. Bank based on the servicing activities it performs directly with respect to the Platform; 

4. U.S. Bank has complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31,
2022; and 

5. Ernst Young, LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on U.S. Bank s assessment
of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

1 The U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities
Platform (the Platform consists of the activities involved in the performance of servicing functions for which the Company
provides trustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services for (i) publicly issued asset-backed and mortgage-backed
transactions the securities of which were offered on or after January 1, 2006 and (ii) certain asset-backed transactions for which the
Issuer has voluntarily elected to make Regulation AB compliant filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1 Corporate Trust ABS Platform (A) 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

/s/ John Stern 

Name: John Stern 

Title: Executive Vice President 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

/s/ John Stern 

Name: John Stern 

Title: Executive Vice President 

Dated: February 27, 2023 

2 Corporate Trust ABS Platform (A) 

EXHIBIT A to Management s Assertion 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 
 Inapplicable 
 Servicing 
 Criteria 

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 

Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor
 any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(1)(ii) 

If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties,
 policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

X 2 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 

Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up
 servicer for the Pool Assets are maintained. 

X 

1122(d)(1)(iv) 

A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the
 party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance
 with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(1)(v) 

Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate
 and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

X 3 

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 

Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial
 bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified
 in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(2)(ii) 

Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to
 an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

X 

1122(d)(2)(iii) 

Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or
 distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction
 agreements. 

X 4 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 

The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts
 or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as
 set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(2)(v) 

Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository
 institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution 
 with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of
 the Securities Exchange Act. 

X 

1122(d)(2)(vi) 

Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

X 

2 
No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 

 3 
No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 

 4 
No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 

3 Corporate Trust ABS Platform (A) 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 Inapplicable 
Servicing 
 Criteria 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 

Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed
 securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically
 accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the
 transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain
 explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or
 such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 

Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission,
 are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are
 prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated
 in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and
 regulations; and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number
 of Pool Assets serviced by the Servicer. 

X 

1122(d)(3)(ii) 

Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with
 timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(3)(iii) 

Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days
 to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(3)(iv) 

Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled
 checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

X 

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 

Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by
 the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(ii) 

Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the
 transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(iii) 

Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made,
 reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(iv) 

Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance
 with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after
 receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g.,
 escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 

X 

4 Corporate Trust ABS Platform (A) 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 Inapplicable 
 Servicing 
Criteria 

1122(d)(4)(v) 

The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the
 Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 

Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool assets
 (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements
 and related pool asset documents. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(vii) 

Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications
 and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance
 with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(viii) 

Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period
 a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or
 such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets
 including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness
 or unemployment). 

X 

1122(d)(4)(ix) 

Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with
 variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(x) 

Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts):
 (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other
 period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable
 pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of
 the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 

Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments)
 are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided
 that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified
 in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 

Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made
 on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the
 obligor s error or omission. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 

Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business
 days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 

Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized
 and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 

Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through
 (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

5 Corporate Trust ABS Platform (A) 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-34.1>
 5
 tm2310809d2_ex34-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 34.1

Exhibit 34.1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors of 
VW Credit, Inc. 

We have examined management's assertion, included in the accompanying
Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that VW Credit, Inc. (the Company) complied with the servicing criteria
set forth in Title 17, Section 229.1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria)
for the asset-backed securities transactions involving retail automotive loans registered with the Securities Exchange Commission for
which the Company acted as servicer (the Regulation AB Platform), as of December 31, 2022, as well as the period ended December 31,
2022 for Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2021-1, Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2020-1, and for the period from June 14,
2022 (the date of issuance) through December 31, 2022 for Volkswagen Auto Lease Trust 2022-A except for the servicing criteria set
forth in Sections 229.1122(d)(1)(iv), 229.1122(d)(2)(vi), 229.1122(d)(3)(ii) with respect to remittances, 229.1122(d)(3)(iii)-(iv),
229.1122(d)(4)(ix)-(xiii) and 229.112(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs
with respect to the Regulation AB Platform. With respect to applicable servicing criteria 1122(d)(2)(iii), the Company has determined
that there were no activities performed during the year ended December 31, 2022 with the respect to the Regulation AB Platform, because
there were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. Appendix A to the Report on Assessment
of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria identifies the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management
as constituting the Regulation AB Platform. Management of VW Credit, Inc. is responsible for its assertion and for the Company's
compliance with the Servicing Criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company's
compliance with the Servicing Criteria based on our examination. 

Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with the attestation standards established by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether management's assertion regarding the Company's compliance with the Servicing Criteria is fairly stated, in all
material respects, and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company's compliance with the applicable
servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included
testing of selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Regulation AB Platform, testing selected servicing
activities related to the Regulation AB Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed
those selected activities in compliance with the Servicing Criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing
activities performed by the Company during the periods covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance
arising from errors that may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated
or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. We believe
that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide, a reasonable basis for our
opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company's compliance with the Servicing Criteria. 

As described in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance
with Applicable Servicing Criteria, for servicing criteria 1122(d)(2)(i) and 1122(d)(4)(iv), the Company has engaged various vendors
to perform the activities required by theses servicing criteria. The Company has determined that none of these vendors are considered
a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company has elected to take responsibility for assessing
compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor as permitted by the SEC s Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
(C DI) 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers C DI 200.06). As permitted by C DI 200.06, the Company has asserted that
it has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendors activities comply in all material
respects with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor. The Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC
requirements to apply C DI 200-06 for the vendors and related servicing criteria as described in its assertion, and we performed no
procedures with respect to the Company s eligibility to apply C DI 200.06. 

Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s
compliance with the Servicing Criteria. 

In our opinion, management's assertion that VW Credit, Inc. complied
with the aforementioned Servicing Criteria as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 noted above, for asset-backed
securities transactions involving automotive loan transactions completed and registered with the Securities Exchange Commission for
which the Company acted as servicer is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 

 March 24, 2023 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 6
 tm2310809d2_ex34-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 34.2

Exhibit 34.2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The Board of Directors 

 U.S. Bank National Association 

We have examined management s assertion,
included in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that U.S. Bank National Association
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (collectively, the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth
in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities
Platform (the Platform ), for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services,
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, except for servicing criteria Items 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(i)-(ii), and 1122(d)(4)(iv)-(xiv),
which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the servicing platform covered by this
report. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 

Our examination was conducted in accordance with
attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable
servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing
of less than all of the individual asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the
servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed
those selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions
and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine
whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated
or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. Although
the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with Items 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(v), and 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB,
there were no servicing activities performed by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 that required these servicing
criteria to be complied with. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet
our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination engagement. 

Our examination does not provide a legal determination
on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 

In our opinion, management s assertion that
the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the U.S. Bank
Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

/S/ Ernst 
Young LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 February 27, 2023 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-35.1>
 7
 tm2310809d2_ex35-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 35.1

EXHIBIT 35.1 

VW Credit, Inc. Servicer Compliance Statement
Under Section 3.9 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Item 1123 of Regulation AB 

___________________________________________ 

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO
LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2021-1 

The undersigned, a duly authorized officer of VW Credit, Inc. VCI ), as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 13, 2021 (as amended and supplemented,
or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Sale and Servicing Agreement ), by and among Volkswagen Auto Loan
Enhanced Trust 2021-1, as Issuer, Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, as Seller, VW Credit, Inc., as Servicer,
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor by assignment to U.S. Bank National Association), as Indenture Trustee,
does hereby certify that: 

1. A review of the activities of the Servicer during the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, and of its
performance under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, was conducted under my supervision. 

2. To the best of my knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement in all material respects throughout such period. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Certificate
on behalf of the Servicer this 30th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Garett Miles 

Garett Miles 

Head of Securitization and Assistant Treasurer 

</EX-35.1>

