<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1288855_0001493152-23-006772.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8937596</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233985</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1276174</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3299615</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1657691</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2151873</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006772.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306160051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006772
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OptimumBank Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001288855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50755
		FILM NUMBER:		23708851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2477 EAST COMMERCIAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33308
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954 776-2332

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2477 EAST COMMERCIAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006772.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company

Emerging Growth Company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (4,072,998 shares) on June 30,
2022, was approximately , computed by reference to the closing market price at 4.00 per share as of June 30, 2022. For purposes
of this information, the outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned by directors and executive officers of the registrant
were deemed to be shares of common stock held by affiliates. 

The
number of shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the registrant outstanding as of March 6, 2023 was shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 12 

PART II 
 13 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 14 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 

PART III 
 58 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 58 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 58 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 58 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 58 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 58 

PART IV 
 59 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

i 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
have made forward-looking statements in this Annual Report about the financial condition, results of operations, and business of our
company. These statements are not historical facts and include expressions concerning the future that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, among
other things, the following possibilities: 

general economic conditions,
 either nationally or regionally, that are less favorable than expected resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit
 quality and an increase in credit risk-related losses and expenses; 

changes in the interest
 rate environment that reduce margins; 

competitive pressure in
 the banking industry that increases significantly; 

changes that occur in the
 regulatory environment; and 

changes that occur in business
 conditions and the rate of inflation. 

When
used in this Annual Report, the words believes, estimates, plans, expects, should, 
 may, might, outlook, and anticipates, as well as similar expressions, as they
relate to us or our management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

General 

OptimumBank
Holdings, Inc. is a Florida corporation (the Company formed in 2004 as a bank holding company for OptimumBank (the Bank ).
The Company s only business is the ownership and operation of the Bank. The Bank is a Florida state-chartered bank established
in 2000, with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank offers a variety of community
banking services to individual and corporate customers through its two banking offices located in Broward County, Florida. 

The
Company is subject to the supervision and regulation of The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ).
The Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the State of Florida Office of Financial Regulation OFR and
the FDIC. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets of 585 million, net loans of 477 million, total deposits of 508 million and stockholders 
equity of 63 million. During 2022, the Company had a net income of 4 million. 

Banking
Products 

The
Bank s revenues are primarily derived from interest and fees received in connection with, real estate and other loans, interest
from securities and short-term investments, and service charges on payment transactions. The principal sources of funds for the Bank s
lending activities are deposits, borrowings, repayment of loans, and the repayment, or maturity of securities. The Bank s principal
expenses are the interest paid on deposits, and operating and general administrative expenses. 

1 

As
is the case with banking institutions generally, the Bank s operations are materially and significantly influenced by general economic
conditions and by related monetary and fiscal policies of financial institution regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve and
the FDIC. Deposit flows and costs of funds are influenced by interest rates on competing investments and general market rates of interest.
Lending activities are affected by the demand for financing of real estate and other types of loans, which in turn is affected by the
interest rates at which such financing may be offered and other factors affecting local demand and availability of funds. The Bank faces
strong competition attracting deposits (its primary source of lendable funds) and originating loans. 

The
Bank provides a range of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. The basic services offered include:
demand interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, money market deposit accounts, NOW accounts, time deposits, Visa debit and
ATM cards, cash management, direct deposits, notary services, money orders, night depository, cashier s checks, domestic
collections, and banking by mail. The Bank provides ATM cards and Visa debit cards, as a part of the Star, Presto and Cirrus
networks, thereby permitting customers to utilize the convenience of ATMs worldwide. On December 2022, the Bank began participating
as a member of the IntraFi Network, which is the largest provider of reciprocal deposits. With IntraFi s reciprocal deposit
services, the Bank can offer depositors access to FDIC insurance well beyond the standard maximum of 250,000 for funds placed into
demand deposit accounts, money market deposit accounts, or CDs. The Bank does not have trust powers and provides no trust services.
The Bank makes multi-family real estate loans, residential real estate loans, commercial
real estate loans, land and construction, and consumer loans. The Bank offers business lending lines for working capital needs.
Growing businesses can use the loans to expand inventory, take discounts, offset receivables, or establish new structured financing
and repayment plans that are consistent with the cash flow of the business. In 2023, the Bank plans to provide small businesses
administration government loans to small and middle market businesses. 

Operating
and Business Strategy 

The
Company s continuing goal is for the Bank to become one of the leading community banking organizations in South Florida through steady growth and a prudent operating strategy. 

The
key elements of the Bank s operating and business strategies are as follows: 

Emphasizing local management and local decision-making, resulting in rapid, personalized customer service, rapid credit decisions and
expedited closings; 

Maintaining a presence in South Florida through an expanding branch network. The Bank has two branch banking offices in Broward
County; and has plans to open an additional branch office in Miami-Dade County in the third quarter of 2023. 

Concentrating on real estate, commercial and consumer lending activities by originating fixed and variable rate commercial mortgage
loans, commercial loans, and consumer loans for Bank customers; In 2023, the Bank plans to provide small businesses administration
government loans to small and middle market businesses. 

Maintaining high credit quality through strict underwriting criteria and the Bank s knowledge of the real estate values and borrowers
in its market area; and 

Personalizing products and service by providing innovative financial products and high service levels in order to maintain strong customer
relationships. The Bank seeks customers who prefer to conduct business with a Florida managed institution. 

The
Bank and its management team are focusing on achieving the following key business objectives: 

Increasing and Diversifying Loan Originations . Management is seeking to increase the Bank s loan production to add more
interest-bearing assets to its asset base. In addition, management is endeavoring to diversify loan originations and the loan portfolio
to include more commercial and consumer loans in order to supplement the Bank s existing portfolio of commercial
and residential real estate loans. 

Increasing Capital Ratios . Management is seeking to obtain additional capital to increase the Bank s capital ratios in order
to allow the Bank to grow, implement its business plan and improve profitability. 

2 

Lending
Activities 

The
Bank offers real estate, commercial and consumer loans to individuals and small businesses and other organizations that are located
in or conduct a substantial portion of their business in its market area. The Bank s primary market area consists of Broward,
Miami-Dade, Palm Beach, Martin, and St. Lucie counties, and secondarily throughout the State of Florida. The Bank s net loans
at December 31, 2022 were 477.2 million, or 82 of total assets. During 2022 net loans increased by 229.3 million due to the
success of the Bank is seeking new lending opportunities in South Florida. Loan balances increased by 21.0 million in multi-family
real estate loans, 17.8 million in residential real estate loans, 181.2 million in commercial real estate loans 13.5, million in
land and construction loans, and 7.5 million in consumer loans. The interest rates charged on loans varied with the degree of risk,
maturity, and amount of the loan, and are further subject to competitive pressures, money market rates, availability of funds, and
government regulations. The Bank has no loans to non-U.S. borrowers. 

The
Bank s loan portfolio is concentrated in three major areas: residential, multi-family real estate, and commercial real estate
loans. As of December 31, 2022, 93 of the loan portfolio consisted of loans secured by mortgages on real estate, of which
approximately 64 of the total loan portfolio was secured by commercial real estate properties. The real estate loans are located
primarily in the counties the Bank serves in the State of Florida. 

The
Bank s real estate loans are secured by mortgages and consist primarily of loans to individuals and businesses for the purchase
or improvement of, or investment in, real estate. These real estate loans were made at fixed or variable interest rates and are normally
variable rate mortgages which adjust annually after the initial three to five-year period of the loan. The Bank s fixed rate loans
generally are for terms of five years or less, and are repayable in monthly instalments based on a maximum 30-year amortization schedule. 

Loan
originations are derived primarily from director and employee referrals, existing customers, and direct marketing. Certain credit risks
are inherent in making loans. These include prepayment risks, risks resulting from uncertainties in the future value of collateral, risks
resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions including interest rates, and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers.
A significant portion of the Bank s portfolio is collateralized by real estate in South Florida, which is susceptible to local
economic downturns. The Bank attempts to minimize credit losses through various means. On most credits, it relies on the cash flow and
assets of a debtor as the source of repayment as well as the value of the underlying collateral. The Bank also generally limits its loans
to up to 80 of the value of the underlying real estate collateral. The Bank generally charges a prepayment penalty if a loan is repaid
within the first two to three years of origination to recover any costs it paid for the origination of the loan. 

Deposit
Activities 

Deposits
are the major source of the Bank s funds for lending and other investment activities. The Bank considers the majority of its
regular savings, demand, NOW, money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit under 250,000 to be core deposits. These
accounts comprised approximately 90.7 of the Bank s total deposits at December 31, 2022. Approximately 47.2 of the deposits
at December 31, 2022 were certificates of deposit. Generally, the Bank attempts to maintain the rates paid on its deposits at a
competitive level. Time deposits of 250,000 and over made up approximately 9.3 of the Bank s total deposits at December 31,
2022. During 2022 total deposits increased by 215.4 million. The increase in deposit balances primarily consisted of
an increase of 35.1 million in non-interest bearing demand deposits and an increase of 226.7 million in time deposits. These
increases were offset by a decrease of 46.4 million in Savings, NOW, and money-market accounts. A large portion of the
increase in time deposits consisted of the sale of larger certificates of deposit through online platforms that allow the bank to
contact a broader range of depositors. 

Investments 

The
Bank s investment securities portfolio was approximately 25.6 million and 35.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
representing 4 and 10 of its total assets. At December 31, 2022, 52 of this portfolio was invested in asset-backed securities. Mortgage-backed
securities generally have a shorter life than the stated maturity. The Bank s investments are managed in relation to loan demand
and deposit growth, and are generally used to provide for the investment of excess funds at minimal risk levels while providing liquidity
to fund increases in loan demand or to offset fluctuations in deposits. 

The
excess balance account is the excess cash the Bank has available over and above daily cash needs. This money is invested on an overnight
basis with the Federal Reserve. 

3 

Correspondent
Banking 

Correspondent
banking involves one bank providing services to another bank which cannot provide that service for itself from an economic or practical
standpoint. The Bank is required to purchase correspondent services offered by larger banks, including check collections, purchase of
federal funds, security safekeeping, investment services, coin and currency supplies. 

The
Bank has established a correspondent relationship with the Federal Reserve Bank. The Bank pays for such services in cash as opposed to
keeping compensating balances. The Bank also sells loan participations to other banks with respect to loans which exceed its lending
limit. The Bank may purchase loan participations to supplement loan demand. 

Data
Processing 

The
Bank outsources most of its data processing services, including an automated general ledger and deposit accounting; however, it services
all its loans in-house. 

Internet
Banking 

The
Bank maintains a website at www.optimumbank.com where retail and business customers can access account balances, view current
account activity and previous statements, view images of paid checks, transfer funds between accounts, and pay bills. The Bank offers
its customers mobile access to their account information, with the option to setup alerts, and deposit checks across a broad range of
phones and mobile devices. The Bank also offers its business customers remote deposit capture and online cash management services that
include ACH origination and wire transfers using soft token technology for security. 

Competition 

The
Bank encounters strong competition in making loans and attracting deposits. The deregulation of the banking industry and the widespread
enactment of state laws which permit multi-bank holding companies as well as an increasing level of interstate banking have created a
highly competitive environment for commercial banking. In one or more aspects of its business, the Bank competes with other commercial
banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking
companies, and other financial intermediaries. Most of these competitors, some of which are affiliated with bank holding companies, have
substantially greater resources and lending limits, and may offer certain services that the Bank does not currently provide. In addition,
many of its non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern federally insured banks. Recent
federal and state legislation has heightened the competitive environment in which financial institutions must conduct their business,
and the potential for competition among financial institutions of all types has increased significantly. 

To compete, the Bank relies upon
specialized services, responsive handling of customer needs, and personal contacts by its officers, directors and staff. Large multi-branch
banking competitors tend to compete primarily by rate and the number and location of branches while smaller, independent financial institutions
tend to compete primarily by rate and personal service. 

Human
Capital 

The
Bank is committed to establishing personal relationships with its customers and providing personalized banking services that meet their
specific needs. The Bank s employees are critical to achieving this goal. It is therefore crucial that the Bank continues to attract
and retain experienced and skilled employees. 

As
part of these efforts, the Bank seeks to offer competitive compensation and benefits, maintain a community in which all employees are
empowered to perform their duties to the best of their abilities, and give employees the opportunity to contribute to the local community. 

4 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 48 full-time employees, including executive officers. These employees are not represented by a collective
bargaining unit. The Bank considers its relations with its employees to be good. 

Compensation
and Benefits Program. The Bank s compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills
necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders.
The Bank provides its employees with compensation packages that include base salary and annual incentive bonuses. The Bank believes that
its compensation program provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns associate and shareowner interests, including by incentivizing
business and individual performance and integrating compensation with our business plans. In addition to cash compensation, the Bank
also offers employees benefits such as life and health insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave and a 401(k) plan. 

Diversity
and Inclusion. The Bank believes that an equitable and inclusive environment produces more creative solutions, results in better services
and is crucial to our efforts to attract and retain key talent. The Bank strives to promote inclusion through our corporate values of
integrity, advocacy, partnership, relationships, community, and personalized service. The Bank is focused on building an inclusive culture
through a variety of diversity and inclusion initiatives, including related to internal promotions and hiring practices. 

Community
Involvement. The Bank aims to give back to the local community, and believes that this commitment helps in our efforts to attract and
retain employees. The Bank encourages its employees to volunteer with local service organizations and philanthropic groups. 

Health
and Safety. The success of the Bank s business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of its employees. Accordingly, the
Bank is committed to the health, safety and the wellness of its employees. The Bank provides employees and their families with access
to a variety of flexible and convenient health and the welfare programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health
by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status; and that offer choice where possible so they can
customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

Supervision
and Regulation 

Banks
and their holding companies are extensively regulated under both federal and state law. The following is a brief summary of certain statutes,
rules, regulations and enforcement actions affecting the Company and the Bank. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions referred to below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes
or regulations applicable to the business of the Company or the Bank. Supervision, regulation, and examination of banks by regulatory
agencies are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, rather than shareholders. 

Regulatory
Matters 

Banks
and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy
guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and
certain off balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject
to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. The net unrealized gain
or loss on available for sale securities is not included in computing regulatory capital. Management believes as of December 31, 2022,
the Company and Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

5 

In
2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy,
the community bank leverage ratio framework (CBLR framework), for qualifying community banking organizations. The final rule became effective
on January 1, 2020 and was elected by the Bank. In April 2020, the federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that makes temporary
changes to the CBLR framework, pursuant to section 4012 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, and a second
interim final rule that provides a graduated increase in the community bank leverage ratio requirement after the expiration of the temporary
changes implemented pursuant to section 4012 of the CARES Act. 

The
community bank leverage ratio removes the requirement for qualifying banking organizations to calculate and report risk-based capital
but rather only requires a Tier 1 to average assets (leverage) ratio. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the
community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than required minimums will be considered to have
satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules (generally applicable
rule) and, if applicable, will be considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act. The community bank leverage ratio minimum requirement is 9 . Under the final rule, an eligible community banking
organization can opt out of the CBLR framework and revert back to the risk-weighting framework without restriction. 

Management
believes, as of December 31, 2022, that the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject. The Bank s actual
capital amounts and percentages are presented in the table s in thousands): 

To Be Well Capitalized 

Under Prompt Corrective 

Action Regulations (CBLR 

Actual 
 Framework) 

Amount 
 
 Amount 

As of December 31, 2022: 

Tier I Capital to Total Assets 
 66,291 
 11.29 
 52,865 
 9.00 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Tier I Capital to Total Assets 
 35,338 
 10.64 
 28,235 
 8.50 

Dodd-Frank
Act 

The
Company and the Bank are subject to the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank
Act. The Dodd-Frank Act has had a broad impact on the financial services industry, including significant regulatory and compliance changes
including, among other things, (1) enhanced resolution authority of troubled and failing banks and their holding companies; (2) changes
to capital and liquidity requirements; (3) changes to regulatory examination fees; (4) changes to assessments to be paid to the FDIC
for federal deposit insurance; and (5) numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthening
safety and soundness for, the financial services sector. 

The
following items provide a brief description of the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on the Bank s operations and activities, both currently
and prospectively. 

Increased
Capital Standards and Enhanced Supervision . The
Dodd-Frank Act revised capital rules became effective for community banks
with assets less than 10 billion and their holding companies pursuant to the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and standards adopted
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (referred to as Basel III ). The Dodd-Frank Act also increased regulatory
oversight, supervision and examination of banks, bank holding companies and their respective subsidiaries by the appropriate regulatory
agency. Compliance with new regulatory requirements and expanded examination processes could increase the Company s cost of operations. 

6 

The
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . The Dodd-Frank Act created a new, independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the
Bureau, within the Federal Reserve. The Bureau is tasked with establishing and implementing rules and regulations under certain federal
consumer protection laws with respect to the conduct of providers of certain consumer financial products and services. The Bureau has
rulemaking authority over many of the statutes governing products and services offered to bank consumers. Generally, we will not be directly
subject to the rules and regulations of the Bureau. However, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and
regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the Bureau and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer
protection rules adopted by the Bureau against certain state-chartered institutions. Any such new regulations could increase the cost
of operations and, as a result, could limit the Bank s ability to expand into these products and services. 

Deposit
Insurance . The Dodd-Frank Act made permanent the 250,000 deposit insurance limit for insured deposits. Amendments to the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act also revised the assessment base against which an insured depository institution s deposit
insurance premium paid to the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF is calculated. Under the amendments, the
assessment base will be its average consolidated total assets less its average tangible equity. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act
made changes to the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 percent to 1.35 percent of the
estimated amount of total insured deposits, and eliminated the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions
when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. The Dodd-Frank Act also provides that depository institutions may pay interest on
demand deposits, which assists the Bank in obtaining more deposits. In December 2022, the Bank began participating as a member of
the IntraFi Network, which is the largest provider of reciprocal deposits. With IntraFi s reciprocal deposit services, the
Bank can offer depositors access to FDIC insurance well beyond the standard maximum of 250,000 for funds placed into demand deposit
accounts, money market deposit accounts, or CDs. 

Transactions
with Affiliates . The Dodd-Frank Act enhanced the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates under Sections 23A and 23B
of the Federal Reserve Act, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions and increasing the amount
of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. 

Transactions
with Insiders . Insider transaction limitations were expanded through the strengthening on loan restrictions to insiders and the expansion
of the types of transactions subject to the various limits. 

Enhanced
Lending Limits . The Dodd-Frank Act strengthened the existing limits on a depository institution s credit exposure to one borrower.
The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the scope of these restrictions to include credit exposure arising from derivative transactions, repurchase
agreements, and securities lending and borrowing transactions. 

Company
Regulation 

General .
As a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA ), the Company is subject to the
regulation and supervision of, and inspection by, the Federal Reserve Board Federal Reserve ). The Company is also required
to file with the Federal Reserve annual reports and other information regarding its business operations, and those of its subsidiaries.
In the past, the BHCA limited the activities of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries to activities which were limited to banking,
managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for their subsidiaries or engaging in any other activity
which the Federal Reserve determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be properly incidental
thereto. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 which is discussed below, bank holding companies have the opportunity
to seek broadened authority, subject to limitations on investment, to engage in activities that are financial in nature 
if all of their subsidiary depository institutions are well capitalized, well managed, and have at least a satisfactory rating under
the Community Reinvestment Act, which is also discussed below. 

7 

In
this regard, the BHCA prohibits a bank holding company, with certain limited exceptions, from (i) acquiring or retaining direct or indirect
ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any company which is not a bank or bank holding company, or (ii)
engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or performing services for
its subsidiaries, unless such non-banking business is determined by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling
banks as to be properly incident thereto. In making such determinations, the FRB is required to weigh the expected benefit to the public,
such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency, against the possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration
of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, or unsound banking practices. Generally, bank holding companies,
such as the Company, are required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve to engage in any new activity not previously approved
by the Federal Reserve. 

Change
of Control . The BHCA also requires that every bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before it
may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank, if after such
acquisition it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank. In approving bank acquisitions
by bank holding companies, the Federal Reserve is required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of
the bank holding company and the banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the parties 
performance under the Community Reinvestment Act (discussed below) and various competitive factors. As described in greater detail below,
pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branch Efficiency Act of 1994 (the Interstate Banking and Branching Act ),
a bank holding company is permitted to acquire banks in states other than its home state. 

The
BHCA further prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal
Reserve Bank has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve,
the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act would, under the circumstances set forth in the presumption, constitute acquisition of control of the bank holding
company. In addition, any person or group of persons must obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA before acquiring
25 (5 in the case of an acquirer that is already a bank holding company) or more of the outstanding common stock of a bank holding
company, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over the bank holding company. 

Interstate
Banking and Branching . The Interstate Banking and Branching Act provides for nationwide interstate banking and branching. Under
the law, interstate acquisitions of banks or bank holding companies in any state by bank holding companies in any other state are permissible
subject to certain limitations. Florida also has a law that allows out-of-state bank holding companies (located in states that allow
Florida bank holding companies to acquire banks and bank holding companies in that state) to acquire Florida banks and Florida bank holding
companies. The law essentially provides for out-of-state entry by acquisition only (and not by interstate branching) and requires the
acquired Florida bank to have been in existence for at least three years. Interstate branching and consolidation of existing bank subsidiaries
in different states is permissible. A Florida bank also may establish, maintain, and operate one or more branches in a state other than
Florida pursuant to an interstate merger transaction in which the Florida bank is the resulting bank. 

Financial
Modernization . The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 (the GLB Act sought to achieve
significant modernization of the federal bank regulatory framework by allowing the consolidation of banking institutions with other types
of financial services firms, subject to various restrictions and requirements. In general, the GLB Act repealed most of the federal statutory
barriers which separated commercial banking firms from insurance and securities firms and authorized the consolidation of such firms
in a financial services holding company. The Bank has no current plans to utilize the structural options created by the
GLB Act. 

8 

Securities
Regulation and Corporate Governance . The Company s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and we are subject to restrictions, reporting requirements
and review procedures under federal securities laws and regulations. The Company is also subject to the rules and reporting requirements
of the NASDAQ Capital Market, on which its common stock is traded. Like other issuers of publicly traded securities, the Company must
also comply with the corporate governance reforms enacted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ Stock Market adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Among other things, these reforms, effective
as of various dates, require certification of consolidated financial statements by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
prohibit the provision of specified services by independent auditors, require pre-approval of independent auditor services, define director
independence and require certain committees, and a majority of a subject company s board of directors, to consist of independent
directors, establish additional disclosure requirements in reports filed with the SEC, require expedited filing of reports, require management
evaluation and auditor attestation of internal controls, prohibit loans by the issuer (but not by certain depository institutions) to
directors and officers, set record-keeping requirements, mandate complaint procedures for the reporting of accounting and audit concerns
by employees, and establish penalties for non-compliance. 

Bank
Regulation 

General.
 The Bank is chartered under the laws of the State of Florida, and its deposits are insured by the FDIC to the extent provided
by law. The Bank is subject to comprehensive regulation, examination and supervision by the FDIC and the Florida Office of Financial
Regulation, or the Florida OFR, and to other laws and regulations applicable to banks. Such regulations include limitations on loans
to a single borrower and to its directors, officers and employees; limitations on the types of activities a state bank can conduct; restrictions
on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair
conditions; and the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit. The Bank is examined periodically by the FDIC and the Florida OFR,
to whom it submits periodic reports regarding its financial condition and other matters. The FDIC and the Florida OFR have a broad range
of powers to enforce regulations under their jurisdiction, and to take discretionary actions determined to be for the protection and
safety and soundness of banks, including the institution of cease and desist orders and the removal of directors and officers. The FDIC
and the Florida OFR also have the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, consolidations, and similar corporate actions. 

Dividends .
 The Company s ability to pay dividends is substantially dependent on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company.
As a state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to dividend restrictions set by Florida law and the FDIC. Except with the prior approval
of the Florida OFR, all dividends of any Florida bank must be paid out of retained net profits from the current period and the previous
two years, after deducting expenses, including losses and bad debts. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, an FDIC-insured institution
may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or while it is undercapitalized. The FDIC and the Florida
OFR also have the general authority to limit the dividend payment by banks if such payment may be deemed to constitute an unsafe and
unsound practice. 

Loans
to One Borrower. Florida law generally allows a state bank such as the Bank to extend credit to any one borrower (and certain
related entities of such borrower) in an amount up to 25 of its capital accounts, provided that the unsecured portion may not exceed
15 of the capital accounts of the bank. Based upon the Bank s capital, the maximum loan the Bank is currently permitted to make
to any one borrower (and certain related entities of such borrower) is approximately 16.6 million, provided the unsecured portion does
not exceed approximately 9.9 million. 

Transactions
with Affiliates. Under federal law, federally insured banks are subject, with certain exceptions, to certain restrictions on
any extension of credit to their parent holding companies or other affiliates, on investment in the stock or other securities of affiliates,
and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral from any borrower. In addition, banks are prohibited from engaging in certain
tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit or the providing of any property or service. 

Change
of Bank Control. Florida law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval
of banking regulators. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank by tender offer or similar means
than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of financial institutions are less likely
to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that often result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other
companies. 

9 

Under
Florida law, no person or group of persons may, directly or indirectly or acting by or through one or more persons, purchase or acquire
a controlling interest in any bank which would result in the change in control of that bank unless the Florida OFR first shall have approved
such proposed acquisition. A person or group will be deemed to have acquired control of a bank (i) if the person or group,
directly or indirectly or acting by or through one, or more other persons, owns, controls, or has power to vote 25 or more of any class
of voting securities of the bank, or controls in any manner the election of a majority of the directors of the bank, or (ii) if the Florida
OFR determines that such person exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the bank. In any case where a proposed
purchase of voting securities would give rise to a presumption of control, the person or group who proposes to purchase the securities
must first file written notice of the proposal to the Florida OFR for its review and approval. Subsections 658.27(2) and 658.28(3), Florida
Statutes, refer to a potential change of control of a financial institution at a 10 or more threshold and rebuttable presumption of
control. Accordingly, the name of any subscriber acquiring more than 10 of the voting securities of the Bank must be submitted to the
Florida OFR for prior approval. 

USA
Patriot Act . The Bank is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, which was enacted in 2001 to provide the
federal government with powers to prevent, detect, and prosecute terrorism and international money laundering, and has resulted in promulgation
of several regulations that have a direct impact on banks. There are a number of programs that financial institutions must have in place
such as: (i) Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering programs to manage risk; (ii) Customer Identification Programs to determine the true
identity of customers, document and verify the information, and determine whether the customer appears on any federal government list
of known or suspected terrorist or terrorist organizations; and (iii) monitoring for the timely detection and reporting of suspicious
activity and reportable transactions. The Bank has devoted substantial attention and resources to compliance with these laws. 

Other
Consumer Laws. Florida usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates limit the amount of interest and various other charges
collected or contracted by a bank. The Bank s loans are also subject to federal laws applicable to consumer credit transactions,
such as the: 

Federal Truth-In-Lending Act governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Community Reinvestment Act requiring financial institutions to meet their obligations to provide for the total credit needs of the communities
they serve, including investing their assets in loans to low and moderate-income borrowers; 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable public officials to determine whether
a financial institution is fulfilling its obligations to meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibitive factors in extending credit; 

Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act which requires lenders to disclose certain information regarding the nature and cost of real estate
settlements, and prohibits certain lending practices, as well as limits escrow account amounts in real estate transactions; 

Fair Debt Collection Act governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act which establishes additional rights for consumers to obtain and correct credit reports, addresses
identity theft, and establishes additional requirements for consumer reporting agencies and financial institutions that provide adverse
credit information to a consumer reporting agency; and 

10 

The rules and regulations of various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The
Bank s deposit and loan operations are also subject to the following: 

GLB Act privacy provisions, which require the Bank maintain privacy policies intended to safeguard consumer financial information,
to disclose these policies to its customers, and allow customers to opt-out of having their financial service providers
disclose their confidential financial information to non-affiliated third parties, subject to certain exceptions; 

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures
for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; and 

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E, which govern automatic deposits to, and withdrawals from, deposit accounts and customers 
rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 

Other
Regulation 

Enforcement
Powers . Congress has provided the federal bank regulatory agencies with an array of powers to enforce laws, rules, regulations
and orders. Among other things, the agencies may require that institutions cease and desist from certain activities, may preclude persons
from participating in the affairs of insured depository institutions, may suspend or remove deposit insurance, and may impose civil money
penalties against institution-affiliated parties for certain violations. 

Community
Reinvestment Act. Bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks are subject to the provisions of the Community Reinvestment
Act of 1977 (the CRA and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the appropriate bank regulatory agency. Under the terms
of the CRA, the appropriate federal bank regulatory agency is required, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess such
bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the community served by that bank, including low-and moderate-income neighborhoods.
The regulatory agency s assessment of the Bank s record is made available to the public. Further, such assessment is required
of any bank which has applied to charter a bank, obtain deposit insurance coverage for a newly chartered institution, establish a new
branch office that will accept deposits, relocate an office, or merge or consolidate with, or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities
of, a federally regulated financial institution. In the case of a bank holding company applying for approval to acquire a bank or other
bank holding company, the Federal Reserve will assess the record of each subsidiary bank of the applicant bank holding company, and such
records may be the basis for denying the application. 

Effect
of Governmental Monetary Policies 

The
Company s earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government
and its agencies. The Federal Reserve monetary policies have had, and will likely continue to have, an important impact on the operating
results of financial institutions through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation
or combat a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have major effects upon the levels of loans, investments and deposits
through its open market operations in United States Government securities and through its regulation of the discount rate on borrowings
of member banks. It is not possible to predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 

11 

Statistical
Profile and Other Financial Data 

Reference
is hereby made to the statistical and financial data contained in the sections captioned Selected Financial Data and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for statistical and financial data providing a review
of the Bank s business activities. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
Bank operates a main office and one branch office in Broward County, Florida, and currently plans to open an additional branch
office in Miami-Dade County in the third quarter of 2023. The following table sets forth information with respect
to the Bank s offices as of December 31, 2022. 

Location 
 
 Year
 Facility Opened 
 
 Facility
 Status 

Executive Office and
 Ft. Lauderdale Branch Office: 
 
 2019

Leased

2929 East Commercial Boulevard Suite 101,
 303, and 305 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308 

Deerfield Beach Branch
 Office: 
 
 2004

Leased

2215 West Hillsboro Boulevard
 Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 

Planned
 North Miami Beach Office: 

757 NE 167 th 
 Street, North Miami Beach FL 33162 
 
 _ 
 
 Leased 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time-to-time, the Bank is involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business. As of the date of the filing of this
Form 10-K, management is of the opinion that the ultimate aggregate liability in connection with any pending litigation will not have
a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

12 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
Company s common stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol OPHC. 

The
Company had approximately 881 record holders of its common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the Company issued 1,227,330 shares of its common stock in a private placement transaction to 11 accredited
investors at a price of 4.50 per share. None of these investors was an officer, director or affiliate of the Company other than Michael
Blisko and Moishe Gubin, who are directors of the Company. Mr. Blisko purchased 202,000 shares and Mr. Gubin purchased 190,000 shares.
The Company issued these shares in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public
offering. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued 674,222 shares of its common stock in a private placement transaction to four accredited investors
at a price of 4.50 per share. None of these investors was an officer, director or affiliate of the Company other than Steven Newman,
who is a director of the Company. Mr. Newman purchased 17,000 shares. The Company issued these shares in reliance on Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company issued 290,388 shares of its common stock in a private placement transaction to five accredited
investors at a price of 4.50 per share. None of these investors was an officer, director or affiliate of the Company. The Company issued
these shares in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. The
Company used the proceeds to make capital contributions to the Bank in order to augment the Bank s regulatory capital ratios. 

During
the first and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company issued a total of 600 shares of preferred stock to unrelated parties for an aggregate
purchase price of 15 million. The Company issued these shares in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. The Company used the proceeds to augment
the Bank s regulatory capital ratios. 

13 

The Bank is currently permitted to pay cash dividends subject to restrictions
imposed by the Florida Financial Institution Code and federal banking law based on the Bank s net earnings of the current year combined
with the Bank s retained earnings of the preceding two years. The Company is currently permitted to pay cash dividends subject to restrictions
under the Florida Business Corporation Act. The
Company does not plan to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Instead, the
Company intends to retain any income for the purpose of enhancing its financial position and supporting the growth of the Bank. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

General 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
Company s financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to accounting measurements and estimates of matters that
are inherently uncertain. When applying accounting policies in areas that are subjective in nature, the Company must use its best judgment
to arrive at the carrying value of certain assets. One of the most critical accounting policies applied by the Company is related to
the valuation of its loan portfolio and deferred income to valuation allowance. 

A
variety of estimates impact the carrying value of the Company s loan portfolio including the calculation of the allowance for loan
losses, valuation of underlying collateral, the timing of loan charge-offs and the amount and amortization of loan fees and deferred
origination costs. 

The
calculation of the allowance for loan losses is a complex process containing estimates which are inherently subjective and
susceptible to significant revision as current information becomes available. The allowance is established and maintained at a level
management believes is adequate to cover losses resulting from the inability of borrowers to make required payments on loans.
Estimates for loan losses are determined by analyzing risks associated with specific loans and the loan portfolio, current trends in
delinquencies and charge-offs, the views of the Company s regulators, changes in the size and composition of the loan
portfolio and peer comparisons. The analysis also requires consideration of the economic climate and direction, changes in the
economic and interest rate environment which may impact a borrower s ability to pay, legislation impacting the banking
industry and economic conditions specific to the counties the Bank serves in the State of Florida. Because the calculation of the
allowance for loan losses relies on the Company s estimates and judgments relating to inherently uncertain events, results may
differ from management s estimates. 

The
allowance for loan losses is also discussed as part of Loan Portfolio, Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses and
in Note 3 of Notes to the consolidated financial statements. The Company s significant accounting policies are discussed in Note
1 of Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company assessed its earnings history and trend over the past year and its estimate of future earnings.
In 2021, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would be realized in the near term. Accordingly,
in 2021, the valuation allowance in the amount of 4 million that has been previously recorded against the net deferred tax asset for
the amount not expected to be realized in the future was fully reversed. 

14 

Regulation
and Legislation 

As
a state-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation, or Florida
OFR, and the FDIC. The Bank files reports with the Florida OFR and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition, in addition
to obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions such as mergers with or acquisitions of other financial
institutions. Periodic examinations are performed by the Florida OFR and the FDIC to monitor the Bank s compliance with the various
regulatory requirements. The Company is also subject to regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. 

Loan
Portfolio, Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses 

The
Bank s primary business is making business loans. This activity may subject the Bank to potential loan losses, the magnitude of
which depends on a variety of economic factors affecting borrowers which are beyond its control. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the
Bank did not have any impaired loans. 

The
following table sets forth the composition of the Bank s loan portfolio (dollars in thousands): 

At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

of 
 
 of 
 
 of 

Amount 
 Total 
 Amount 
 Total 
 Amount 
 Total 

Residential real estate 
 50,354 
 11 
 32,583 
 13 
 28,997 
 20 
 
 Multi-family real estate 
 69,555 
 14 
 48,592 
 19 
 19,210 
 13 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 310,695 
 64 
 129,468 
 51 
 74,398 
 46 
 
 Land and construction 
 17,286 
 4 
 3,772 
 2 
 4,750 
 3 
 
 Commercial 
 5,165 
 1 
 14,157 
 6 
 21,849 
 14 
 
 Consumer 
 30,323 
 6 
 22,827 
 9 
 5,715 
 4 

Total loans 
 483,378 
 100 
 251,399 
 100 
 154,919 
 100 

Deduct: 

Net deferred loan fees 
 (367 
 
 (422 
 
 (544 

Allowance for loan losses 
 (5,793 
 
 (3,075 
 
 (1,906 

Loans, net 
 477,218 
 
 247,902 
 
 152,469 

The
following table sets forth the activity in the allowance for loan losses (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Beginning balance 
 3,075 
 1,906 
 2,009 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 3,466 
 1,173 
 1,020 
 
 Loans charged off 
 (901 
 (277 
 (1,184 
 
 Recoveries 
 153 
 273 
 61 

Ending balance 
 5,793 
 3,075 
 1,906 

The
allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of probable incurred losses inherent in the existing loan portfolio.
The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses charged to earnings and reduced by loans charged off, net
of recoveries. The allowance for loan losses represented 1.20 and 1.22 of the total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

15 

The
Bank evaluates the allowance for loan losses on a regular basis. The allowance for loan losses is determined based on a periodic review
of several factors: reviews and evaluation of individual loans, historical loan loss experiences, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio,
adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and current economic
conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information
becomes available. 

The
allowance consists of two components. The first component consists of amounts specifically reserved specific allowance for specific loans identified as impaired, as defined by FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 310 ASC 310 ). Impaired
loans are those loans that management has estimated will not be repaid as agreed upon. The Bank measures impairment on a loan by loan
basis for all of its loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. A loan may be
impaired (i.e. not expected to be repaid as agreed), but may be sufficiently collateralized such that the Bank expects to recover all
principal and interest eventually, and therefore no specific reserve is warranted. 

The
second component is a general reserve general allowance on all of the Bank s loans, other than those identified
as impaired. The Bank groups these loans into categories with similar characteristics and then applies a loss factor to each group which
is derived from the Bank s historical loss experience for that category adjusted for qualitative factors such as economic conditions
and other trends or uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable loss. The aggregate of these two components
results in the Bank s total allowance for loan losses. 

The
following table sets forth the Bank s allowance for loan losses by loan type (dollars in thousands): 

At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

of 
 
 of 
 
 of 

Total 
 
 Total 
 
 Total 

Amount 
 Loans 
 Amount 
 Loans 
 Amount 
 Loans 

Residential real estate 
 768 
 11 
 482 
 13 
 463 
 20 
 
 Multi-family real estate 
 748 
 14 
 535 
 19 
 253 
 13 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 3,262 
 64 
 1535 
 51 
 884 
 46 
 
 Land and construction 
 173 
 4 
 32 
 2 
 52 
 3 
 
 Commercial 
 277 
 1 
 74 
 6 
 103 
 14 
 
 Consumer 
 565 
 6 
 417 
 9 
 151 
 4 

Total allowance for loan losses 
 5,793 
 100 
 3,075 
 100 
 1,906 
 100 

Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans outstanding 
 
 1.20 
 
 1.22 
 
 1.23 

16 

The
following summarizes the amount of impaired loans (in thousands): 

At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Unpaid 

Unpaid 

Unpaid 

Recorded 
 Principal 
 Related 
 Recorded 
 Principal 
 Related 
 Recorded 
 Principal 
 Related 

Investment 
 Balance 
 Allowance 
 Investment 
 Balance 
 Allowance 
 Investment 
 Balance 
 Allowance 
 
 With no related allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

2,193 
 2,193 

Commercial 

With an allowance recorded: 

Residential real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial 

Total: 

Residential real estate 

Commercial real estate 

2,193 
 2,193 

Commercial 

Total 

2,193 
 2,193 

During
2022, 2021, and 2020, the average recorded investment in impaired loans and interest income recognized and received on impaired loans
were as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Average investment in impaired loans 
 
 658 
 3,344 
 
 Interest income recognized on impaired loans 
 
 7 
 96 
 
 Interest income received on a cash basis on impaired loans 
 
 7 
 89 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
represents an institution s ability to meet current and future obligations through liquidation or maturity of existing assets or
the acquisition of additional liabilities. The Bank s ability to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers and to benefit
from investment opportunities is facilitated through liquidity management. 

The
Bank s primary sources of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022, were payments of principal and interest on loans made by
the Bank to third parties, payments of principal and interest on debt securities held by the Bank and deposits made by third parties
at the Bank. Cash was used primarily to fund loans and repay Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB advances. The Bank
adjusts rates on its deposits to attract or retain deposits as needed. The Bank primarily obtains deposits from its market area. 

The
Bank may borrow funds from other financial institutions. The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which allows it to borrow funds under a pre-arranged
line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 10 million in borrowings outstanding from the FHLB of Atlanta to facilitate lending
and manage its asset and liability structure, and remaining credit availability with the FHLB of 125.7 million. At December 31, 2022,
the Bank also had lines of credit amounting to 19.5 million with five correspondent banks to purchase federal funds. 

17 

Debt
Securities 

The
Bank s securities portfolio is comprised of SBA pool securities, mortgage-backed securities, taxable municipal securities and collateralized
mortgage obligations. The securities portfolio is categorized as either held-to-maturity or available for sale. 
Debt securities held-to-maturity represent those securities which the Bank has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. These
debt securities are carried at amortized cost. Debt securities available for sale represent those investments which may be sold for various
reasons including changes in interest rates and liquidity considerations. These debt securities are reported at fair market value and
unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive loss. 

The
following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of the Bank s debt securities portfolio (in thousands): 

Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 
 At December 31, 2022: 

Held-to-maturity: 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 475 
 440 
 
 Mortgage-backed Securities 
 65 
 64 
 
 Total 
 540 
 504 
 
 Available for sale: 

SBA Pool Securities 
 834 
 817 
 
 Collacteralized mortgage obligation 
 145 
 130 
 
 Taxable municipal securities 
 16,729 
 11,620 
 
 Mortgage-backed Securities. 
 15,180 
 12,535 
 
 Total 
 32,888 
 25,102 
 
 At December 31, 2021: 

Held-to-maturity: 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 854 
 882 
 
 Mortgage-backed Securities 
 186 
 189 
 
 Total 
 1,040 
 1,071 
 
 Available for sale: 

SBA Pool Securities 
 1,097 
 1,072 
 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 210 
 217 
 
 Taxable municipal securities 
 16,766 
 16,426 
 
 Mortgage-backed Securities. 
 17,137 
 16,679 
 
 Total 
 35,210 
 34,394 

18 

The
following table sets forth, by maturity distribution, certain information pertaining to the debt securities portfolio at amortized cost
(dollars in thousands): 

After One 

Year 

Through Five 
 After Ten 

Years 
 Years 
 Total 
 Yield 

At December 31, 2022: 

Collateralized mortgage obligation 
 
 620 
 620 
 2.29 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 15,245 
 15,245 
 2.04 
 
 Taxable municipal securities 
 
 16,729 
 16,729 
 2.17 
 
 SBA pool securities 
 
 834 
 834 
 4.54 

33,428 
 33,428 

At December 31, 2021: 

Collateralized mortgage obligation 
 
 1,064 
 1,064 
 0.52 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 17,323 
 17,323 
 1.57 
 
 Taxable municipal securities 
 
 16,766 
 16,766 
 2.16 
 
 SBA pool securities 
 
 1,097 
 1,097 
 0.26 

36,250 
 36,250 

Expected
maturities of these debt securities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to call or repay obligations
with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Market
Risk 

Market
risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. The Bank s market risk arises primarily from interest-rate
risk inherent in its lending and deposit-taking activities. The Bank does not engage in securities trading or hedging activities and
does not invest in interest-rate derivatives or enter into interest rate swaps. 

The
Bank may utilize financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
customers. The measurement of market risk associated with financial instruments is meaningful only when all related and offsetting on-
and off-balance-sheet transactions are aggregated, and the resulting net positions are identified. Disclosures about the fair value of
financial instruments, which reflect changes in market prices and rates, can be found in Note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements. 

The
Bank s primary objective in managing interest-rate risk is to minimize the potential adverse impact of changes in interest rates
on its net interest income and capital, while adjusting its asset-liability structure to obtain the maximum yield-cost spread on that
structure. The Bank actively monitors and manages its interest-rate risk exposure by managing its asset and liability structure. However,
a sudden and substantial increase in interest rates may adversely impact its earnings, to the extent that the interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities do not change or reprice at the same speed, to the same extent, or on the same basis. 

The
Bank uses modeling techniques to simulate changes in net interest income under various rate scenarios. Important elements of these techniques
include the mix of floating versus fixed-rate assets and liabilities, and the scheduled, as well as expected, repricing and maturing
volumes and rates of the existing balance sheet. 

Asset
Liability Management 

As
part of its asset and liability management, the Bank has emphasized establishing and implementing internal asset-liability decision processes,
as well as control procedures to aid in managing its earnings. Management believes that these processes and procedures provide us with
better capital planning, asset mix and volume controls, loan-pricing guidelines, and deposit interest-rate guidelines, which should result
in tighter controls and less exposure to interest-rate risk. 

19 

The
matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are interest rate
sensitive and by monitoring an institution s interest rate sensitivity gap. An asset or liability is said
to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. The interest-rate sensitivity
gap is defined as the difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within a given
time period. The gap ratio is computed as the amount of rate sensitive assets less the amount of rate sensitive liabilities divided by
total assets. A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest-rate sensitive assets exceeds interest-rate sensitive liabilities.
A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest-rate sensitive liabilities exceeds interest-rate sensitive assets. During a
period of rising interest rates, a negative gap would adversely affect net interest income, while a positive gap would result in an increase
in net interest income. During a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would result in an increase in net interest income,
while a positive gap would adversely affect net interest income. 

In
order to minimize the potential for adverse effects of material and prolonged increases in interest rates on the results of operations,
the Bank s management continues to monitor its assets and liabilities to better match the maturities and repricing terms of its
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Bank s policies emphasize the origination of adjustable-rate loans,
building a stable core deposit base and, to the extent possible, matching deposit maturities with loan repricing timeframes or maturities. 

The
following table sets forth certain information related to the Bank s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at
December 31, 2022, that are estimated to mature or are scheduled to reprice within the period shown (dollars in thousands): 

Gap
Maturity / Repricing Schedule 

More than 

More than 
 Five Years 

One Year 
 and Less 

One 
 and Less 
 than 
 Over 

Year 
 than Five 
 Fifteen 
 Fifteen 

or Less 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 
 Total 
 
 Loans (1): 

Residential real estate loans 
 2,087 
 38,580 
 9,600 
 87 
 50,354 
 
 Multi-family real estate loans 
 701 
 65,755 
 3,099 
 - 
 69,555 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 14,870 
 255,340 
 40,485 
 - 
 310,695 
 
 Land and construction 
 - 
 13,688 
 3,598 
 - 
 17,286 
 
 Commercial 
 2,809 
 1,797 
 - 
 559 
 5,165 
 
 Consumer 
 892 
 21,683 
 - 
 7,748 
 30,323 

Total loans 
 21,359 
 396,843 
 56,782 
 8,394 
 483,378 

Securities (2) 
 816 
 - 
 5,632 
 19,194 
 25,642 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
 52,048 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52,048 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 600 

Total rate-sensitive assets 
 74,823 
 396,843 
 62,414 
 27,588 
 561,668 

Deposit accounts (3): 

Money-market deposits 
 60,020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,020 
 
 Interest-bearing checking deposits 
 47,224 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 47,224 
 
 Savings deposits 
 1,482 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,482 
 
 Time deposits 
 223,840 
 16,140 
 - 
 - 
 239,980 

Total deposits 
 332,566 
 16,140 
 - 
 - 
 348,706 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 - 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 Total rate-sensitive liabilities 
 332,566 
 26,140 
 - 
 - 
 358,706 

GAP (repricing differences) 
 (257,743 
 370,703 
 62,414 
 27,588 
 202,962 

Cumulative GAP 
 (257,743 
 112,960 
 175,374 
 202,962 

Cumulative GAP/total assets 
 (44 
 19 
 30 
 35 

1 
 In
 preparing the table above, adjustable-rate loans are included in the period in which the interest rates are next scheduled to adjust
 rather than in the period in which the loans mature. Fixed-rate loans are scheduled, including repayment, according to their maturities. 

2 
 Securities
 are scheduled through the repricing date. 

3 
 Money-market,
 interest-bearing checking and savings deposits are regarded as readily accessible withdrawable accounts. Time deposits are scheduled
 through the maturity dates. 

20 

The
following table sets forth loan maturities by type of loan at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

One Year or 
 After One But Within 
 After Five 

Less 
 Five Years 
 Years 
 Total 

Residential real estate 
 - 
 6,916 
 43,438 
 50,354 
 
 Multi-family real estate 
 - 
 2,635 
 66,920 
 69,555 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 2,802 
 44,001 
 263,892 
 310,695 
 
 Land and construction 
 - 
 1,529 
 15,757 
 17,286 
 
 Commercial 
 2,635 
 1,871 
 659 
 5,165 
 
 Consumer 
 772 
 21,684 
 7,867 
 30,323 

Total 
 6,209 
 78,636 
 398,533 
 483,378 

The
following table sets forth the maturity or repricing of loans by interest type at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

One Year or 
 After One But Within Five 
 After Five 

Less 
 Years 
 Years 
 Total 

Fixed interest rate 
 3,574 
 43,216 
 45,730 
 92,520 
 
 Variable interest rate 
 2,635 
 35,420 
 352,803 
 390,858 

Total 
 6,209 
 78,636 
 398,533 
 483,378 

Scheduled
contractual principal repayments of loans do not reflect the actual life of such assets. The average life of loans is substantially less
than their average contractual terms due to prepayments. In addition, due-on-sale clauses on loans generally give us the right to declare
a conventional loan immediately due and payable in the event, among other things, that the borrower sells real property subject to a
mortgage and the loan is not repaid. The average life of mortgage loans tends to increase, however, when current mortgage loan rates
are substantially higher than rates on existing mortgage loans and, conversely, decrease when rates on existing mortgages are substantially
higher than current mortgage rates. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations 

The
Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of
its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit, and standby letters of credit.
These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated
balance sheet. The contractual amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of the Company s involvement in particular classes
of financial instruments. 

The
Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments
to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments
as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

21 

Commitments
to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed-expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since certain commitments
expire without being drawn upon, the total committed amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates
each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary in order to extend
credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. 

A
summary of the contractual amounts of the Company s financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk at December 31, 2022 follows
(in thousands): 

Commitments to extend credit 
 15,447 

Unused lines of credit 
 17,400 

Standby letters of credit 
 4,313 

The
following is a summary of the Company s on-balance sheet contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 

Less 
 1-3 
 3-5 
 More Than 5 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Than 1 Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 Years 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 10,000 
 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 2,480 
 264 
 546 
 602 
 1,068 

Total 
 12,480 
 264 
 10,546 
 602 
 1,068 

Deposits 

Deposits
traditionally are the primary source of funds for the Company s use in lending, making investments and meeting liquidity
demands. The Company has focused on raising time deposits primarily within its market area, which is the area of Broward,
Miami-Dade, Palm Beach, Martin, and St. Lucie counties. However, the Company offers a variety of deposit products, which are
promoted within its market area. Deposits increased 215.4 million in 2022. The increase in deposit balances primarily consisted of
an increase of 35.1 million in noninterest-bearing commercial demand deposits and an increase of 226.7 million in time deposits.
These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 46.4 million in Savings, NOW and money-market deposits. The increase in
time deposits consisted of 165 million in deposits sourced through an online listing service and 61.7 million in deposits from
competitive offerings at our branch offices. 

The
following table displays the distribution of the Company s deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 

of 
 
 of 

Amount 
 Deposits 
 Amount 
 Deposits 
 
 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 159,193 
 31.3 
 124,119 
 42.4 
 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits 
 47,224 
 9.3 
 33,083 
 11.3 
 
 Money-market deposits 
 60,020 
 11.8 
 121,083 
 41.4 
 
 Savings 
 1,482 
 0.3 
 936 
 0.3 

Subtotal 
 267,919 
 52.7 
 279,221 
 95.4 

Time deposits: 

0.00 0.99 
 2,618 
 0.5 
 10,295 
 3.5 
 
 1.00 1.99 
 5,660 
 1.2 
 2,183 
 0.8 
 
 2.00 2.99 
 231,702 
 45.6 
 758 
 0.3 

Total time deposits (1) 
 239,980 
 47.3 
 13,236 
 4.6 

Total deposits 
 507,899 
 100 
 292,457 
 100 

(1) 
 Includes Individual Retirement
 Accounts (IRA s) totaling 1,537,000 and 1,207,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all of which are in the form
 of time deposits. 

22 

Time
Deposits of 250,000 or more, or Jumbo Time Deposits, are generally considered a more unpredictable source of funds. The following table
sets forth the Company s maturity distribution of time deposits of 250,000 or more at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Due three months or less 
 - 
 583 
 
 Due more than three months to six months 
 - 
 787 
 
 More than six months to one year 
 44,680 
 320 
 
 One to five years 
 2,656 

Total 
 47,336 
 1,690 

Analysis
of Results of Operations 

The
Company s profitability depends to a large extent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest received
on earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, principally deposits and borrowings.
Net interest income is determined by the difference between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing
liabilities interest-rate spread and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
The Company s interest-rate spread is affected by regulatory, economic, and competitive factors that influence interest rates,
loan demand, and deposit flows. The Company s results of operations are also affected by the provision for loan losses, operating
expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and other operating expenses including income taxes, and noninterest income
such as loan prepayment fees. 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding (i) the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning
assets and the resultant average yield; (ii) the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant
average cost; (iii) net interest income; (iv) interest rate spread; and (v) net interest margin. Average balances are based on average
daily balances (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Interest 
 Average 
 
 Interest 
 Average 

Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 

Balance 
 Dividends 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Rate 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 354,521 
 17,952 
 5.1 
 191,561 
 9,756 
 5.1 
 
 Securities 
 29,263 
 649 
 2.2 
 30,075 
 488 
 1.6 
 
 Other interest-earning assets (1) 
 64,989 
 1,281 
 2.0 
 42,399 
 145 
 0.3 

Total interest-earning assets/interest income 
 448,773 
 19,882 
 4.4 
 264,035 
 10,389 
 3.9 

Cash and due from banks 
 16,430 

19,169 

Premises and equipment 
 867 

3,045 

Other assets 
 4,480 

3,762 

Total assets 
 470,550 

290,011 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings, NOW and money-market deposits 
 152,588 
 669 
 0.4 
 129,792 
 533 
 0.4 
 
 Time deposits 
 83,324 
 2,565 
 3.1 
 16,970 
 118 
 0.7 
 
 Borrowings (4) 
 39,152 
 812 
 2.1 
 20,271 
 334 
 1.7 

Total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense 
 275,064 
 4,046 
 1.5 
 167,033 
 985 
 0.6 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 145,670 

93,758 

Other liabilities 
 3,014 

1,690 

Stockholders equity 
 46,802 

27,530 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 470,550 

290,011 

Net interest income 
 
 15,836 

9,404 

Interest rate spread (2) 

2.96 

3.3 

Net interest margin (3) 

3.53 

3.6 

Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest- bearing liabilities 

1.63 

1.58 

1 
 Includes interest-earning
 deposits with banks, Federal funds sold and Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends. 
 
 2 
 Interest rate spread represents
 the difference between average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 3 
 Net interest margin is
 net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 
 4 
 Includes Federal Home Loan
 Bank advances. 

23 

Rate/Volume
Analysis 

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding changes in interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. For
each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (1) changes
in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume), (2) changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (3) changes
in rate-volume (change in rate multiplied by change in volume) (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 versus 2021 

Increases (Decreases) Due to Change In: 

Rate 
 Volume 
 Rate/Volume 
 Total 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 (56 
 8,299 
 (48 
 8,195 
 
 Securities 
 179 
 (13 
 (5 
 161 
 
 Other interest-earning assets 
 691 
 77 
 368 
 1,136 

Total interest-earning assets 
 814 
 8,363 
 315 
 9,492 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings, NOW and money-market 
 35 
 94 
 6 
 135 
 
 Time deposits 
 405 
 460 
 1,582 
 2,447 
 
 Other 
 63 
 349 
 66 
 478 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 503 
 903 
 1,654 
 3,060 

Net interest income 
 311 
 7,460 
 (1,339 
 6,432 

Financial
Condition as of December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 

The
Company s total assets at December 31, 2022, were 585.2 million, an increase of 233.3 million from December 31, 2021. The
increase of 233.3 million in total assets primarily consisted of increases of 12.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, and
 229.3 million in net loans offset by a 9.2 million reduction in debt securities available for sale due to principal paydowns and
unrealized losses during the year. The Company experienced growth across the various loan types due to new organic originations. The
net increase in loans resulted from 21.0 million in multi-family real estate loans, 181.2 million in commercial real estate loans
and 17.8 million in residential real estate loans. The growth experienced in the loan portfolio is due to the
implementation of our relationship based banking model and the success of our lenders in competing for new business in a highly
competitive South Florida area. 

The
Company s total liabilities at December 31, 2022, were 522.6 million, an increase of 209.3 million from December 31, 2021. The
increase of 209.3 million in total liabilities was mainly due to an increase of 215.4 million in total deposits and a decrease of 8.0
million in Federal Home Loan Bank advances. 

The
Company s total stockholders equity at December 31, 2022, was 62.6 million, an increase of 24.1 million. The increase
of 24.1 was principally due to the Company s issuance of shares of Series B Participating Preferred Stock for an aggregate amount
of 15.0 million, issuance of common stock for an aggregate amount of 9.9 million and net income of 4.0 million, offset by an increase
in unrealized loss on debt securities of 5.2 million. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Bank had a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.29 . 

24 

Results
of Operations for Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / (Decrease) 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percentage 
 
 Total interest income 
 19,882 
 10,389 
 9,493 
 91 
 
 Total interest expense 
 4,046 
 985 
 3,061 
 311 
 
 Net interest income 
 15,836 
 9,404 
 6,432 
 68 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 3,466 
 1,173 
 2,293 
 195 
 
 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 12,370 
 8,231 
 4,139 
 50 
 
 Total noninterest income 
 2,960 
 1,774 
 1,186 
 67 
 
 Total noninterest expenses 
 9,938 
 6,936 
 3,002 
 43 
 
 Net earnings before income taxes (benefit) 
 5,392 
 3,069 
 2,323 
 76 
 
 Income taxes expense (benefit) 
 1,369 
 (3,227 
 4,596 
 142 
 
 Net earnings 
 4,023 
 6,296 
 (2,273 
 (36 
 
 Net earnings per share - Basic and diluted 
 0.68 
 1.61 

Net
earnings. The Company had net earnings of 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net earnings of 6.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recorded a provision for loan losses amounting to 3,446,000 during year ended December
31, 2022, which was largely due to the growth in the loan portfolio of 229.3 million. The Company recorded a provision for loan losses
amounting to 1,173,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Interest
Income. Interest income increased by 9.5 million to 19.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10.4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in loan volume. 

Interest
Expense. Interest expense on deposits and borrowings increased by 3.1 million to 4 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to the prior year. The increase in interest expense was caused by increased in interest rates paid on deposits and borrowings
offset by volume increases in deposits and borrowings. 

Provision
for Loan Losses. The provision for losses during the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 3,446,000. The provision for loan
losses is charged to earnings in order to bring the total allowance for loan losses to a level deemed appropriate by management to absorb
losses inherent in the portfolio. Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based upon historical experience,
the volume and type of lending conducted by us, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value
of the underlying collateral, loans identified as impaired, general economic conditions, particularly as they relate to our market areas,
and other factors related to the estimated collectability of our loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses totaled 5.8 million or
1.20 of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.1 million or 1.22 of loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

Noninterest
Income. Total noninterest income increased by 1,186,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1,774,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to service charges on deposit payment transactions. 

Noninterest
Expenses . Total noninterest expenses increased by 3,002,000 to 9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 1.8 million in salaries and
employee benefits during the year ended December 31, 2022. The headcount of full-time equivalent employees increased from 38 to 48.
Further, data processing and regulatory assessments and related costs increased 0.5 million and 0.7 million, respectively, during
the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in noninterest expenses is directly attributable to the growth of the Bank. 

Income
taxes (benefit). The Company recorded income tax expense of 1,369,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income
tax benefit of 3,227,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax benefit was the result of the reversal of a valuation
allowance that had previously been recognized. 

Impact
of Inflation and Changing Prices 

The
consolidated financial statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in
terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation.
Unlike most industrial companies, substantially all of the Bank s assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result,
interest rates have a more significant impact on its performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. However, inflation
affects financial institutions by increasing their cost of goods and services purchased, as well as the cost of salaries and
benefits, occupancy expense, and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market
value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings, and stockholders equity. Loan originations
and re-financings tend to slow as interest rates increase. As a general principle, higher, interest rates are likely to reduce
the Company s earnings. 

25 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 OptimumBank
Holdings, Inc. 

 Fort
Lauderdale, Florida: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity
and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud,
the Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

26 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Evaluation
of General Reserve Portion of the Allowance for Loan Losses - Evaluation of the Qualitative Adjustments 

As
described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management determines the general reserve portion of the allowance
for loan losses using actual historical loss experience for each individual loan category, as well as evaluating whether qualitative
adjustments are necessary. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 5.8 million which consists of two components:
the allowance for loans individually evaluated for impairment special reserves ), and the allowance for loans collectively
evaluated for impairment general reserve ), representing 5.8 million. The general reserve covers loans that are not individually
classified as impaired. In evaluating whether qualitative adjustments are necessary, management considers (1) changes in national, regional
and local economic conditions that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio (2) changes in collateral value of loans (3) changes
in lending policies and procedures, risk selection and underwriting standards (4) changes in the volume and severity of past due loans,
nonaccrual loans or loans classified special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss (5) the existence and effect of any concentrations
of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations (6) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio and terms of loans,
(7) changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff, (8) quality of loan review, (9) the
effect of other external factors, trends or uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses, such as competition
and industry conditions. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the evaluation of qualitative adjustments used
in the calculation of the general reserve portion of the allowance for loan losses is a critical audit matter are as follows: Significant
judgment used by management when evaluating the qualitative adjustments, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the qualitative adjustments. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included among others, testing management s process for evaluating qualitative adjustments
by (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology management used in evaluating the qualitative adjustments, (ii) testing the
inputs used in the estimate of qualitative adjustments, including the completeness and accuracy of underlying historical loss data, and
(iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative adjustments given current microeconomic trends and portfolio characteristics. 

(PCAOB
ID: 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2000. 

March 6, 2023 

27 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Debt securities available for sale 

Debt securities held-to-maturity (fair value of and 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of and 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Premises and equipment, net 

Right-of-use lease assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

Deferred tax asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Liabilities: 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

Savings, NOW and money-market deposits 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Official checks 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 8 and 14) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: 

Series A Preferred, par value, shares issued and outstanding 

Series B Convertible Preferred, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock value 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

28 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Consolidated
Statements of Earnings 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest income: 

Loans 

Debt securities 

Other 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges and fees 

Gain on sale of premises and equipment 
 - 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expenses: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Professional fees 

Occupancy and equipment 

Data processing 

Insurance 

Regulatory assessment 

Other 

Total noninterest expenses 

Net earnings before income taxes (benefit) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net earnings 

Net earnings per share - basic and diluted 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

29 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in unrealized loss on debt securities: 

Unrealized loss arising during the year 

Amortization of unrealized loss on debt securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

Other comprehensive loss before income taxes 

Deferred income taxes 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

30 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands except per share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Preferred 
 Preferred 

Accumulated 

Stock 
 Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Total 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued for junior subordinated debenture interest payable 

Common stock issued in exchange for Trust Preferred Securities 

Net change in unrealized gain on debt securities available for sale, net of income taxes 

Amortization of unrealized loss on debt securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

Net earnings 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale 

Amortization of unrealized loss on debt securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

Net earnings 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

31 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 
(In thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Net accretion of fees, premiums and discounts 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Gain on sale of premises and equipment, net 
 - 

(Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Net decrease in operating lease liabilities 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

Increase in official checks and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of debt securities available for sale 

Principal repayments of debt securities available for sale 

Principal repayments of debt securities held-to-maturity 

Net increase in loans 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 

Redemption of FHLB stock 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in deposits 

Net decrease in FHLB Advances 

Proceeds from sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash transactions: 

Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of income taxes 

Amortization of unrealized loss on debt securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

Right-of use lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Issuance of common stock for Junior Subordinated Debenture 

Issuance of common stock for Junior Subordinated Debenture interest payable 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

32 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Then Ended 

of OptimumBank (the Bank ), a Florida-chartered commercial bank. The Company s only business is the operation of
the Bank. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank offers a variety of community banking services to individual and corporate customers through its two
banking offices located in Broward County, Florida. The Bank is planning to open an additional branch office in Miami-Dade County
in the third quarter of 2023. 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

per share (Level 3). 

Accrued
Interest Receivable. The carrying amount of accrued interest approximates its fair value (Level 3). 

Deposit
Liabilities. The fair values disclosed for demand, NOW, money-market and savings deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount
payable on demand at the reporting date (that is, their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate time deposits are estimated using
a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on time deposits to a schedule of aggregated expected
monthly maturities of time deposits (Level 3). 

Federal
Home Loan Bank Advances. Fair values of Federal Home Loan Bank advances are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based
on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowings (Level 3). 

Off-Balance-Sheet
Financial Instruments. Fair values for off-balance-sheet lending commitments are based on fees currently charged to enter into
similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing (Level 3). 

Unamortized portion of unrealized loss related to debt securities available for sale transferred to debt securities held-to-maturity 

Income tax benefit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

as of January 1, 2023, for the cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326. 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

Held-to-maturity: 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
 Debt Securities, Continued . 

Amortized Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 

At December 31, 2021: 

Available for sale: 

SBA Pool Securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

Held-to-maturity: 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

There
were sales of debt securities available for sale during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

At December 31, 2021: 

Available for Sale: 

SBA Pool Securities 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
 Debt Securities, Continued . 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrealized losses on and debt securities, respectively, were caused by market conditions.
It is expected that the debt securities will not be settled at a price less than the book value of the investments. Because the decline
in fair value is attributable to market conditions and not credit quality, and because the Company has the ability and intent to hold
these investments until a market price recovery or maturity, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired. 

The
Company s debt securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity all have contractual maturity dates which are greater than ten
years as of December 31, 2022. Expected maturities of these debt securities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers
have the right to call or repay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Multi-family real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Land and construction 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Deduct: 

Net deferred loan fees 

Allowance for loan losses 

Loans, net 

The
Company makes the majority of its loans to borrowers in Broward County, Florida and portions of Palm Beach and Miami-Dade Counties, Florida.
Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a significant portion of its borrowers ability to repay their loans and
meet their contractual obligations to the Company is dependent upon the economy in Broward, Palm Beach and Miami-Dade Counties, Florida. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(3)
 Loans, Continued. An analysis of the change in the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
follows (in thousands): 

Provision for loan losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending balance 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

Beginning balance 

Credit) provision for loan losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending balance 

The
balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment method as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows (in thousands): 

Residential Real Estate 
 Multi-Family Real Estate 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Land and Construction 
 Commercial 
 Consumer 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022: 

Individually evaluated for impairment: 

Recorded investment 

Balance in allowance for loan losses 

Collectively evaluated for impairment: 

Recorded investment 

Balance in allowance for loan losses 

At December 31, 2021: 

Individually evaluated for impairment: 

Recorded investment 

Balance in allowance for loan losses 

Collectively evaluated for impairment: 

Recorded investment 

Balance in allowance for loan losses 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(3)
 Loans, Continued. 

Residential
Real Estate, Multi-Family Real Estate, Commercial Real Estate, Land and Construction . All loans are underwritten in accordance
with policies set forth and approved by the Board of Directors (the Board ), including repayment capacity and source, value
of the underlying property, credit history and stability. Residential real estate loans are underwritten based on repayment capacity
and source, value of the underlying property, credit history and stability. Multi-family and commercial real estate loans are secured
by the subject property and are underwritten based upon standards set forth in the policies approved by the Company s Board. Such
standards include, among other factors, loan to value limits, cash flow coverage and general creditworthiness of the obligors. Construction
loans to borrowers finance the construction of owner occupied and leased properties. These loans are categorized as construction loans
during the construction period, later converting to commercial or residential real estate loans after the construction is complete and
amortization of the loan begins. Real estate development and construction loans are approved based on an analysis of the borrower and
guarantor, the viability of the project and on an acceptable percentage of the appraised value of the property securing the loan. Real
estate development and construction loan funds are disbursed periodically based on the percentage of construction completed. The Company
carefully monitors these loans with on-site inspections and requires the receipt of lien waivers on funds advanced. Development and construction
loans are typically secured by the properties under development or construction, and personal guarantees are typically obtained. Further,
to assure that reliance is not placed solely on the value of the underlying property, the Company considers the market conditions and
feasibility of proposed projects, the financial condition and reputation of the borrower and guarantors, the amount of the borrower s
equity in the project, independent appraisals, cost estimates and pre-construction sales information. The Company also makes loans on
occasion for the purchase of land for future development by the borrower. Land loans are extended for future development for either commercial
or residential use by the borrower. The Company carefully analyzes the intended use of the property and the viability thereof. 

Commercial .
 Commercial business loans and lines of credit consist of loans to small- and medium-sized companies in the Company s market
area. Commercial loans are generally used for working capital purposes or for acquiring equipment, inventory or furniture. Primarily
all of the Company s commercial loans are secured loans, along with a small amount of unsecured loans. The Company s underwriting
analysis consists of a review of the financial statements of the borrower, the lending history of the borrower, the debt service capabilities
of the borrower, the projected cash flows of the business, the value of the collateral, if any, and whether the loan is guaranteed by
the principals of the borrower. These loans are generally secured by accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Commercial loans are
typically made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business, which
makes them of higher risk than residential loans and the collateral securing loans may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in
value based on the success of the business. The Company seeks to minimize these risks through its underwriting standards. 

Consumer .
Consumer loans are extended for various purposes, including purchases of automobiles, recreational vehicles, and boats. Also offered
are home improvement loans, lines of credit, personal loans, and deposit account collateralized loans. Repayment of these loans is primarily
dependent on the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment
levels. Loans to consumers are extended after a credit evaluation, including the creditworthiness of the borrower(s), the purpose of
the credit, and the secondary source of repayment. Consumer loans are made at fixed and variable interest rates. Risk is mitigated by
the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(3)
 Loans, Continued. The following summarizes the loan credit quality (in thousands): 

Multi-family real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Land and construction 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

A December 31, 2021: 

Residential real estate 

Multi-family real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Land and construction 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

Internally
assigned loan grades are defined as follows: 

Pass 
 a Pass loan s primary source of loan repayment
 is satisfactory, with secondary sources very likely to be realized if necessary. These are loans that conform in all aspects to bank
 policy and regulatory requirements, and no repayment risk has been identified. 

OLEM 
 an Other Loan Especially Mentioned has potential weaknesses
 that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in the deterioration
 of the repayment prospects for the asset or the Company s credit position at some future date. 

Substandard 
 a Substandard loan is inadequately protected by the
 current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined
 weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Included in this category are loans that are current on their
 payments, but the Bank is unable to document the source of repayment. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the
 Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful 
 a loan classified as Doubtful has all the weaknesses
 inherent in one classified as Substandard, with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full,
 on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. This classification does not
 mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off
 this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. The Company charges off any loan classified
 as Doubtful. 

Loss 
 a loan classified as Loss is considered uncollectible
 and of such little value that continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset
 has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless
 asset even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. The Company fully charges off any loan classified as Loss. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(3)
 Loans, Continued. Age analysis of past due loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 

Multi-family real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Land and construction 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

At December 31, 2021: 

Residential real estate 

Multi-family real estate 

Commercial real estate 

Land and construction 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

The
Company had impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Commercial 

Total 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(3)
 Loans, Continued. No loans have been determined to be troubled debt restructurings (TDR s) during the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans modified and entered into TDR s within the past twelve months,
that subsequently defaulted during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Leasehold improvements 

Total, at cost 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Premises and equipment, net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold one of its branch locations to a third-party. The sale was completed in November 2021
for . In connection with the sale, the Company recorded a gain in the consolidated statements of earnings of in 2021. 

years and
do not offer options to extend the leases. The components of lease expense and other lease information are as follows (in thousands): 

Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(5)
 Leases. Continued Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases, reconciled to our discounted operating lease
liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less interest 

Total operating lease liability 

was approximately million and million at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

2025 

2029 

At
December 31, 2022, three FHLB Advances were structured advances with potential calls on a quarterly basis. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(7)
Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Available Credit Continued 

FHLB
advances are collateralized by a blanket lien requiring the Company to maintain certain first mortgage loans as pledged collateral. At
December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining credit availability of million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had loans pledged
with a carrying value of million as collateral for FHLB advances. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company also had lines of credit amounting to million with five correspondent banks to purchase federal
funds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no borrowings under these lines of credit. 

1 

1 
 
 Debt Securities available for sale 

2 

2 
 
 Debt Securities held-to-maturity 

2 

2 
 
 Loans 

3 

3 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

3 

3 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

3 

3 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposit liabilities 

3 

3 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

3 

3 
 
 Off-balance sheet financial instruments 

3 

3 

The
Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of
its customers. These financial instruments are commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit, and standby letters of credit and
may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance
sheet. The contract amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in these financial instruments. 

The
Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments
to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments
as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(8)
Financial Instruments Continued 

Commitments
to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Because some of the
commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary
by the Company, upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. 

Standby
letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The
credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit to customers is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities
to customers. The Company generally holds collateral supporting those commitments. Standby letters of credit generally have expiration
dates within one year. 

Commitments
to extend credit, unused lines of credit, and standby letters of credit typically result in loans with a market interest rate when funded.
A summary of the contractual amounts of the Company s financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk at December 31, 2022 follows
(in thousands): 

Unused lines of credit 

Standby letters of credit 

State 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Total Deferred Income tax expense (benefit) 

Total Income tax expense (benefit) 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(9)
Income Taxes Continued 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

State taxes, net of Federal tax benefit 

Other permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Allowance for loan losses 

Premises and equipment 

Nonaccrual loan interest 

Accrued expense 

Operating lease liabilities 

Unrealized loss on debt securities 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of use lease assets 

Loan costs 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company assessed its earnings history and trend over the past year and its estimate of future earnings.
In 2021, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would be realized in the near term. Accordingly,
the valuation allowance that was recorded and maintained against the net deferred tax asset for the amount not expected to be realized
in the future was fully reversed in 2021 in the amount of million. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(9) Income Taxes, Continued 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for Federal and Florida tax purposes
available to offset future taxable income. These carryforwards will begin to expire in 2029. A portion of the Federal and Florida net
operating losses are subject to Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 limitations. 

The
Company files U.S. and Florida income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal or state income tax examinations
by taxing authorities for years before 2019. 

in legal fees payable to a law firm owned by a director. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, related parties had approximately and , respectively, on deposit with the Company. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party loans totaled and , respectively. 

shares of common stock under the 2018 Plan, of which have been issued, and shares remain available for grant. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded compensation expense of with respect to shares issued to a director
and an executive officer for services performed. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded compensation expense of with respect to shares issued to a director
and an executive officer for services performed. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded compensation expense of 
with respect to 
shares issued to certain employees for services performed. 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(12) Regulatory Matters, Continued 

In
2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy,
the community bank leverage ratio framework (CBLR framework), for qualifying community banking organizations. The final rule became effective
on January 1, 2020 and was elected by the Bank. 

The
CBLR Framework removes the requirement for qualifying banking organizations to calculate and report risk-based capital but rather only
requires a Tier 1 to average assets (leverage) ratio. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the community bank
leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than required minimums will be considered to have satisfied the
generally applicable risk based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules (generally applicable rule) and,
if applicable, will be considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act. Under the CBLR Framework, the community bank leverage ratio minimum requirement is . Under the final rule, an eligible
community banking organization can opt out of the CBLR framework and revert back to the risk-weighting framework without restriction. 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Tier I Capital to Total Assets 

. There were matching contributions during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

At December 31, 2021: 

SBA Pool Securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Taxable municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no debt securities were transferred in or out of Level 3. 

Investment in subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Other liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(17)
Company Unconsolidated Financial Information Continued 

Condensed
Statements of Earnings 

Interest expense 
 - 

Other expense 

Income tax benefit 

Net earnings 

Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Increase in other liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Capital infusion to bank subsidiary 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of year 

Noncash transactions: 

Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss of subsidiary, net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of income taxes 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for Trust Preferred Securities 
 - 

(continued) 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and 
shares, respectively, of the Company s Series B Participating Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred at a
price of 
per share, or an aggregate of 
million during 2022 and 
during 2021 . The Preferred Stock has no par value. Except in the event of liquidation, if the Company declares or pays a dividend or
distribution on the common stock, the Company shall simultaneously declare and pay a dividend on the Series B Preferred on a pro
rata basis with the common stock determined on an as-converted basis assuming all shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been
converted immediately prior to the record date of the applicable dividend. The Preferred Stock is convertible into 
shares of common stock, at the option of the Company, subject to the prior fulfilment of the following conditions: (i) such
conversion shall have been approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Company; and (ii) such
conversion shall not result in any holder of the Series B Preferred Stock and any persons with whom the holder may be acting in
concert, becoming beneficial owners of more than 
of the outstanding shares of the common stock. The number of shares issuable upon conversion is subject to adjustment based on the
terms of the applicable Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred (the Certificate of Designation The
Series B Preferred has preferential liquidation rights over common stockholders and holders. The liquidation price is the greater of
 
per share of Series B Preferred or such amount per share of Series A Preferred that would have been payable had all shares of the
Series B Preferred had been converted into common stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation immediately prior to
a liquidation. . 

56 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based upon management s evaluation of those controls and procedures
performed within the 90 days preceding the filing of this Report, its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded
that, subject to the limitations noted below, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Such internal controls over financial reporting were designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The
Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based upon its evaluation under the framework
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Controls 

The
Company has made no significant changes in its internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting. 

(d)
Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The
Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure
controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

57 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The
Company has a Code of Ethics that applies to its chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer (who is also
its chief accounting officer) and controller. This Code of Ethics is also posted on its website at www.optimumbank.com/corpgovernance.html . 

A
list of the Company s executive officers and biographical information about them and its directors will be included in the definitive
Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of its fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information about its Audit Committee
may be found in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Information
relating to the Company s executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of its Board of Directors
will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information
relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of its common stock and information relating to the security ownership of
its management will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
Company has one equity compensation plan under which shares of its common stock were available to be issued at December 31, 2022. The
plan was previously approved by its shareholders. The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to
the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable pursuant to this plan. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information generally as of December 31, 2022, regarding securities to be issued on exercise of stock options,
and securities remaining available for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plan that was in effect during fiscal year
2022. 

Number of 

securities 

remaining 

Number of 

Weighted 

available
 for 

securities
 to be 

average 

future 

issued upon 

exercise 

issuance 

exercise
 of 

price of 

under the
 equity 

outstanding 

outstanding 

compensation 

Plan
 Category 
 
 options 

options 

plan 

Equity compensation
 plans approved by stockholders 

158,421 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Information
regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Information
regarding principal accounting fees and services will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

58 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (as amended to March 6, 2023) 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, effective as of October 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit to the Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019) 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, effective as of March 1, 2016 

3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, effective as of December 28, 2022 

4.1 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2004) 

4.2 
 Description of Securities 

4.3 
 Form of stock certificate (incorporated by reference from Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed with the SEC on August 12, 2004) 

10.1 
 OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 2, 2018) 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2011, between OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Moishe Gubin (incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2011) 

10.3 
 Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2013, between OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Moishe Gubin (incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2013) 

10.4 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Moishe Gubin (incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2011) 

10.5 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Investors (incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2011) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2010) 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer under 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer under 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

59 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant has caused this report to be duly signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Fort Lauderdale, State of Florida, on the 6th day of March,
2023. 

OPTIMUMBANK HOLDINGS, INC. 

/s/ Timothy
 Terry 

Timothy Terry 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Moishe
 Gubin 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Moishe Gubin 

/s/ Joel
 Klein 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Joel Klein 

/s/ Steven
 Newman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Steven Newman 

/s/ Moishe
 Gubin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Moishe Gubin 

/s/ Martin
 Schmidt 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Martin Schmidt 

/s/ Joel
 Klein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Joel Klein 

/s/ Avi
 M. Zwelling 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Avi M. Zwelling 

/s/ Michael
 Blisko 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Michael Blisko 

61 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

OPTIMUMBANK HOLDINGS, INC. 

[As amended through March 6,
2023] 

The undersigned, acting as incorporator,
and for the purpose of fermi corporation in accordance with Chapter 607, F.S., adopts the following Articles of Incorporation. 

ARTICLE I 

The name of the corporation
shall be OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and its mailing address and initial principal place of business shall be 10197 Cleary Boulevard, Plantation,
Florida 33324. 

ARTICLE II 

The purpose for which
the corporation is organized is to become a bank holding company and to conduct any and all business which lawfully may be conducted by
corporations under the laws of the State of Florida as now existing or as hereafter amended or modified. 

ARTICLE III 

(a) The aggregate number
of shares of stock of all classes that the corporation shall have authority to issue is 16,000,000 shares, of which 10,000,000 shares
shall be common stock, .01 par value per share Common Stock ), and of which 6,000,000 shares shall be preferred stock,
no par value Preferred Stock ). 

(b) The Board of Directors
of the corporation is hereby granted the authority, subject to the provisions of this Article HI and to the limitations prescribed by
law, to classify the unissued shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series of Preferred Stock and with respect to each such series
to fix by resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series the terms, including the preferences, rights and limitations,
of such series. Each series shall consist of such number of shares as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the
issuance of such series together with such additional number of shares as the Board of Directors by resolution or resolutions may from
time to time determine to issue as a part of the series. The Board of Directors may from time to time decrease the number of shares of
any series of Preferred Stock (but not below the number thereof then outstanding) by providing that any unissued shares previously assigned
to such series shall no longer constitute part thereof and restoring such unissued shares to the status of authorized but unissued shares
of Preferred Stock. 

(c) The authority of
the Board of Directors with respect to each series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following: 

(i) The number
of shares constituting that series and the distinctive designation of that series; 

(ii) The
dividend rate on the shares of that series, whether dividends shall be cumulative, and, if so, from which date or dates, and the relative
rights of priority, if any, of payments of dividends on shares of that series; 

(iii) Whether
that series shall have voting rights, in addition to the voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights; 

(iv) Whether
that series shall have conversion privileges, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provisions for adjustment
of the conversion rate in such events as the Board of Directors shall determine; 

(v) Whether
or not the shares of that series shall be redeemable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption, including the date or dates
upon or after which they shall be redeemable, and the amount per share payable in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different
conditions and at different redemption rates; 

(vi) Whether
that series shall have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of that series, and, if so, the terms and amount of such
sinking fund; and 

(vii) Any
other relative rights, preferences and limitations of that series. 

(d) The holders of
shares of each series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon liquidation or dissolution, or upon the distribution of the assets, of
the Corporation to such preferences as provided in the resolution or resolutions creating the series, and no more, before any distribution
of the assets of the Corporation shall be made to the holders of any other series of Preferred Stock or to the holders of shares of Common
Stock. Whenever the holders of shares of Preferred Stock of all series shall have been paid the full amounts to which they shall be entitled,
the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably in all the remaining assets of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IV 

The street address
of the corporation s initial registered office is 10197 Cleary Boulevard, Plantation, Florida 33324, and the name of the initial
registered agent at that office is Albert J. Finch. 

ARTICLE V 

The name and address
of the incorporator is Albert S. Finch, 10197 Cleary Boulevard, Plantation, FL 33324. 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.3>
 3
 ex3-3.htm

Exhibit
3.3 

ARTICLES
OF AMENDMENT 

 TO 

 ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. 

DESIGNATION
OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 

Pursuant
to Section 607.0602 of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the Act ), OPTIMUMBANK HOLDINGS, INC ., a Florida
corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors
of the Corporation (the Board of Directors by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (as further amended
from time to time (the Articles of Incorporation ), and in accordance with the provisions of Section 607.0602 of
the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA ), the Board of Directors unanimously adopted the following resolution
creating a series of its preferred stock, no par value: 

RESOLVED ,
that a series of the class of authorized preferred stock, no par value, consisting of 100 shares of the Corporation is hereby created,
and that the designation thereof and the rights, preferences, privileges and relative, participating, optional and other special rights
of the shares of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as may be amended from time to time, are as
follows: 

1.
 Designation . The designation of the series of preferred stock shall be 10.0 Series A Cumulative Preferred Stock (hereinafter
referred to as the Series A Preferred Stock ). Series A Preferred Stock will rank equally with any Parity Stock,
if any, and will rank senior to any Junior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event
of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 

2.
 Number of Shares . The Series A Preferred Stock is a single series of authorized preferred stock consisting of 100 shares. Such
number may from time to time be increased (but not in excess of the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock) or decreased
(but not below the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding) by further resolution duly adopted by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation and by the filing of an amendment
pursuant to the provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act stating that such increase or reduction, as the case may be, has been
so authorized. The additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock would form a single series with the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.
The Corporation shall have the authority to issue fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

3.
 Definitions . 

(a)
As used herein with respect to Series A Preferred Stock: 

(i)
 Business Day means each weekday on which banking institutions are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation
or executive order to close in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. 

1 

(ii)
 Certificate of Designations means this Certificate of Designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, as
it may be amended from time to time. 

(iii)
 Corporation means OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. 

(iv)
 Dividend Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. 

(v)
 Dividend Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. 

(vi)
 Junior Stock means the Corporation s common stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation
hereafter authorized over which Series A Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution
of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

(vii)
 Parity Stock means any other class or series of stock of the Corporation that ranks on a parity with Series A Preferred
Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

(viii)
 Series A Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 

4.
 Dividends . 

(a)
 Rate . Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation out of legally available assets, cumulative
cash dividends on the liquidation preference, which is 25,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. These dividends will be payable
annually in arrears, on December 31 of each year, with each such date being referred to herein as a Dividend Payment Date .
Dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock will accrue on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share at a rate per
annum equal to 10.0 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be declared, paid or set aside
for payment to the extent such act would cause the Corporation to fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable thereto, including
applicable capital adequacy guidelines. Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on
the books of the Corporation on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before the applicable Dividend Payment
Date, or such other record date, not exceeding 30 days before the applicable Dividend Payment Date, as shall be fixed by the Board of
Directors. A Dividend Period is the period from and including a Dividend Payment Date to but excluding the next
Dividend Payment Date, except that the initial Dividend Period will commence on and include the original issue date of the Series A Preferred
Stock. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a Business Day, then the Dividend Payment Date will be the next
succeeding Business Day and no additional dividends will accrue in respect of any payment made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(b)
 Cumulative Dividends . Dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be cumulative. Accordingly, if the Board of Directors
of the Corporation or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock
payable in respect of any Dividend Period before the related Dividend Payment Date, such dividend will be deemed to have accrued and
shall be thereafter payable in the manner specified in Section 4(a). 

2 

(c)
 Priority of Dividends . So long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, (i) no dividend shall be declared
or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on any Junior Stock, other than
a dividend payable solely in Junior Stock, (ii) no shares of Junior Stock shall be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration
by the Corporation, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock,
or the exchange or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock, and other than through the use
of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Junior Stock), nor shall any monies be paid to or made available
for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by the Corporation and (iii) no shares of Parity Stock shall be repurchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation otherwise than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a
pro rata portion, of the Series A Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Stock, during
any dividend period, unless, in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, all accrued and unpaid dividends on all outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set
aside. When dividends are not paid in full upon the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock, all dividends declared upon
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock shall be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared
per share shall bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for the then-current Dividend Period per share on Series A Preferred
Stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on Parity Stock, bear to each other. No interest will be payable in respect
of any dividend payment on shares of Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such
dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or any duly authorized
committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, may be declared and paid on any Parity Stock or Junior Stock from time to time
out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate
in any such dividend. 

5.
 Liquidation Rights . 

(a)
 Liquidation . Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to stockholders, after
satisfaction of liabilities to the Corporation s creditors, and subject to the rights of holders of any securities ranking senior
to the Series A Preferred Stock, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any other shares of stock
ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation
preference of 25,000 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Any holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be entitled to any further payments in the event of any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the affairs of the Corporation other than what is expressly provided for in this Section 5. 

(b)
 Partial Payment . In any such distribution, if the assets of the Corporation are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preference
plus declared and unpaid dividends in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of our
stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series A Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock and to the holders of all such other stock shall be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidating distribution
or owed to those holders plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

3 

(c)
 Residual Distributions . If the liquidation preference plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock has
been paid in full to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock and any other shares of our stock ranking equally as to the liquidation
distribution, the holders of Junior Stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation according to their respective
rights and preferences. 

(d)
 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets Not Liquidation . 

(i)
The following events shall be considered a liquidation under this Section 5: 

(A)
Any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization,
in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50 of the
Company s voting power immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or any transaction or series of related
transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50 of the Company s voting power is transferred
(an Acquisition ); or 

(B)
A sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (an Asset Transfer ). 

(ii)
In either of such events, if the consideration received by the Company is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows: 

(A)
Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (B) below: 

(1)
If traded on a national securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on exchange
over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; 

(2)
If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable)
over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and 

(3)
If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

(B)
The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions
arising solely by virtue of a shareholder s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (A) (1), (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined
by the Board of Directors. 

4 

6.
 Voting Rights . Except as provided below and otherwise provided by law, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have no
voting rights. 

(a)
 Supermajority Voting Rights Amendments . The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, shall be required to amend the provisions
of the Articles of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designations or any other certificate amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto
(including any certificate of designations or any similar document relating to any series of preferred stock) so as to materially and
adversely affect the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any
increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series A Preferred Stock or authorized common or preferred stock of the Corporation
or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with
and/or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative)
and/or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation will not be deemed to adversely affect
the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

(b)
 Supermajority Voting Rights Priority . The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as a single class without regard to series,
shall be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or authorize any obligation or security convertible
into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and
all other Parity Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation. 

(c)
The voting rights granted in Sections 6(a) and (b) shall not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such
vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called
for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Corporation for the benefit of the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 

7.
 Conversion . The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any rights to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares
of any other class of capital stock of the Corporation. 

8.
 Rank . Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Articles of Incorporation or this Articles of Designations to the contrary, the
Board of Directors of the Corporation or any authorized committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, without the vote of the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, may authorize and issue additional shares of Junior Stock, Parity Stock or, subject to the voting
rights granted in Section 6, any class of securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and the distribution
of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 

9.
 Unissued or Reacquired Shares . Shares of Series A Preferred Stock not issued or which have been issued and converted, redeemed
or otherwise purchased or acquired by the Corporation shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred
stock without designation as to series. 

10.
 No Sinking Fund . Shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not subject to any mandatory redemption sinking fund or other similar
provision. 

5 

11.
 Preemptive Rights . The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares
of the Corporation s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any
such capital stock. 

12.
 Record Holders . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred
Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any share of Series A Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes,
and neither the Corporation nor such transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

13.
 Notices . All notices or communications in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing
and delivered in person or by first class mail or if giving in such other manner as may be permitted herein, in the Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws of the Corporation or by applicable law. 

14.
 Stock Certificates . The Corporation may at its option issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock without certificates. 

15.
 Other Rights . The Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any powers, preferences, privileges or rights other than as set forth
herein or in the Articles of Incorporation or as provided by applicable law. 

Effective
Date of Amendment . The Amendment shall become effective on the date these Articles of Amendment are filed with the Department of
State of the State of Florida. 

Board
Approval . The Amendment was duly adopted by the Board of Directors on February [__], 2016. Pursuant to Section 607.0602 of the FBCA,
no shareholder approval was required. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. has executed these Articles of Amendment as of the 1 st day of March, 2016. 

OPTIMUMBANK
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Joel Klein 

Its:
 
 Director 

Name:
 
 Joel
 Klein 

7 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-3.4>
 4
 ex3-4.htm

Exhibit
3.4 

OPTIMUMBANK
HOLDINGS, INC. 

ARTICLES
OF AMENDMENT 

 TO 

 ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION 

FIFTH
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

 OF 

 SERIES
B PREFERRED STOCK 

Pursuant
to Section 607.0602 of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the Act ), OPTIMUMBANK HOLDINGS, INC ., a Florida
corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors
of the Corporation (the Board of Directors by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (as further amended
from time to time (the Articles of Incorporation ), and in accordance with the provisions of Section 607.0602 of
the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA ), the Board of Directors duly adopted the following resolutions: 

WHEREAS,
the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to
6,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value, of the Corporation Preferred Stock in one or more series, and
expressly authorizes the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ), subject to limitations prescribed by
law, to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock, and, with respect to each such series,
to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in any series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences, powers,
restrictions, and limitations of the shares of such series; and 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the authority granted to the Board under the Articles of Incorporation and the FBCA, the Board previously established a series
of Preferred Stock designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to a Certificate of Designation (the Original Certificate of Designation filed by the Company with the
State of Florida Secretary of State on June 23, 2020; 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the authority granted to the Board under the Articles of Incorporation and the FBCA, the Board has previously amended and
restated the Original Certificate of Designation in order to increase the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock that the Company
is authorized to issue from 100 shares to 1,020 shares, pursuant to (i) an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation (the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Designation filed by the Company with the State of Florida Secretary of State on September 29,
2020, (ii) a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation (the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation filed by the Company with the State of Florida Secretary of State on December 28, 2020, (iii) a Third Amended and Restated Certificate
of Designation filed by the Company with the State of Florida Secretary of State on June 25, 2021 (the Third Amended and Restated
Certificate of Designation ); and (iv) a Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation filed by the Company with the
State of Florida Secretary of State on April 1, 2022 (the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation ). 

1 

WHEREAS,
the Board has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company: (i) to increase the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
that the Company is authorized to issue from 1,020 shares to 1,520 shares, and (ii) to designate the additional 500 of the shares of
Series B Preferred Stock as Series B-3 Preferred Stock , which shares shall have substantially the same rights, preferences,
powers, restrictions and limitations, except that the initial Conversion Price of the of the Series B-3 Preferred Stock shall be 4.50
per share; 

WHEREAS,
the holders of all of the shares of each series of the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior the filing of this Certificate
of Designation with the State of Florida Department of State have approved this Certificate of Designation and the amendments set forth
herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, it is hereby: 

RESOLVED,
that the Board hereby approves amendments to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation: (i) to increase the number of
shares of Series B Preferred Stock that the Company is authorized to issue from 1,020 shares to 1,520 shares, and (ii) to designate the
additional 500 of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock as Series B-3 Preferred Stock , with the rights, preferences, powers,
restrictions and limitations set forth in this Certificate of Designation; 

FURTHER
RESOLVED, the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

1.
 Designation . 

1.1
There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
B Preferred Stock ), and the total number of Shares constituting such series shall be one thousand five hundred and twenty
(1,520). The rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be as set forth in this
Certificate of Designation. 

1.2
The Series B Preferred Stock shall be divided into Series B-1 Preferred Stock , Series B-2 Preferred Stock 
and Series B-3 Preferred Stock . The Corporation shall be authorized to issue 760 Shares of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock, 260 shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock and 500 Shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, powers, restrictions,
and limitations of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock and the Series B-3 Preferred Stock shall be set forth
in this Certificate of Designation. 

2.
 Defined Terms .
For purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Articles
of Incorporation has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Board 
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Certificate
of Designation means this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation. 

2 

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Corporation. 

Convertible
Securities means any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, but excluding
Options. 

Corporation 
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Conversion
Price means the Series B-1 Conversion Price, the Series B-2 Conversion Price or the Series B-3 Conversion Price, as applicable. 

Conversion
Shares means the shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the Corporation then issuable upon conversion of the Series
B Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 7. 

Date
of Issuance means, for any Share of Series B Preferred Stock, the date on which the Corporation initially issues such Share
(without regard to any subsequent transfer of such Share or reissuance of the certificate(s) representing such Share). 

Holder 
means a Person that holds Shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Junior
Securities means, collectively, the Common Stock and any other class of securities that is specifically designated as junior
to the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation 
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 

Options 
means any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities. 

Person 
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, governmental authority, unincorporated organization,
trust, association, or other entity. 

Preferred
Stock has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Series
B Original Issue Price means, with respect to any Share on any given date, 25,000 (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, recapitalizations, or similar transaction with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock). 

Series
B Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1, consisting of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred
Stock, and the Series B-3 Preferred Stock. 

Series
B-1 Conversion Price has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

Series
B-1 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. 

Series
B-2 Conversion Price has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

Series
B-2 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. 

3 

Series
B-3 Conversion Price has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

Series
B-3 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. 

Share 
means any share of Series B Preferred Stock, including any share of Series B-1, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and Series B-3 Preferred
Stock. 

Subsidiary 
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which a majority of the outstanding shares or other equity interests having the
power to vote for directors or comparable managers are owned, directly or indirectly, by the first Person. 

Supermajority
Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a)(1). 

3.
 Rank .
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Certificate of Designation, all Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock shall rank senior
to all Junior Securities, with respect to payment or distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation,
whether voluntary or involuntary. 

4.
 Dividends . 

4.1
 Participating Dividends . Except as otherwise
provided in Section 5.1, if the Corporation declares or pays a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, whether such dividend or
distribution is payable in cash, securities or other property, but excluding any dividend or distribution payable on the Common Stock
in shares of Common Stock, the Corporation shall simultaneously declare and pay a dividend on the Series B Preferred Stock on a pro rata
basis with the Common Stock determined on an as-converted basis assuming all Shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been converted pursuant
to Section 7 as of immediately prior to the record date of the applicable dividend (or if no record date is fixed, the date as of which
the record holders of Common Stock entitled to such dividends are to be determined). 

5.
 Liquidation . 

5.1
 Liquidation . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (a Liquidation ), each Holder of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock
then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, before
any payment shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per Share equal to the
greater of (i) the Series B Original Issue Price, or (ii) such amount per Share as would have been payable to such Holder had all Shares
of Series B Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 7 immediately prior to such Liquidation (the amount
payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the Series B Liquidation Amount ). 

5.2
 Insufficient Assets . If upon any Liquidation
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the Holders of the
Shares of Series B Preferred Stock the full preferential amount to which they are entitled under Section 5.1, (a) the Holders of the
Shares shall share ratably in any distribution of the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation in proportion to the respective full
preferential amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the Series B Preferred Stock in the aggregate upon such Liquidation
if all amounts payable on or with respect to such Shares were paid in full, and (b) the Corporation shall not make or agree to make any
payments to the holders of Junior Securities. 

4 

5.3
 Notice . 

(a)
 Notice Requirement . In the event of any Liquidation, the Corporation shall, within ten (10) days of the date the Board approves
such action, or no later than twenty (20) days of any stockholders meeting called to approve such action, or within twenty (20)
days of the commencement of any involuntary proceeding, whichever is earlier, give each Holder of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock
written notice of the proposed action. Such written notice shall describe the material terms and conditions of such proposed action,
including a description of the stock, cash, and property to be received by the Holders of Shares upon consummation of the proposed action
and the date of delivery thereof. If any material change in the facts set forth in the initial notice shall occur, the Corporation shall
promptly give written notice to each Holder of Shares of such material change. 

(b)
 Notice Waiting Period . The Corporation shall not consummate any voluntary Liquidation of the Corporation before the expiration
of thirty (30) days after the mailing of the initial notice or ten (10) days after the mailing of any subsequent written notice, whichever
is later; provided , that any such period may be shortened upon the written consent of the Holders of all the outstanding Shares. 

6.
 Voting . 

6.1
Except as provided below and otherwise provided by law, the Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 

(a)
 Supermajority Voting Rights Amendments . The affirmative vote or consent of (i) the Holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of
the Shares of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, (ii)the Holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the Shares of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock,
and (iii) the Holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the Shares of the Series B-3 Preferred Stock, at the time outstanding, voting as
separate classes (each, a Supermajority Interest ), shall be required to amend the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation or this Certificate of Designation or any other certificate amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto (including any certificate
of designation or any similar document relating to any series of preferred stock) so as to materially and adversely affect the rights,
preferences or privileges of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, or Series B-3 Preferred Stock, as applicable;
provided, however, that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock,
or Series B-3 Preferred Stock, or the authorized Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the Corporation or the creation and issuance, or
an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of Preferred Stock ranking equally with and/or junior to the Series B
Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and/or the distribution
of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation will not be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences,
privileges or rights of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, or Series B-3 Preferred Stock. 

5 

(b)
 Supermajority Voting Rights Priority . The affirmative vote or consent of a Supermajority Interest of the Series B-1 Preferred
Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and the Series B-3 Preferred Stock, shall be required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized
amount of, or to issue or authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series
of stock ranking senior to the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets
upon any Liquidation of the Corporation. 

7.
 Conversion . 

7.1
 Right to Convert . 

(a)
Subject to the provisions of this Section 7, including fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2, at any time and from time
to time on or after the Date of Issuance, the Corporation shall have the right to convert all or any portion of the outstanding Shares
of Series B Preferred Stock (including any fraction of a Share) held by the Holders into an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
(including any fraction of a share) as is determined by (i) multiplying the number of Shares (including any fraction of a Share) to be
converted by the Series B Original Issue Price thereof, and then (ii) dividing the result by the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such conversion. The initial conversion price per Share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock (the Series B-1 Conversion Price shall be 2.50 per Share, the initial conversion price per Share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock (the Series B-2 Conversion Price shall be 4.00 per Share, and the initial conversion price per Share of Series B-3 Preferred Stock (the Series B-3 Conversion
Price shall be 4.50 per Share, in each case subject to adjustment as applicable in accordance with Section 7.6 below. In
the event that the Corporation elects to convert less than all of the outstanding Shares of Series B Preferred Stock into Common Stock,
the number of Shares held by each Holder to be converted shall be determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 7.2. 

(b)
 Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. In lieu
of any fractional shares to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied
by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Whether
or not fractional shares would be issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock the Holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion. 

7.2
 Limitations on Conversion . The right of the Corporation to convert the Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock held by any Holder
under this Section 7 shall be subject to the prior fulfillment of the following conditions: 

6 

(a)
Such conversion shall have been by approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company; and 

(b)
Such conversion shall not result in such Holder and any Persons with whom the Holder may be acting in concert, becoming Beneficial Owners
of more than 9.9 of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock, unless the issuance of shares of Common Stock to such Holder and any
Persons with whom the Holder may be acting in concert, shall have been approved by any and all federal and state banking regulatory authorities
whose approval is required for the acquisition of such shares. For purposes of this subsection, the term Beneficial Owner 
shall have the meaning given to such term in SEC Rule 13d-3. 

7.3
 Procedures for Conversion; Effect of Conversion . 

(a)
 Procedures for Conversion . In order to effectuate a conversion of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 7.1,
the Corporation shall notify the Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock to be converted at least twenty (20) days prior to the effective
date of any conversion, that the Corporation has elected to exercise its right to convert the Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock,
the number of Shares held by the Holder that the Corporation has elected to convert and the effective date of the conversion of such
Shares (the Conversion Date ), provided that any such conversion shall be subject to the fulfillment of the conditions
set forth in Section 7.2. Upon receipt of such notice, each Holder of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted shall promptly
certify to the Corporation, the number of shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned by such Holder, and whether the Holder is acting
in concert with any other Person in connection with its equity interest in the Corporation. Additionally, upon receipt of such notice,
each Holder of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock in certificated form that are to be converted shall surrender such certificate or certificates
for such Shares (or, if such Holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and
agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation
on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice.
If so required by the Corporation, any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument
or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered Holder or by his, her or its attorney
duly authorized in writing. 

(b)
As soon as practicable after the Conversion Date and, if applicable, the surrender of any certificate or certificates (or lost certificate
affidavit and agreement) for Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall (a) issue and deliver to such Holder, or to his, her or
its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with
the provisions hereof and (b) pay cash as provided in Section 7.1(b) in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable
upon such conversion and the payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted. Such converted
Series B Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter
take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock accordingly. 

7 

(c)
All Shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted as provided in this Article 7 shall no longer be deemed outstanding as of the effective
time of the applicable conversion and all rights with respect to such Shares shall immediately cease and terminate as of such time, other
than the right of the Holder to receive shares of Common Stock and payment in lieu of any fraction of a Share in exchange therefor. 

7.4
 Authorization of Stock . The Corporation shall,
prior to the conversion of any Shares of Series B Preferred Stock, take all such actions as may be necessary to assure that the Corporation
has sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to permit the conversion of such Shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock. The Corporation shall take all such actions as may be necessary to assure that all such shares of Common Stock may be so issued
without violation of any applicable law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which
shares of Common Stock may be listed (except for official notice of issuance which shall be immediately delivered by the Corporation
upon each such issuance). 

7.5
 No Charge or Payment . The issuance of certificates
for shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 7.1 shall be made without payment
of additional consideration by, or other charge, cost, or tax to, the Holder in respect thereof. 

7.6
 Adjustment to Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price, Series B-3 Conversion Price and Number of Conversion Shares.
 In order to prevent dilution of the conversion rights
granted under this Section 7, the Series B-1 Conversion Price, the Series B-2 Conversion Price, and the Series B-3 Conversion Price,
and the number of Conversion Shares issuable on conversion of the Shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and
Series B-3 Preferred Stock, shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 7.6. 

(a)
 Adjustment to Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price and Series B-3 Conversion Price, and Conversion Shares upon
Dividend, Subdivision, or Combination of Common Stock . If the Corporation shall, at any time or from time to time after the Date
of Issuance, (i) pay a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common Stock or any other capital stock of the Corporation payable
in shares of Common Stock or in Options or Convertible Securities, or (ii) subdivide (by any stock split, recapitalization, or otherwise)
its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price,
and Series B-3 Conversion Price, in effect immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, or subdivision shall be proportionately
reduced and the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and
Series B-3 Preferred Stock, shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation at any time combines (by combination, reverse stock
split, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series
B-2 Conversion Price, and Series B-3 Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately increased
and the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and Series
B-3 Preferred Stock, shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 7.6(a) shall become effective at the close
of business on the date the dividend, subdivision, or combination becomes effective. 

8 

(b)
 Adjustment to Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price, and Series B-3 Conversion Price and Conversion Shares upon
Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation or Merger . 

(i)
In the event of any (i) capital reorganization of the Corporation, (ii) reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than
a change in par value or from par value to no par value or from no par value to par value or as a result of a stock dividend or subdivision,
split-up or combination of shares), or (iii) other similar transaction (other than any such transaction covered by Section 5 or Section
7.6(a)), in each case which entitles the Holders of Common Stock to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities
or assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, each Share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and
Series B-3 Preferred Stock, shall, immediately after such reorganization, reclassification or similar transaction, remain outstanding
and shall thereafter, in lieu of or in addition to (as the case may be) the number of Conversion Shares then convertible for such Share,
be exercisable for the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or assets of the Corporation or of the successor Person
resulting from such transaction to which such Share would have been entitled upon such reorganization, reclassification or similar transaction
if the Share had been converted in full immediately prior to the time of such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation or similar
transaction and acquired the applicable number of Conversion Shares then issuable hereunder as a result of such conversion (without taking
into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of such Share, if any); and, in such case, appropriate adjustment
shall be made with respect to such Holder s rights under this Certificate of Designation to insure that the provisions of this
Section 7.6(b)(i) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as possible, to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock
and Series B-3 Preferred Stock, in relation to any shares of stock, securities or assets thereafter acquirable upon conversion of the
Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock and Series B-3 Preferred Stock. The provisions of this Section 7.6(b)(i) shall
similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications or similar transactions. The Corporation shall not affect any such reorganization,
reclassification or similar transaction unless, prior to the consummation thereof, the successor Person (if other than the Corporation)
resulting from such reorganization, reclassification or similar transaction, shall assume, by written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Certificate of Designation, the obligation to deliver to the Holders of Series B Preferred Stock such cash,
stock, securities or other assets which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such Holders shall be entitled to receive upon
conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

9 

(ii)
In the event of any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another Person, in each case which entitles the holders of
Common Stock to receive cash, stock, securities or other consideration with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, each Share of
Series B Preferred Stock shall as a result of such consolidation or merger, be converted, without any action on the part of the Holder,
into the right to receive the cash, stock, securities or other consideration to which such Share would have been entitled upon such consolidation
or merger if the Share had been converted in full immediately prior to the time of such consolidation or merger (without taking into
account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of such Share, if any). 

(iii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to any corporate event or other transaction contemplated by the
provisions of this Section 7.6(b), each Holder of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have the right to elect to require the Company
to pay to the Holder the Series B Original Issue Price, instead of giving effect to the provisions contained in this Section 7.6(b) with
respect to such Holder s Series B Preferred Stock. 

(c)
 Certificate as to Adjustment . 

(i)
As promptly as reasonably practicable following any adjustment of the Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price, and Series
B-3 Conversion Price, but in any event not later than ten (10) days thereafter, the Corporation shall furnish to each Holder of record
of Series B Preferred Stock at the address specified for such Holder in the books and records of the Corporation (or at such other address
as may be provided to the Corporation in writing by such Holder) a certificate of an executive officer setting forth in reasonable detail
such adjustment and the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof. 

(ii)
As promptly as reasonably practicable following the receipt by the Corporation of a written request by any Holder of Series B Preferred
Stock, but in any event not later than ten (10) days thereafter, the Corporation shall furnish to such Holder a certificate of an executive
officer certifying the Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series B-2 Conversion Price, and Series B-3 Conversion Price, then in effect and
the number of Series B-1 Conversion Shares, Series B-2 Conversion Shares, and Series B-3 Conversion Shares or the amount, if any, of
other shares of stock, securities, or assets then issuable to such Holder upon conversion of the Shares of such Series B Preferred Stock
held by such Holder. 

(d)
 Notices . In the event: 

(i)
that the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable
upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution,
to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any
other security; or 

10 

(ii)
of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, of any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with or into another Person; or 

(iii)
of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up of the Corporation; 

then,
and in each such case, the Corporation shall send or cause to be sent to each Holder of record of Series B Preferred Stock at the address
specified for such Holder in the books and records of the Corporation (or at such other address as may be provided to the Corporation
in writing by such Holder) at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record date or the applicable expected effective date, as the
case may be, for the event, a written notice specifying, as the case may be, (A) the record date for such dividend, distribution, meeting
or consent, or other right or action, and a description of such dividend, distribution, or other right or action to be taken at such
meeting or by written consent, or (B) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the amount per share and character of such exchange applicable
to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock and the Series B-3 Preferred Shares, and the Series B-1 Conversion
Shares, the Series B-2 Conversion Shares and the Series B-3 Conversion Shares. 

8.
 Reissuance of Series B Preferred Stock .
Any Shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed, converted, or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any Subsidiary shall be cancelled
and retired as authorized and issued shares of capital stock of the Corporation and no such Shares shall thereafter be reissued, sold,
or transferred. 

9.
 Notices .
Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail
of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business
day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent (a) to the Corporation, at its principal executive offices
and (b) to any stockholder, at such Holder s address at it appears in the stock records of the Corporation (or at such other address
for a stockholder as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 9). 

10.
 Preemptive Rights . The Holders of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares
of the Corporation s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any
such capital stock. 

11.
 Record Holders . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and any transfer agent for the Series B Preferred
Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any share of Series B Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes,
and neither the Corporation nor such transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

11 

12.
 Other Rights . The Series B Preferred Stock shall not have any powers, preferences, privileges or rights other than as set forth
herein or in the Articles of Incorporation or as provided by applicable law. 

13.
 Amendment and Waiver . No provision
of this Certificate of Designation may be amended, modified, or waived except by an instrument in writing executed by the Corporation
and a Supermajority Interest of each of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock and the Series B-3 Preferred Stock,
and any such written amendment, modification, or waiver will be binding upon the Corporation and each Holder of Series B Preferred Stock;
 provided , that no such action shall change or waive (a) the definition of Series B Liquidation Amount, (b) the amount of dividends
payable on the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 4, or (c) this Section 13, without the prior written consent of each Holder
of outstanding Shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Effective
Date of Amendment . The Amendment shall become effective on the date these Articles of Amendment are filed with the Department of
State of the State of Florida. 

Board
and Shareholder Approval . The Amendment was duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at a meeting held on November
29, 2022, and by the written consent of the Holders of all of the outstanding Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock on December 28,
2022. Pursuant to Section 607.0602 of the FBCA, no other shareholder approval was required. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

12 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. has executed these Articles of Amendment on the 28th day of December, 2022. 

OPTIMUMBANK
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Moishe Gubin 

Its:
 
 Chairman 

Name:
 
 Moishe
 Gubin 

13 

</EX-3.4>

<EX-4.2>
 5
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

We
are a Florida corporation. The rights of our stockholders are governed by the Florida Business Corporation Act, or the FBCA, our amended
and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. The following summary of the material terms, rights and preferences
of our capital stock is not complete. You should read our amended and restated articles of incorporation, which we refer to as our charter,
and our bylaws, for more complete information. You should read these documents, copies of which are filed as exhibits to our annual report
on Form 10-K. 

Authorized
Capitalization 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of: 

5,000,000
 shares of common stock, par value .01 per share; and 

6,000,000
 shares of preferred stock, without par value. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 7,058,897 outstanding shares of common stock. 

Voting
Rights. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders. Our
bylaws provide that the presence of holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock entitled
to vote at a stockholders meeting shall constitute a quorum. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the NASDAQ listing rules or our articles of incorporation.
There are no cumulative voting rights. 

Dividends.
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to such dividends as the board of directors may declare from time to time out of funds
legally available therefor. Our ability to pay dividends depends upon the receipt of distributions from the Bank because we have no other
source of income. The rights of common shareholders to receive dividends are subject to the preferential rights of any preferred stock
that we may issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors is authorized, without further action of the stockholders, to issue from time to time shares of preferred stock in
one or more series and with such relative rights, powers, preferences, and limitations as the board of directors may determine at the
time of issuance. Such shares may be convertible into common stock and may be senior to the common stock in the payment of dividends,
liquidation, voting and other rights, preferences and privileges. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the
holders of common stock. For example, the issuance of preferred stock could be used in certain circumstances to render more difficult
or discourage a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or removal of incumbent management. Preferred stock may be issued with voting and
conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. 

Series
B Preferred 

The
Board has authorized a new class of preferred stock to be entitled Series B Preferred Stock. The Company will be authorized
to issue 1,520 shares of Series B Preferred. The Series B Preferred Stock is divided into Series B-1 Preferred Stock , Series
B-2 Preferred Stock and Series B-3 Preferred Stock . The Company is authorized to issue 760 Shares of Series B-1
Preferred Stock, 260 shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock and 500 Shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had
1,360 outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, consisting of 760 Shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, 260 shares of Series B-2
Preferred Stock and 340 Shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock. 

1 

Rank .
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred Stock, all Shares of the Series
B Preferred Stock rank senior to all Junior Securities, with respect to payment or distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary. Junior Securities means, collectively,
the Common Stock and any other class of securities that is specifically designated as junior to the Series B Preferred
Stock. 

Participating
Dividends . Except in the case of liquidation, if the Company declares or pays a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the
Company shall simultaneously declare and pay a dividend on the Series B Preferred Stock on a pro rata basis with the Common Stock determined
on an as-converted basis assuming all Shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been converted immediately prior to the record date of the
applicable dividend. 

Liquidation .
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (a Liquidation ), the
holders of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available
for distribution to its stockholders, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per Share equal to the greater of (i) the Series B Original Issue Price of 25,000, or (ii) such amount per Share
as would have been payable had all shares of Series B Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to such Liquidation
(the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the Series B Liquidation Amount ). 

Voting .
Except as provided below and otherwise provided by law, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will have no voting rights. 

Supermajority
Voting Rights Amendments . The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of all of the Shares of the Series
B Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class (a Supermajority Interest ), shall be required to
amend the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences or privileges
of the Series B Preferred Stock, taken as a whole. 

Supermajority
Voting Rights Priority . The affirmative vote or consent of a Supermajority Interest of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be
required to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or authorize any obligation or security convertible into
or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock with respect
to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon any Liquidation of the Company. 

Right
to Convert . Subject to the provisions of described below, at any time and from time to time on or after issuance, the Company shall
have the right to convert all or any portion of the outstanding Shares of Series B Preferred Stock into an aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock as is determined by (i) multiplying the number of Shares (including any fraction of a Share) to be converted by the Series
B Original Issue Price thereof, and then (ii) dividing the result by the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such conversion.
The initial conversion price per share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock was 2.50 per Share, the initial conversion price per share of Series
B-2 Preferred Stock was 4.00 per Share, and the initial conversion price per share of Series B-3 Preferred Stock was 4.50 per Share,
in each case subject to certain adjustments. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of the Series B Preferred
Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Limitations
on Conversion . The right of the Company to convert any of the Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be subject to the prior
fulfillment of the following conditions: 

(a)
Such conversion shall have been by approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company;
and 

2 

(b)
Such conversion shall not result in any holder of the Series B Preferred Stock and any Persons with whom the holder may be acting in
concert, becoming Beneficial Owners of more than 9.9 of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock. For purposes of this
subsection, the term Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in SEC Rule 13d-3. 

Reservation
of Stock . The Company shall at all times when any Shares of Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding reserve and keep available out
of its authorized but unissued shares of capital stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred
Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock. 

Adjustment
to Conversion Price and Number of Conversion Shares . The Conversion Price and the number of Conversion Shares issuable on conversion
of the Shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be subject to customary adjustments upon dividend, subdivision, or combination of common
stock, and upon any reorganization, reclassification, consolidation or merger. 

Preemptive
Rights . The holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of the Company s
capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Florida Law 

Section
607.0902 of the FBCA prohibits the voting of shares in a publicly-held Florida corporation that are acquired in a control share
acquisition unless the holders of a majority of the corporation s voting shares (exclusive of shares held by officers of
the corporation, inside directors or the acquiring party) approve the granting of voting rights as to the shares acquired in the control
share acquisition or unless the acquisition is approved by the corporation s Board of Directors. A control share acquisition 
is defined as an acquisition that immediately thereafter entitles the acquiring party to vote in the election of directors within each
of the following ranges of voting power: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; (ii) one-third or more but
less than a majority of all voting power; and (iii) more than a majority of all voting power. 

Sections
607.0901 of the FBCA contains an affiliated transaction provision that prohibits a publicly-held Florida corporation from
engaging in a broad range of business combinations or other extraordinary corporate transactions with an interested shareholder 
unless, among others: (i) the transaction is approved by a majority of disinterested directors before the person becomes an interested
shareholder; (ii) the interested shareholder has owned at least 80 of the corporation s outstanding voting shares for at least
five years; or (iii) the transaction is approved by the holders of two-thirds of the corporation s voting shares other than those
owned by the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is defined as a person who together with affiliates and associates beneficially
owns more than 10 of the corporation s outstanding voting shares. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

The
FCBA provides that the authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock of a Florida corporation are available for
future issuance without stockholder approval; however, such issuances by the Company are subject to various limitations imposed by the
NASDAQ Capital Market. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings
to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common
stock and preferred stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Election
and Removal of Directors 

Our
bylaws require a minimum of three directors with the number of directors at any time to be fixed by board resolution. Directors are elected
by a plurality of the votes cast at each annual meeting of our stockholders when a quorum is present. The FBCA provides that stockholders
may remove directors with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders called
for the purpose of removing the director when a quorum is present. 

3 

Board
Meetings 

Our
bylaws provide that the chairman of the board, president or the board of directors may call special meetings of the board of directors. 

Special
Shareholder Meetings 

Our
bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called by the chairman of the board, the president, or a majority of the board, and must
be called by the secretary upon a request in writing of stockholders owning at least ten percent of all our capital stock then issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote. 

Modification
of Rights of Common Shareholders 

Under
the FCBA, the rights of the holders of common shares authorized in a corporation such as the Company may be modified by a majority vote
of shares present at a shareholders meeting called for such purpose, except for most business combinations, including mergers,
consolidations and sales of substantially all of the assets of a corporation, which must be approved by the vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and any other affected class of stock of a Florida corporation. 

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Under
the FBCA, a corporation may indemnify its directors and officers against liability if the director or officer acted in good faith and
with a reasonable belief that his actions were in the best interests of the corporation, or at least not adverse to the corporation s
best interests, and, in a criminal proceeding, if the individual had no reasonable cause to believe that the conduct in question was
unlawful. Under the FBCA, a corporation may not indemnify an officer or director against liability in connection with a claim by or in
the right of the corporation in which such officer or director was adjudged liable to the corporation or in connection with any other
proceeding in which the officer or director was adjudged liable for receiving an improper personal benefit. However, a corporation may
indemnify against the reasonable expenses associated with such proceeding. A corporation may not indemnify against breaches of the duty
of loyalty. The FBCA provides for mandatory indemnification against all reasonable expenses incurred in the successful defense of any
claim made or threatened, regardless of whether such claim was by or in the right of the corporation, unless limited by the corporation s
articles of incorporation. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, regardless of whether the director or officer met the good faith and reasonable
belief standards of conduct set out in the statute. Unless otherwise stated in the articles of incorporation, officers of the corporation
are also entitled to the benefit of the above statutory provisions. 

Consistent
with Florida law, our bylaws provide for the indemnification of our directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol OPHC. 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED
BY RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report
 on Form 10-K of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f) for the Company and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within that entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors: 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Timothy Terry 

Timothy Terry 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: March 6, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 REQUIRED
BY RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report
 on Form 10-K of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f) for the Company and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within that entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors: 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Joel Klein 

Joel Klein 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date: March 6, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, as the Principal Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/
 Timothy Terry 

Timothy Terry 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: March 6, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, as the Principal Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/
 Joel Klein 

Joel Klein 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date: March 6, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ophc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ophc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ophc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ophc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

