<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_278165_0001493152-23-009866.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8405007</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178108</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1362347</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2590986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1924093</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2142476</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009866.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330195351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009866
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMNIQ Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000278165
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				020314487
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40768
		FILM NUMBER:		23782415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1865 WEST 2100 SOUTH
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-242-7272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1865 WEST 2100 SOUTH
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Quest Solution, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERIGO ENERGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STRATEGIC GAMING INVESTMENTS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009866.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

(Issuer s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None. 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of class 
 
 Trading
 symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares
of common stock were outstanding as of March 10, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 8 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 8 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 10 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 17 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENETARY DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 19 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 19 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 20 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 24 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 25 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 25 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 26 
 
 ITEM 16. SUMMARY 
 26 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements that are
not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may , could , would , should ,
 believe , expect , anticipate , plan , estimate , target ,
 project , intend , foresee and similar expressions. These statements include, among others, statements
regarding our expected business outlook, anticipated financial and operating results, our business strategy and means to implement the
strategy, our objectives, the amount and timing of capital expenditures, the likelihood of our success in expanding our business, financing
plans, budgets, working capital needs and sources of liquidity. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We believe that these risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These
factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Forward-looking
statements are only predictions and are not guarantees of performance. These statements are based on our management s beliefs and
assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Important assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements
include, among others, assumptions regarding demand for our products, the expansion of product offerings geographically or through new
marketing applications, the timing and cost of planned capital expenditures, competitive conditions and general economic conditions.
These assumptions could prove inaccurate. Forward-looking statements also involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. In addition, even if our actual results
are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, those results may not be indicative
of results or developments in subsequent periods. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Such factors include,
but are not limited to, the following: 

Our
 ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and conditions; 

Our
 ability to manage credit and debt structures from vendors, debt holders and secured lenders. 

Our
 ability to manage the growth of our business through internal growth and acquisitions; 

Competitive
 pressures; 

General
 economic conditions, including the overall effect of the current banking crisis; and 

Our
 ability to attract and retain management, and to integrate and maintain technical information and management information systems. 

Compliance
 with laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters, corporate governance matters and tax matters, as well
 as any future changes to such laws and regulations; and 

Other
 factors discussed under Item 1A Risk Factors or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except
as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), we are under no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after
we file this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. Investors, potential
investors and other readers are urged to consider the above-mentioned factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements
and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results or performance. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

OMNIQ
Corp., a Delaware corporation, formerly Quest Solution, Inc., together with its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries,
referred to herein as we , us , our, OMNIQ, or the Company, was
incorporated in 1973. Since its incorporation, the Company has been involved in various lines of business. 

Our
Company 

From
2008 to 2013, we were in the business of developing oil and gas reserves. In January 2014, we determined it was in the best interest
of our stockholders to focus on operating companies with a track record of positive cash flows and larger existing revenue bases. Our
strategy developed into leveraging management s relationships in the business world for investments for us. 

Since
2014, we have made the following acquisitions resulting in us becoming a leading provider of computerized and machine vision image processing
solutions: 

Quest
 Solutions, Inc. (January 2014) 

Bar
 Code Specialties, Inc. (November 2014) 

HTS
 Image Processing, Inc. (October 2018) 

EyepaxIT
 Consulting LLC. (February 2020) 

Dangot
 Computers Ltd. (July 2021) 

We
use patented and proprietary artificial intelligence (AI) technology to deliver data collection, real time surveillance and monitoring
for supply chain management, homeland security, public safety, traffic parking management and access control applications. The
technology and services we provide helps our clients move people, assets and data safely and securely through airports, warehouses, schools,
national borders, and many other applications and environments. 

We
offer end-to-end solutions that include hardware, software, communications, and full lifecycle management services. We are an established
manufacturer and distributor of barcode labels, tags, and ribbons, as well as RFID labels and tags. We provide printing solutions, credit
card terminals, automatic kiosks and point of care units. We also offer technical service and support. Our highly tenured team
of professionals has the knowledge and expertise to simplify the integration process for our customers, and our team delivers proven
problem-solving solutions backed by numerous customer references. We offer comprehensive packaged and configurable software, and we are
a leading provider of best-in-class mobile and wireless equipment. 

Our
customers include government agencies and leading Fortune 500 companies from diverse sectors, including healthcare, food and beverage,
manufacturing, retail, distribution, transportation and logistics, and oil, gas, and chemicals. Since 2014, our annual consolidated revenues
have grown to more than 100 million with clients in more than 40 countries. We currently address several billion-dollar markets with
double-digit growth, including the Global Safe City market, forecasted to grow to 29.6 billion, and the Ticketless Safe Parking
market, forecasted to grow to 5.2 billion by 2023. 

4 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to focus on operational excellence and cost reduction, addressing the balance sheet debt and putting together a business
plan that is based on revenue growth and technological leadership. We intend to continue to identify synergies within the Company to
offer a more complete line of products, services and technological solutions to customers throughout the United States and Israel. Furthermore,
the market in which OMNIQ operates is undergoing consolidation and OMNIQ has started identifying strategic companies in the data collection,
big data analytics and mobile systems integration market, as well as other complementary technologies for potential future acquisition
in order to become the leading specialty integrator within our served markets. 

We
are a provider of products and solutions to two main markets: supply chain management and smart/safe city. We have expanded our product
solutions, which are based on artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms, offering computer vision applications. Our product
offerings have established us as an innovative and technological company, and we are able to offer our Fortune 1000 customers an end-to-end
solution. We are a pioneer in providing cutting-edge technology solutions to the markets we serve. 

As
a world-wide systems integrator, we focus on design, delivery, deployment and support of fully integrated mobile and automatic identification
data collection solutions. We use unique computer vision technology and additional identification technologies in its solutions. We also
manufacture and distribute labels, tags, ribbons and RFID identification tags. We provide printing solutions, credit card terminals,
automatic kiosks and point of care units. We also offer customers technical service and support. We take a consultative approach by offering
end-to-end solutions that include software, algorithm, hardware, service contracts, communications and full lifecycle management services. 

We
simplify the integration process because of our experienced team of professionals. We deliver problem-solving solutions backed by numerous
customer references. We offer comprehensive packaged and configurable software, some of which we developed, and some is sourced from
third parties. We are a leading providing of bar-code labels and ribbons (media). We provide consultative services to companies to select,
design and manufacture the right label for their product offering. Once a company purchases our product, sales generally recur on a regular
basis. 

Our
ground-breaking AI-based vision solutions are currently in use for sensitive Homeland Security anti-terror projects and automated parking
solutions. Inspired by time-critical friend or foe decision-making processes, our patented algorithms are based on a combination
of cognitive science and machine-learning-based pattern-recognition technology which is arbitrated through a multi-layered decision-making
process that offers both speed and accuracy. 

Our
experienced team of consulting and integration professionals guide companies through the entire development and deployment process, from
selecting technology, to the successful company-wide rollout of a customized solution that fits a company s unique requirements.
After performing a thorough technical evaluation of the client s current operations and specific operational problems, our team
determines the optimal hardware and software solutions to optimize the client s operational workflow. We deliver ongoing services
provided throughout the deployment process and throughout the entire product life cycle. We also deliver full installation services for
all mobile data-collection computers, automatic kiosks, points of care and printing equipment including full staging and kitting of the
equipment. 

We
have been successful in delivering mission-critical mobile-computing and data-collection solutions to Fortune 1000 companies for over
two decades. The requirements and needs of our customers continue to evolve as they require new mobile and wireless technologies and
services to make their business more competitive and profitable. The result is a continuous flow of opportunities for us to assist customers
to evaluate, choose, implement, and support the right mobile and data collection solutions. As we focus on what we do best, we believe
that there is more than adequate market size, growth, and opportunity available to the Company to succeed. 

Core
to the solutions offered by the Company is a full suite of configurable packaged software solutions that were internally developed and
provide customers with unique solutions with significant business Return on Investment ROI ), including: 

Order
Entry: Software designed to increase productivity in the field. Remote workers increasingly demand rapid access to real-time
information and up-to-date data to facilitate and streamline their job functions in the field our Order Entry Software is the answer. 

5 

Intelligent
Order Entry: Adds intelligence to aging order entry system to maximize profits. The hand-held industry is a vital link in
getting remote orders from the field to corporate. Our Intelligent Order Entry Software adds this capability to aging order entry systems. 

iTrack:
 Track Device Deployment. iTrack, an Internet Tracking System, is a management tool that tracks the deployment of hardware
devices in the field and their repair history. 

Warehouse:
 Enhances efficiency in distribution and manufacturing environments. The warehouse is a collection of applications for
portable devices that extend the power of the existing system out to the warehouse floor and dock doors. 

Proof
of Delivery: Enhances document delivery performance. We offer proof-of-delivery capabilities as part of its Mobility Suite
that gives companies an edge over competitors by improving customer service. 

WTMiP:
 Extends business beyond four walls. WTMiP provides the link between corporate and the mobile worker. WTMiP servers allow files
and data to seamlessly synchronize between the corporate host and laptops, handheld devices, and Windows CE or Windows Mobile devices. 

Easy
Order: Easy order on-line purchasing portal. Our Easy Order Solution offers companies a customized portal that streamlines
and simplifies ordering by providing clients with their own unique private on-line store. 

QTSaaS
(Quest Total Solutions as a Service : QTSaaS is a complete mobile services offering that includes hardware, software, services,
and wireless data in a bundled subscription payment offering over a period of time. Our partnership with Hyperion Partners LLC and wireless
carriers allows us to offer mobility solutions to our customers on platforms that extend the market into new mobile applications that
previously were not being automated. 

Media
and Label Business: Repeatable easy order online purchasing portal. The largest segment of data collection opportunity for
us is the barcode label market providing ongoing and repeatable purchasing business. We intend to continue in the label business in the
United States of America to drive business growth and increased margins. 

Our
Target Markets 

Two
markets we serve are Smart/Safe City and Supply Chain Management. Our groundbreaking AI-based vision solutions are currently in use for
sensitive Homeland Security anti-terror projects and discerning customers within the access control, airport, border crossing, municipality
safety, and parking industries. We seek to utilize our expertise and end-to-end software solutions in markets which provide the greatest
opportunity to increase margins. 

Within
the Supply Chain Management market, we believe we can further develop our existing customer base needing to replace their legacy systems
with a new go-to-market strategy leveraging our field sales and system resources, telemarketing, customer portals, and vertical market
and barcode label specialists. We believe the ideal candidates for our machine learning technology are our base of industry-leading customers
for the barcode label and ribbon (media) products in the manufacturing, distribution, transportation and logistics, retail and healthcare
sectors which sectors are at the core of our business. 

For
over two decades, we have been successful in integrating mission critical mobile computing and data collection solutions for Fortune
1000 companies. The requirements and needs of our customers continue to evolve as they require new mobile and wireless technologies and
services to make their business more competitive and profitable. The result is a continuous flow of opportunities to assist customers
to evaluate, choose, implement, and support the right mobile and data collection solutions. As we focus on what we do best, we believe
there is more than adequate market size, growth, and opportunity available for us to succeed. 

6 

We
believe integrating our patented and proprietary AI technology into its existing Supply Chain offerings will allow for automated logistics
monitoring and optimization, creating operational efficiencies at higher margins for us, and our Fortune 1000 clients. 

Our
Sales Strategy 

Our
direct sales teams are supported by systems engineers averaging over twenty (20) years of experience in the mobile industry. The sales
organization s growth in-reach mirrors the addition of new products and services. Sales team members are organized by industry
areas of opportunity, areas of expertise, and territory. Our sales teams are organized to address national accounts offering a broad
array of unique solutions for key lines of business applications, which provides opportunities for upsell and cross sell to our clients.
For the barcode label (media) business, we utilize a specialty sales force, resellers, and distributors of our manufactured private label
products. For the Israeli market we have direct sales teams that are organized by industry and product line. In Israel we also offer
comprehensive technical service and support which increases customer confidence and supports the sales process. 

Salespeople
are supported internally by sales support personnel, who coordinate quotes and logistics, and by members of the systems engineering group
and software teams. 

The
normal sales cycle is one (1) to six (6) months, and typically involves the development of a scope of work and preparation of a ROI analysis.
We use Company developed analysis templates in order to reduce the sales cycle. The analyses and proposals include information on leasing
and other financing options, which helps differentiate us from our competitors. The label business sales cycles are shorter, with purchases
made more frequently on a transactional basis. 

Competition 

The
mobile system integration market is characterized by a limited number of large competitors and numerous smaller niche players. We typically
pursue larger accounts and national customers, competing most often with larger channel partners. For specific solutions, we also compete
with niche players who are often focused on a single industry. Hardware sales are competitive because of online retailers. We believe
our consultative, integrated solutions approach is a clear differentiator for most prospective customers. 

Human
Capital 

OMNIQ s
operating philosophy is our growth and continued success are the result of management and employees working together in a spirit of cooperation
and teamwork. Our core values emphasize an environment where safety, diversity, inclusion, talent development, training, and retention
are top priorities. This has enabled us to meet various challenges over the years. The progress that has been achieved by us reflects
this strong mutual commitment between the Company and its employees. We believe our employees are our greatest asset. We remain focused
on furnishing friendly and safe working conditions, providing competitive pay, offering quality benefits, and producing revenue for the
continued growth of the Company and the communities in which we operate. All of this with an emphasis on the welfare of our employees
and their families. We realize our success is a direct result of the hard work and dedication of our employees. Each employee at OMNIQ
is a contributing partner in our future growth and we strive to maintain a mutually beneficial workplace culture that also fosters the
professional development of each employee. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 216 employees. Of these employees, 189 are salaried (including commissioned employees) personnel
and 27 are hourly personnel. Our employees perform the following functions: sales operations, parts operations, technical services, and
office and administrative support. We believe we have good relations with our employees, and we have never experienced a work stoppage.
Generally, the total number of employees does not significantly fluctuate throughout the year. 

7 

Concentrations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer accounted for 30 and 23 , respectively, of the Company s consolidated
revenues. 

Accounts
receivables are made up of trade receivables due from customers in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, no customer
accounted for more than 10 of the outstanding receivables, and one customer accounted for 17 of the balance of accounts receivable
as of December 31, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 one vendor made up 48 and 65 , respectively, of our purchases. 

Available
Information 

OMNIQ s
website, www.omniq.com , and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not part of or incorporated
by reference into this filing. 

We
file electronically with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC maintains an Internet
site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. Copies of these reports, proxy and information statements and other information may be obtained by electronic request at
the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. We use the Investor section of our website as a means of disclosing material non-public
information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor
section of our website, in addition to following press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

This
section is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This
section is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

OMNIQ s
corporate offices are currently located at 1865 West 2100 South, Salt Lake City, UT 84119. Our executive management, sales, operations,
accounting, and administrative functions are located at the corporate offices. The corporate office annual lease expense is 284 thousand.
The space is under a five-year lease and expires June 2026. 

We
lease office space for our software developers in Akron, Ohio. The lease provides for monthly payments of 3,000. The space is under
a five-year lease and expires May 2023. 

We
lease office and warehouse space for our satellite sales and technical support staff in Anaheim, California. The lease is month to month
and the annual lease expense is 36 thousand. 

We
also lease office space for research and development employees located in Israel. The lease expense for the year ending December 31,
2022 was 260,353 NIS. The lease is currently at a rate of 23,383 NIS per month and the lease expires in August 2023. 

Dangot s
corporate offices are currently located at Yad Harutzim 14 Tel-Aviv, Israel. The main corporate office, Yad Harutzim 14, serves as the
company s main building on the 2nd and 3rd floors, used by the management and most of the sales staff, technicians, etc. The corporate
office annual lease expense is NIS 784,380. The space is under a five years and eleven months lease and expires November 2024. 

We
lease office space (Gamdan- 1st floor) for our finance and service department at Yad Harutzim 14 Tel-Aviv, Israel. The lease provides
for monthly payments of NIS 22,134. The space is under a five-year lease and expires December 2023. 

We
lease office and warehouse space for our products and technical support staff at Rival Street, Tel-Aviv, Israel. The lease provides
for monthly payments of NIS 41,200. The space is under a six and half year lease and expires June 2025. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company was named a defendant in a case involving a former employee who claims he is owed approximately 60 thousand in unpaid commissions.
The Company is defending the case. This case was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Diego on October
21, 2020. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

NONE. 

8 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

On
October 8, 2021 the Company s common stock became available on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
under the symbol OMQS . Before then, shares of OMNIQ s common stock were not traded on an established market.
OMNIQ s common stock was traded through broker/dealers and in private transactions, and quotations reported on the OTCQB under
the symbol OMQS . OTCQB quotations reflected interdealer prices, without mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. No dividends have been declared or paid on OMNIQ s common stock and none are likely to be declared or paid
in the near future. 

Common Stock 

High 
 Low 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

Fiscal Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 
 10.25 
 4.16 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 
 12.00 
 7.01 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 
 16.00 
 7.10 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 
 10.88 
 6.01 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

Fiscal Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 
 7.05 
 4.35 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 
 7.32 
 5.13 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 
 8.75 
 5.27 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended December 30, 2022 
 6.38 
 4.13 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,672,317 
 5.94 
 646,856 

9 

In
October 2021, OMNIQ Board of Directors adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as an incentive to retain
in the employ of and attract new employees, directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees to the Company. Pursuant to the
Plan, 1,118,856 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 (the Shares ), were set aside and reserved
for issuance. The Plan was approved by our stockholders at the December 2021, shareholders meeting. No shares were issued
under the Plan in 2021. On February 25, 2022, the Company granted 792,500 stock options. These options were granted to employees as
part of the Company s Equity Incentive Plan. On October 23, 2022 19,000 stock options were granted to employees as part of the
Company s Equity Incentive Plan. 

Dividends
and other Distributions 

OMNIQ
has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. The Company currently plans to retain future earnings to finance growth
and development of its business and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. OMNIQ may incur indebtedness
in the future which may prohibit or effectively restrict the payment of dividends, although the Company has no current plans to do so.
Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of OMNIQ s Board of Directors. The Company s Series
C Preferred Stock pays a 6 dividend, but the Company has been unable to make such dividend payments and so those dividends are accrued
quarterly. Accrued but unpaid dividends do not bear interest. 

At
the time of acquisition of Dangot Computers Ltd certain dividend payables were owed to non-controlling interests. These liabilities were
assumed by OMNIQ and during the year ended December 31, 2021 Dangot Computers Ltd paid 306 thousand to those non-controlling interests. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 7,025 shares of common stock to certain individuals as part of the Company s Employee
Stock Purchase Program valued at approximately 37 thousand. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, 147 thousand in stock options and stock warrants were exercised in exchange for 128,221 shares of
OMNIQ common stock. 

On
June 15, 2022 our Board of Directors approved issuing 20,000 shares as part of a consulting agreement. The shares were valued at 109
thousand. 

On
June 15, 2022 our Board of Directors granted 30,000 warrants as part of a consulting agreement. The shares were valued at 176 thousand. 

On
June 15, 2022 our Board of Directors granted 30,000 stock options as part of a consulting agreement. The shares were valued at 173 thousand. 

On
August 8, 2022 our Board of Directors approved issuing 80,000 shares as compensation for executives valued at 670 thousand. Shared were
issued on October 11, 2022. 

On
August 8, 2022 our Board of Directors approved issuing 40,000 warrants as part of a consulting agreement valued at 209 thousand. 

On November 11, 2022 our Board of Directors approved
issuing 20,000 shares as part of employment agreements valued at 101 thousand. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

Reserved. 

10 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion summarizes the financial position of OMNIQ, Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, and
its consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion
contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that include risks and uncertainties (see discussion of Forward-Looking
Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those factors set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Company s consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 102.5 million, representing an increase of 24 million
from the year ended December 31, 2021 of 78.3 million. Revenues in 2022 and 2021 are presented in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). 

Net
loss attributable to common stockholders of OmniQ Corp was 13.8 million in 2022, an increase of 400 thousand from the 2021 loss
of 13.4 million. Basic loss per share attributable to common stockholders was 1.82 for the year 2022 compared to 2.20 per share for
the year 2021. 

On
May 3, 2021, the Company and OmniQ Technologies Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company OmniQ Technologies entered
into a share purchase agreement (the Dangot Share Purchase Agreement with Mr. Haim Dangot. Pursuant to the Dangot Share
Purchase Agreement, OmniQ Technologies agreed to purchase 51 , or 5,100 shares, of the capital stock of Dangot Computers Ltd., an Israel
company Dangot ), from Dangot s sole shareholder, Haim Dangot, for consideration equivalent to 23,740,500 NIS (New
Israeli Shekel), which is equal to US 7.7 million (the Closing Consideration ), based on the exchange rate at the date
of acquisition of NIS to dollars. 

The
Closing Consideration was paid on July 8, 2021 in the following manner: (a) the Company issued 220,103 shares of its common stock having
a share value of 2,084 thousand and (b) cash in the amount of 5,058 thousand and 600 thousand payable to owner. 

Haim
Dangot also granted OmniQ Technologies an irrevocable option to purchase the remaining 4,900 shares, or 49 , of Dangot s capital
stock (the Dangot Option in the 12-month period following the closing date (the Dangot Option Period at
a share purchase price of 489,500 NIS (US 150,522 per each 1 of Dangot s remaining shares on a fully diluted basis) which is
the same valuation per share as the purchase price for the 51 . Effective October 1, 2021 the Company exercised a portion of its option
and purchased an additional 26 of Dangot bringing its ownership to 77 . The Company paid 4,012,000 to purchase the additional shares. 

On April 1, 2022, the Company closed on its acquisition of Dangot and exercised the remaining portion of its option to purchase 23.0 
of the capital stock, thereby making Dangot a fully owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company paid 3,518,000 to purchase the additional
shares. The Company utilized its working capital and a combination of short and long term loans. 

11 

GOING
CONCERN 

The
following are the principal conditions or events which potentially raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue
as a going concern: 

Balancing
 the need for operational cash with the need to add additional products. 

Timely
 and cost-effective development of products 

Working
 capital deficit of 38 million as of December 31, 2022 

Accumulated
 deficit of 84 million as of December 31, 2022 

Multiple
 years of losses from operations 

Multiple
 years of negative cash flows from operations 

Noncompliance with certain debt covenants 

Management
Evaluation 

Management considers the condition outlined above
as the most significant factors in raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one
year after the date the financial statements are issued. 

Management s Plans to Mitigate and Alleviate
Conditions or Events 

The following conditions, plans and actions are currently
being implemented to address the Company s conditions: 

Outstanding warrants exist from prior offerings that could be exercised for cash depending upon the performance of our stock. 

The Company s acquisition of Dangot Computers, Ltd. has improved the balance sheet, profitability, and cash flow and is expected to help the Company as a whole to generate positive cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future. 

The Company received financing for the acquisition of the last 23 of shares of Dangot on March 30, 2022 (The company owns 100 of Dangot). The Company also expects that Dangot s cashflow will be able to service the debts associated with its acquisition without the need for cash from the rest of the group. 

The acquisition of Dangot has added capabilities to the Company which have already transformed into significant new orders in the Parking segment. Management expects the collaboration and cross sales to contribute to improved revenues and margins. 

Management is evaluating operating expenses and is developing a plan to reduce expenditures without negatively impacting current operations. Management has already cut staff by about 5 and will continue to do additional overhead cuts. 

March 25, 2022 management finalized an 8.5M line of credit from Western Alliance Bank. This line of credit replaced the high interest Action Capital line of Credit 6M) and settle the ScanSource debt 2.5M. 

Blue Star - The Company s total accounts payable due to Blue Star as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 36 million. Blue Star is an unsecured creditor, financing a substantial amount the Company s supply chain demand. Management believes that Blue Star will continue supplying the Company with preferable credit terms. Blue Star has agreed to the annual interest rate of 5 on invoices that are past due. As an unsecured creditor of the Company, Blue Star has no incentive to force a liquidation. The Company has enjoyed a good mutual relationship for the past four years. 

12 

Overview
 Results of Operations 

The
following table sets forth certain selected condensed statement of operations data for the periods indicated in dollars. In addition,
we note that the period-to-period comparison may not be indicative of future performance. 

Year ended December 31, 
 Variation 
 
 In thousands 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 102,545 
 78,251 
 24,294 
 31.05 
 
 Cost of Goods sold 
 80,441 
 61,582 
 18,859 
 30.62 
 
 Gross Profit 
 22,104 
 16,669 
 5,435 
 32.60 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 31,656 
 27,149 
 4,507 
 16.60 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (9,552 
 (10,480 
 928 
 8.85 
 
 Net loss 
 (13,614 
 (13,144 
 (470 
 (3.58 
 
 Net Loss per common Share from continuing operations 
 (1.82 
 (2.20 
 0.38 
 17.19 

Revenues 

Revenue
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were generated from the sales of hardware, service contracts, software, labels and ribbons
and related services provided by the Company to its customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
 102.5 million and 78.3 million in net revenues, respectively. This represents an increase of 31.05 . The increase was due to growth in
the marketplace and the acquisition of Dangot. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a total of 80.4 million and 61.6 million respectively, of cost
of goods sold. Cost of goods sold was 78 of net revenues for 2022 and 79 of revenue for 2021. Our gross margin percentage has
remained relatively stable in an industry that is experiencing gross margin pressure. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating expenses were 31.7 million and 27.1 million, respectively. This represents an
increase of 4.5 million, or 16.6 , which is due to a general increase in business operations, including the addition of Dangot in July 2021.
The following explains in detail the change in operating expenses. 

Research
 Development Research and development for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 1.8 million
per year. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Selling, General and Administrative expenses were 27.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to 21.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 5.8 million, or 27 . The increase
was due to additional share issuances to employees and directors as well as a large software implementation. 

Depreciation
 Depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 324 thousand compared to 251 thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021. This represents an increase of 73 thousand, or 29 , attributable to growth in fixed assets. 

Intangible
Amortization Intangible amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.8 million, compared to 3.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This represents a decrease of 1.4 million, or 43 , attributable to the acquisition of
additional intangibles. 

13 

Other
Income and Expenses 

The
Company incurred 3.5 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The interest expense is comprised of interest incurred on promissory notes payable, the company s line of credit, and
vendor payables. 

Foreign
Currency Transactions 

The
Company has multiple subsidiaries conducting operations in Israel, therefore there were transactions denominated in currency other than
US dollars for both 2022 and 2021. Foreign transaction gains and losses are reported on the consolidated statement of operations and
comprehensive loss and were included in the amount of loss from comprehensive income. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has 35 thousand of current income tax provision (US State Local and Foreign)
and 30 thousand deferred income tax expense. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has 321 thousand of current income tax provision (US State Local and Foreign) and
 165 thousand deferred income tax benefit. 

Net
loss 

The
Company realized a net loss of 13.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss from continuing operations
of 13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increased loss in 2022 is due primarily to an increase in stock compensation. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash in the amount of 1.3 million and a working capital deficit of 38 million, compared to cash
in the amount of 7.1 million, and a working capital deficit of 22.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The Company had stockholders 
deficit attributable to OmniQ stockholders of 10.5 million and 98 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increase
in our stockholders deficit was primarily attributable to net losses. 

The
Company s accumulated deficit was 84.4 million and 70.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company s operations provided net cash of 1.2 million and used 3.2 million the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The increase of cash from operations of 4.4 million is primarily a result of reduction in accounts receivable. 

The
Company s cash used in investing activities was 4,154 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided
by investing activities of 9,235 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company s financing activities used 3.1 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022, and provided 14.5 million during
the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made payments of 2.5 million on its notes payable,
including its Supplier Secured Promissory note and related party notes payable, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, when the
Company made payments of 4.7 million on its notes payable, including its Supplier Secured Promissory note and related party notes payable.
Additionally, the Company borrowed 4 million on the Company s line of credit during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021, when 1 million was paid on the Company s line of credit. The Company did not raise funds
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.3 million raised for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company currently does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The application of many accounting principles requires us to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates
and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions,
estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective and they and our actual results may change based on changing circumstances
or changes in our analyses. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results
of operations for the period in which the actual amounts first become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could
potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. See also note
2 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. 

14 

Revenue
Recognition . 

When
entering into contracts with our customers, we review the five steps outlined in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) : 

i. 
 Identify
 the contract with our customer. 

ii. 
 Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract. 

iii. 
 Determine
 the transaction price. 

iv. 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations. And 

v. 
 Evaluate
 the satisfaction of the performance obligations, 

We
account for contracts with our customers when we have approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are established, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable. 

We
evaluate, in accordance with Topic 606, whether or not we meet the criteria to be a principal or an agent and record the revenue on a
gross or net basis. We are considered a principal if we obtain control of any one of the following: 

i. 
 A
 good or other asset from another party that we then transfer to our customer. 

ii. 
 A
 right to a service to be performed by another party, which gives us the ability to direct that party to provide the service to
 the customer on our behalf, and 

iii. 
 A
 good or service from another party that we then combine with other goods or services in providing the specified good or service to
 our customer. 

We
have certain relationships with manufacturers and suppliers to sell us products or provide services. Our contracts may transfer to our
customer a right to a future service or product to be provided by our manufacturer or supplier. When a specified good or service is a
right to a good or service provided by a manufacturer or supplier, we evaluate whether we control the right to the goods or services
before that right is transferred to the customer rather than whether we control the underlying goods or services. 

Indicators
that we control the specified good or service before it is transferred to the customer (and we are therefore a principal) include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

i. 
 We
 are responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service. This typically includes responsibility for the
 acceptability of the specified good or service. If we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified
 good or service, this may indicate that the other party involved in providing the specified good or service is acting on our behalf.
 Often, we provide value added services (combining hardware, integrating hardware to software, etc.) to the products and services
 purchased from our manufacturers and suppliers. 

ii. 
 We
 have inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer. Our purchases of products or services
 from our manufactures and suppliers is evidenced by our issuing a binding purchase order contract with the negotiated terms including
 specifications, pricing, and delivery among other things. Our obligation for purchased products and services is mutually exclusive
 of our customers performance (failure to take acceptance, make payment, etc.) 

iii. 
 We
 have sole discretion in establishing our price for the specified good or service. Establishing the price our customer pays for a
 specified good or service may indicate we have the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain substantially all
 of the remaining benefits. We control and set the pricing for the product or services to be provided to our customers. 

If
the terms of a transaction do not indicate we are acting as a principal in the transaction, we are then considered acting as an agent
and the associated revenues would be recognized on a net basis. 

As
principal, when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation, we recognize revenue in the gross amount of consideration which we expect
to be entitled in exchange for the specified good or service transferred. We are an agent if our performance obligation is to arrange
for the provision of the specified good or service by another party. As an agent, we do not control the specified good or service provided
by another party before that good or service is transferred to our customer. As an agent, when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation,
we recognize revenue in the amount of any fee or commission which we expect to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified
goods or services to be provided by another party to our customer. 

Under
Topic 606, we recognize revenue (on either a gross or net basis previously discussed) only when we satisfy a performance obligation by
transferring a promised good or service to our customer. A good or service is considered transferred when the customer obtains control.
The standard defines control as an entity s ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
from, an asset. We recognize revenue (either gross or net) once control has passed to the customer. The following indicators are evaluated
in determining when control has passed to the customer: 

i. 
 We
 have a right to payment for the product or service, 

ii. 
 The
 customer has legal title to the product, 

iii. 
 We
 have transferred physical possession of the product to the customer, 

iv. 
 The
 customer has the risk and rewards of ownership of the product, and 

v. 
 The
 customer has accepted the product. 

Revenue
Recognition for Hardware. Revenues from sales of hardware products are recognized on a gross basis as we are acting as a principal
in these transactions, with the selling price to the customer recorded as sales and the acquisition cost of the product recorded as cost
of sales. We recognize revenue from these transactions when control has passed to the customer. 

Manufacturers
and suppliers, from whom we purchase hardware, often provide their warranties that only provide assurance the products and services will
conform to their specifications. These assurance-type warranties are not sold separately and are not considered separate performance
obligations. In some transactions, a third-party will provide the customer with an extended warranty. These extended warranties are sold
separately and provide the customer with a service in addition to assurance that the product will function as expected. We consider these
warranties to be separate performance obligations from the underlying product. For warranties, where we are arranging those services
be provided by a third-party, we are acting as an agent in the transaction and record revenue on a net basis at the point of sale. 

15 

Revenue
Recognition for Software. Sales of software licenses are generally considered a single performance obligation. When we are considered
the principal, we recognize revenues on a gross basis at the point the software is delivered to and accepted by our customer. Generally,
software licenses are sold with accompanying third-party delivered software assurance, which is a product that allows customers to upgrade,
at no additional cost, to the latest technology if new capabilities are introduced during the period that the software assurance is in
effect. 

As
explained above, we evaluate whether the software assurance is a separate performance obligation by assessing if the third-party delivered
software assurance is critical or essential to the core functionality of the software itself. This involves considering: 

i. 
 If
 the software provides its original intended functionality to the customer without the updates, 

ii. 
 If
 the customer would ascribe a higher value to the upgrades versus the up-front deliverable, 

iii. 
 If
 the customer would expect frequent intelligence updates to the software (such as updates that maintain the original functionality),
 and 

iv. 
 If
 the customer chooses to not delay or always install upgrades. 

If
we determine the accompanying third-party delivered software assurance is critical or essential to the core functionality of the software
license, the software license and the accompanying third-party delivered software assurance are recognized as a single performance obligation. 

In
some transactions, a third-party will provide the customer with an extended warranty. These extended warranties are sold separately and
provide the customer with a service in addition to assurance that the product will function as expected. We consider these warranties
to be separate performance obligations from the underlying product. For warranties, where we are arranging those services be provided
by a third-party, we are acting as an agent in the transaction and record revenue on a net basis at the point of sale. 

Revenue
Recognition for Services. We provide professional services, which include project managers and consultants recommending, designing,
and implementing IT solutions. Revenue from professional services is recognized either on a time and materials basis or proportionally,
as costs are incurred for fixed fee project work. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis each month as work is performed and we transfer
those services. 

Revenues
from the sale of professional and support services, provided by us, are recognized over the period the service is provided. As the customer
receives the benefit of the service each month, we recognize the respective revenue on a gross basis as we are acting as a principal
in the transaction. Additionally, we manage a services team that provides project support to customers that are billed on a fixed fee
basis. We are acting as the principal in the transaction and recognize revenue on a gross basis based on the total number of hours incurred
for the period over the total expected hours for the project. Total expected hours to complete the project is updated for each period
and best represents the transfer of control of the service to the customer. 

Freight
Costs. We record both the freight billed to its customers and the related freight costs as cost of sales when the underlying product
revenue is recognized. For freight not billed to its customers, we record the freight costs as cost of sales. The Company considers shipping
to be a fulfillment activity and not a separate performance obligation. 

Definite-lived
Intangible Assets Impairment Evaluation 

The
Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of definite-lived intangibles when events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company considers important which could trigger an impairment review include,
but are not limited to, significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes
in the manner of its use of acquired assets or its overall business strategy, and significant industry or economic trends. The Company
amortizes definite-lived intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The Company recorded no impairment loss
for definite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

When
the Company determines that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of
the above indicators, the Company determines the recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to net future undiscounted
cash flows that the asset is expected to generate and recognizes an impairment charge equal to the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the fair market value of the asset. 

If
the Company s revenues or other estimated operating results are not achieved at or above our forecasted level, and the Company
is unable to recover such costs through price increases, the carrying value of certain of the Company s intangible assets may prove
to be unrecoverable and we may incur impairment charges of definitive-live intangible assets. 

Indefinite-lived
Intangible Assets, Including Goodwill 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized but are required to be reviewed for impairment at least annually or when events
or circumstances indicate that carrying value may exceed fair value. The Company is permitted the option to first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of the Company s reporting unit is less than its corresponding carrying value. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances,
the Company concludes that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its corresponding carrying
value then the Company is not required to take further action. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, then the Company must calculate
the fair value of the reporting unit and compare it with its carrying amount, including Indefinite-lived intangible assets and recognize
impairment equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value, considering the related income
tax effect from any tax-deductible goodwill. The estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and, therefore, no impairment has been recognized. 

16 

Stock
Based Compensation 

We
periodically issue stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for
financing costs. We account for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

We
record stock-based compensation expense according to the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. ASC Topic
718 requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements
based on their fair values. Under the provisions of ASC Topic 718, the Company determines the appropriate fair value model to be used
for valuing share-based payments and the amortization method for compensation cost. 

The
fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company estimates
the expected volatility and expected option life assumption consistent with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. The
expected volatility of the Company s common stock at the date of grant is estimated based on a historic volatility rate and the
expected option life is calculated based on historical stock option experience as the best estimate of future exercise patterns. The
dividend yield assumption is based on historical and anticipated dividend payouts. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on
observed interest rates consistent with the expected life of each stock option grant. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting
option forfeitures and records stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. Compensation expense
is recorded for all stock options expected to vest based on the amortization of the fair value at the date of grant on a straight-line
basis primarily over the vesting period of the options. 

Additional
accounting policies can be found in Note 2 to our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management has evaluated all recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and determined that none of the pronouncements will have a material impact on
the financial statements of the Company. The Company will continue to monitor the issuance of any new accounting pronouncements and assess
their potential impact on the financial statements in future periods. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This
section is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by this Item are included as a separate section of this report commencing on page F-1. 

17 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

NONE 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures , as such terms are defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. The Company acknowledges that any controls and procedures can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired
control objectives. 

We
have carried out an evaluation as required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedure as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Although we have determined
that the existing controls and procedures are not effective, the deficiencies identified have not been deemed material to our reporting
disclosures. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed
by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving their objectives. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgement and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
Due to their inherent limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by
internal control over financial reporting. It is possible to design safeguards to reduce, but not eliminate, this risk. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 

Management
has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Based on such evaluation, our CEO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective. 

As
a result of our evaluation, we identified a material weakness in our controls related to segregation of duties and other immaterial weaknesses
in several areas of data management and documentation. 

18 

Our
management is composed of a small number of professionals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist.
Accordingly, and as a result of the material weakness identified above, we have concluded that the control deficiencies result in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements may not be prevented on a timely basis by the
Company s internal controls. We continue to employ and refine a structure in which critical accounting policies, issues and estimates
are identified, and together with other complex areas, are subject to multiple reviews by executives. In addition, we evaluate and assess
our internal controls and procedures regarding our financial reporting, utilizing standards incorporating applicable portions of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s 2009 Guidance for Smaller Public Companies in Auditing Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting as necessary on an on-going basis. 

Commencing
at the end of 2021, the Company engaged a professional consulting firm to help with implementing an internal process in accordance with
section 404a of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2000 (SOX). The Company is in the process of implementing the SOX process and is currently performing
the documentation phase. The controls in the main business processes that refer to the preparation of financial statement reporting of
the main Company were documented, gaps were noted, and a remediation plan was prepared. The Company is in the process of implementing
the remediation plan in order for these controls to be found effective in the test phase. The Company is working on completing the documentation
phase in its other subsidiaries that recently switched to our ERP system. 

While
the material weakness set forth above were the result of the scale of the Company s operations and is intrinsic to its small size,
the Company believes the risk of material misstatements relative to financial reporting are minimal. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by its registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which permits the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

NONE . 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table presents information with respect to our officers and directors as of the date of this Report: 

Name

Age

Positions 

Shai Lustgarten 
 
 52

CEO
 and Chairman 
 
 Neev
 Nissenson 
 
 44

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Andrew
 J. MacMillan 
 
 75

Director 
 
 Yaron
 Shalem 
 
 50

Director 
 
 Guy
 Elhanani 
 
 49

Director 
 
 Mina
 Teicher 
 
 76

Director 

Background
of our officers and directors 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of our officers and directors,
indicating each person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which
such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Shai
S. Lustgarten, was appointed the Company s CEO in April 2017 and served as the Company s interim CFO from December 2018
through September 4, 2019. Mr. Lustgarten had been the Chief Executive Officer of Teamtronics, Inc. beginning June 2016. Teamtronics
manufactures rugged computers and electronic equipment mainly used in the Gas and oil industry. From 2014 to 2017, Mr. Lustgarten was
the Chief Executive Officer at Micronet Limited Inc., a developer and manufacturer of mobile computing platforms for integration into
fleet management and mobile workforce solutions listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Lustgarten served as EVP
Business Development and Head of the Aerospace and defense Division of Micronet EnertecTechnologies, a technology company listed on the
NASDAQ Capital Market. From 2009 to 2013 Mr. Lustgarten was VP of Sales, Marketing and CMO of TAT Technologies, a world leading supplier
of electronic systems to the commercial and defense markets, from. His prior experience also includes serving as CEO of T.C.E. Aviation
Ltd. in Belgium and serving from 1993 to 1997 as the assistant to the Military Attach at the Embassy of Israel in Washington,
DC. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management Computer Science from the University of Maryland. 

19 

Neev
Nissenson became a director of the Company in April 2017 and was appointed as our CFO on September 5, 2019, effective October 10,
2019. He is an experienced entrepreneur and financial officer. In 2015, Mr. Nissenson founded Hotwine, Inc., a California based wine
startup company. Since August 2016 and until October 10, 2019, Mr. Nissenson served as the Chief Financial Officer of Hypnocore, Ltd.,
an Israeli based startup company that develops mobile applications for sleep monitoring and therapy. From 2011 to 2015, Mr. Nissenson
was the Chief Financial Officer of GMW, Inc., a high-end wine retailer from Napa, California. Before that, Mr. Nissenson served as the
Vice President from 2006 to 2011 and the Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2011 at Phoenix International Ventures, Inc., an aerospace
defense company. Mr. Nissenson was also a member of the Municipal Committee for Business from 2004 to 2007 and a member of Municipal
Committee for Street Naming from 2005 to 2007 in the City of Herzliya, Israel. He is also an armored platoon commander in the Israeli
Defense Forces (Reserve) Armored Corps with a rank of Captain. Mr. Nissenson graduated from Tel Aviv University in 2005 with a B.A. majoring
in General History and Political Science. In 2007, he graduated from the Hebrew University with an Executive Master s degree in
Business Administration specializing in Integrative Management. 

Andrew
J. MacMillan became a director of the Company in April 2017. He is a corporate communications professional with 20 years of corporate
communications experience in the global securities industry, plus 18 years of direct investment banking and related experience. He was
a director of NTS, Inc. since December 20, 2012 and since December 27, 2012 served as the Chairman of its Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee until NTS sale to a private equity firm in June 2014. Since 2010, Mr. MacMillan has served as an independent management
consultant providing marketing and communications advisory to clients. Prior to that from 2007 until 2010, Mr. MacMillan served as Director,
Global Communications Marketing of AXA Rosenberg, a leading equity asset management firm. Prior to that, Mr. MacMillan served in
a variety of corporate communication roles including Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications Government Affairs at Ameriprise
Financial, Head of Corporate Communications (Americas) at Barclays Capital, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications of The
NASDAQ Stock Market and Director of Corporate Communications at Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. MacMillan previously served as an investment
banker, acquisition officer, and consultant directly involved with capital raising, acquisitions, and financial feasibility studies.
Mr. MacMillan holds a BS in Industrial Engineering from the University of Iowa and a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard. 

Yaron
Shalem became a director of the Company in April 2017. He has extensive experience in financial and business management. Mr. Shalem
has served as the Chief Financial Officer at Saga Monetary Technologies Limited (UK) since January 2018. Prior to that Mr. Shalem served
as the Chief Financial Officer at Singulariteam VC from January 2014 till January 2018. He also worked as the Chief Financial Officer
at Mobli Media Inc. from January 2014 to December 2016. Mr. Shalem s experience also includes serving as the Chief Financial Officer
of TAT Technologies Ltd., a NASDAQ listing company, from April 2008 to December 2013. Mr. Shalem is a CPA in Israel. He received his
B.A. in Economy Accounting from Tel Aviv University in 1999 and an MBA degree from Bar-Ilan University in 2004. 

Mr.
Elhanani is a qualified CFO with experience leading financial strategies to facilitate a company s growth plans. Mr. Elhanani has
been the CFO and a partner of Singulariteam VC, a venture capital firm, since 2017. Mr. Elhananai has been the CFO of Sirin Labs since
2017. Sirin Labs is a multinational, high-tech company specializing in secured mobile phones. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Elhanani was the
CFO of SalesTech, an online internet technology servicing company. Mr. Elhanani has also served as the CFO of other companies, including:
Micronet Ltd. (2012-2015); InterLogic Ltd. (2007-2012); and Finotec Group Inc. (2006-2007). From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Elhanani was the corporate
controller of On Track Innovations Ltd. From 1999 to 2003, Mr. Elhanani was a senior auditor at Kesselman and Kesselman (PWC Israel).
Mr. Elhanani was a lecturer at IVC College in Israel from 2014 to 2018 and at Hebrew University in Jerusalem from 2001 to 2003. Mr. Elhanani
has also served as a board member for various companies, including: General Robotics (2017-Present); Effective Space Solutions (2017-Present);
Octopus Systems (2017-Present); and Infinity AR (2017-2019). Mr. Elhanani received a B.A. in Accounting and Economics, and a Master of
Business Administration, specializing in finance, from Hebrew University. 

Mina
Teicher is the former Chief Scientist of the Israel government. She is a leading mathematician specializing in Algebraic Geometry and
applications to computer vision, cryptography, cyber security, neuroscience, neuro-medical devices, and complex societal systems, such
as financial markets and health systems. She earned a PhD in Mathematics from Tel Aviv University and a postdoctoral fellowship from
the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. She published 140 scientific papers, wrote 5 books, mentored 80 students (Master, PhD,
and postdocs) in Israel and the USA, organized 20 international conferences, and won prestigious invitations to deliver lectures, numerous
awards, and highly competitive research grants (in Israel, Germany, Italy, the European Union, the USA and China). 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
table below shows the compensation for services in all capacities we paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 to the individuals
serving as our principal executive officers during the last completed fiscal year and our other two most highly paid executive officers
at the end of the last completed fiscal year (whom we refer to collectively as our named executive officers 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year
 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 In thousands 

Shai Lustgarten 
 2022 
 588 
 110 
 335 
 791 
 - 
 1,824 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 583 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 432 
 1,015 

Neev Nissenson 
 2022 
 166 
 30 
 168 
 51 
 - 
 415 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 170 
 167 
 - 
 - 
 18 
 355 

20 

Bonuses 

Any
bonuses granted in the future will relate to meeting certain performance criteria that are directly related to areas within the named
executive s responsibilities with the Company. As we continue to grow, more defined bonus programs may be established to attract
and retain our employees at all levels. 

Employment
Contracts 

In
February 2020, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Lustgarten, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, (the Lustgarten
Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Lustgarten shall continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Lustgarten
Agreement has a four (4) year term and automatically renews for additional one (1) year periods unless either party elects to terminate
the Lustgarten Agreement. Pursuant to the Lustgarten Agreement, the Company shall pay Mr. Lustgarten an annual base salary of 560,000.
Mr. Lustgarten shall also be eligible to receive i) equity awards pursuant to the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the
2020 Equity Incentive Plan and ii) certain milestone bonuses as set forth in the Lustgarten Agreement. In the event Mr. Lustgarten s
employment is terminated by Mr. Lustgarten for good reason, or terminated by the Company without cause, Mr. Lustgarten shall be entitled
to the greater of (i) the unpaid base salary or (ii) one (1) year s base salary. 

At
the sole discretion of our Board, all officers are entitled to merit-based cash and equity bonuses. 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option(1) Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 In thousands 

Andrew MacMillan (1) 
 2022 
 24 
 - 
 46 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70 

2021 
 24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24 
 
 Yaron Shalem (1) 
 2022 
 24 
 - 
 46 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70 

2021 
 24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24 
 
 Guy Elhanani (1) 
 2022 
 24 
 - 
 46 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70 

2021 
 8 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8 
 
 Itzhak Almog (1) 
 2022 
 24 
 - 
 46 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70 

2021 
 8 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8 

1. 
 The
 fair value of the options awarded to Mr. MacMillan, Mr. Shalem, Mr. Elhanani and Mr. Almog in 2022 was determined to be 46 thousand,
 respectively using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected
 volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends 

21 

POTENTIAL
PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 

The
employment agreements for our named executive officers generally provide that in the event of termination of such executive s
employment for any reason, or if the executive resigns, the Company is required to pay certain separation benefits, including (i)
unpaid annual salary earned through the termination date; (ii) unused vacation; (iii) accrued and unpaid expenses; and (iv) other
vested and accrued benefits to which he is entitled under the Company s employee benefit plan. In the event the executive
voluntarily resigns for good reason (as defined in each executive s respective Employment Agreement) or the
Company terminates their employment for any reason other than for cause (as defined in each executive s respective Employment
Agreement), the Company will be required to pay certain termination benefits, including (i) a lump sum payment equal to the greater
of (A) unpaid annual salary through the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term (as those terms are defined in each
executive s respective Employment Agreement) or (B) two years of annual salary and (ii) COBRA reimbursement. 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

Our
Board currently consists of six members. Shai Lustgarten, Mr. Neev Nissenson, Mr. Andrew J. MacMillan and Mr. Yaron Shalem, Mr. Guy Elhanani
and Ms. Mina Teicher. 

One
of the key functions of our Board is to provide oversight of our risk management process. Our Board administers this oversight function
directly, with support from its three standing committees the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance/Nominating
Committee. 

Director
Independence 

Pursuant
to Item 407(a)(1)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, we have adopted the definition of independent director 
as set forth in Rules 5000(a)(19) and 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Board determined that Mr. Andrew J. MacMillan,
Mr. Yaron Shalem, Mr. Guy Elhanani and Ms. Mina Teicher qualify as independent directors pursuant to such rules. 

Board
Committees 

We
have three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. We
believe that the members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee are deemed to be
 independent pursuant to the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. We believe that all members of our Board
have been and remain qualified to serve on the committees of our Board and have the experience and knowledge to perform the duties required
of the committees. 

22 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Yaron Shalem, Mr. Andy MacMillan, and Ms. Mina Teicher whereby Mr. Shalem is the Chairperson. Our Board
has determined that Mr. Shalem qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules of the SEC. 

The
primary responsibility of the Audit Committee is to oversee our financial reporting process on behalf of the Board and report the results
of their activities to the Board. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include providing assistance to the Board in fulfilling
the Board s oversight responsibility relating to: 

the
 integrity of the Company s financial statements and the related public reports, 

disclosures
 and regulatory filings in which they appear; 

the
 systems of internal control over financial reporting, operations, and legal/regulatory compliance; 

the
 performance, qualifications and independence of the Company s independent accountants; 

the
 performance, qualifications and independence of the Company s internal audit function, and 

compliance
 with the Company s ethics policies and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

Our
Audit Committee charter is available on the Investor Lounge subpage of our website (www.omniq.com) under the link Corporate
Governance . 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Andrew J. MacMillan, and Mr. Yaron Shalem. Mr. MacMillan serves as Chairperson. 

The
Compensation Committee s responsibilities include, among others: 

approve
 annually the corporate goals and objectives applicable to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and/or President, evaluate
 at least annually the Chief Executive Officer s and/or President s performance in light of those goals and objectives,
 and determine and approve the Chief Executive Officer s and/or President s compensation level based on this evaluation; 

review
 matters relating to executive succession and management development; 

formulate,
 evaluate, and approve compensation for the Company s officers; 

formulate,
 evaluate, and approve cash incentives and deferred compensation plans for executives; 

formulate,
 approve, and administer and, when appropriate, recommend to the Board for approval, incentive compensation plans and equity-based
 plans; and 

approve
 employment contracts, severance agreements, change in control provisions, and other compensatory arrangements with Company executives. 

The
Compensation Committee has the authority, in its sole discretion, to select, retain, and obtain the advice of a compensation consultant
as necessary to assist with the execution of its duties and responsibilities. 

Our
Compensation Committee charter is available on the About subpage of our website (www.omniq.com) under the link Corporate
Governance . 

23 

Corporate
Governance/Nominating Committee 

The
Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee consists of Andrew J. MacMillan, and Yaron Shalem. Andrew J. MacMillan is the Chairman. 

The
Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee s responsibilities include, among others: 

develop
 and oversee the Company s corporate governance practices and procedures, including identifying best practices, reviewing, and
 recommending to the Board for approval any changes to the documents, policies, and procedures in the Company s corporate governance
 framework; 

establish
 procedures for the director nomination and to determine the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be
 a director and to develop, and recommend to the Board for its approval, criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director; 

identify
 and screen individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with the above criteria, considering any director candidates
 recommended by the Company s stockholders; 

oversee
 a process for an annual evaluation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and/or President; and 

develop
 and oversee a process for an annual evaluation of the Board and its committees, including a formal assessment of each individual
 director. 

Our
Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee charter is available on the About subpage of our website (www.omniq.com) under
the link Corporate Governance . 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2021: (i) by each
of our directors; (ii) by each of our executive officers; (iii) by our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) by each
person or entity known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of any class of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,714,780
shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Shares Outstanding 
 
 Shai Lustgarten (Chairman and CEO) (1) 
 1,537,964 
 13.82 
 
 Andrew MacMillan (2) 
 38,996 
 0.35 
 
 Yaron Shalem (5) 
 61,525 
 0.55 
 
 Neev Nissenson (CFO) (4) 
 182,289 
 1.64 
 
 Itzhak Almog (6) 
 10,000 
 0.09 
 
 Guy Elhanani (7) 
 10,000 
 0.09 
 
 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (6 individuals) 
 1,955,774 
 17.66 

Carlos Nissensohn (3) 
 1,019,667 
 9.16 

1. 
 Includes
 500,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. Also includes (i) 1,004,631 shares and (ii) 33,333 shares issuable upon the
 exercise of warrants held by Walefar Investments Ltd., which is beneficially owned by Mr. Lustgarten. 

2. 
 Includes
 20,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. Also includes (i) 18,996 shares 

3. 
 Includes
 739,308 shares held by Campbeltown Consulting Ltd., which is beneficially owned by Mr. Carlos J. Nissensohn. Also includes (i) 57,026
 shares. Also includes 223,333 shares underlying option and warrants 

4. 
 Includes
 125,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. Also includes (i) 57,289 shares 

5. 
 Includes
 42,500 shares issuable upon exercise of options. Also includes (i) 19,025 shares 

6. 
 Includes
 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. 

7. 
 Includes
 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. 

24 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

2020 

In
February 2020, OMNIQ entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Carlos J. Nissensohn and/or an entity under his control, a consultant
to the Company and principal stockholder, (the Nissensohn Agreement pursuant to Mr. Carlos J. Nissensohn and/or an entity
under his control will provide certain consulting services to the Company. The Nissensohn Agreement has a four (4) year term and automatically
renews for additional one (1) year periods unless either party elects to terminate the Nissensohn Agreement. Pursuant to the Nissensohn
Agreement, we will pay Mr. Nissensohn a monthly fee of 30,000. Mr. Nissensohn shall also be eligible to receive certain milestone bonuses
as set forth in the Nissensohn Agreement. Mr. Nissensohn is a principal stockholder of the Company. Mr. Carlos J. Nissensohn is the father
of Neev Nissenson, our CFO and board member. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Aggregate
fees billed or incurred related to the following years for professional services rendered by Haynie Company for 2022 and 2021 were
 205 thousand and 182 thousand respectively. 

25 

In
the above table, in accordance with the SEC s definitions and rules, audit fees are fees for professional services
for the audit of a company s financial statements included in the annual report on Form 10-K, for the review of a company s
financial statements included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements; audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of a company s financial statements; tax
fees are fees for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning; and all other fees are fees for any services not
included in the first three categories. 

Our
policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include
audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Under our Audit Committee s policy, pre-approval is generally
provided for particular services or categories of services, including planned services, project-based services and routine consultations.
In addition, the Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee approved all services
that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
The following documents are filed under pages F-1 through F-26 and are included as part of this Form 10-K: 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (HAYNIE) 
 F-2 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (BARZILY) 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-3 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 F-4 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 F-5 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F-6 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-7 

(a)(2)
Financial statement schedules are omitted as they are not applicable. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference and are listed on the attached Exhibit Index, which
begins immediately following the financial statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
16. SUMMARY. 

NONE. 

26 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

OMNIQ CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Shai Lustgarten 

Shai
 Lustgarten 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shai Lustgarten 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Shai
 Lustgarten 

/s/
 Neev Nissenson 
 
 Director,
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Neev
 Nissenson 

/s/
 Yaron Shalem 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Yaron
 Shalem 

/s/
 Andrew J. MacMillan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 J. MacMillan 

/s/
 Mina Teicher 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Mina Teicher 

/s/
 Guy Elhananai 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Guy
 Elhanani 

27 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB: (HAYNIE) 
 F-2 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB: (BARZILY) 
 F-4 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-5 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 F-6 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 F-7 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F-8 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of OMNIQ Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OMNIQ Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
did not audit portions of the December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for Dangot Computers, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary.
The portions not audited by us include assets of 27.5 million as of December 31, 2022, and total revenues of 45.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Those portions of the December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements were audited by other auditors whose
report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as they relate to the amounts included for Dangot Computers, Ltd. is based
solely on the reports of the other auditors. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has a deficit in stockholders equity, and has sustained recurring losses from
operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
with regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets Refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements 

The
Company has goodwill of 16.5 million and other intangible assets of 7.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company evaluates its
goodwill and intangible assets at least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
may not be recoverable. For goodwill, the Company performed an impairment analysis by considering the value of its operating segment
and comparing it to the carrying amount of its goodwill. In consideration of its intangible assets, the Company employed an income approach
using a discounted cash flow using a forecast developed by management. These valuation methods require management to make significant
estimates and assumptions related to projected cash flows. No impairment was recorded by the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

We
identified potential impairment of these assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions made
by management to estimate fair value, including the impact of forecasted growth, and the difference between the fair values and the carrying
values as of December 31, 2022. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need
to involve our fair value specialist, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates
and assumptions related to certain assumptions within the projected cash flows. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among others, gaining an understanding of management s process for developing
the fair value estimate. We used professionals inside our firm with specialized skills and knowledge to assess the Company s methodology.
In evaluating the Company s assumptions, we compared them to historical results, financial information subsequent to year end,
and to customer orders to be filled. Finally, we considered the sensitivity of their cash flow model assumptions by assessing different
scenarios. 

/s/

March
 30, 2023 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 OMNIQ CORP. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Dangot Computers Ltd. (the Company as of December 31, 2022,
the related consolidated statement of operation and comprehensive loss, chang in stockholders equity (defecit) and cash flow for
the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the Financial Statement ). In our opinion, the financial
statement present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of
its operation and its cash flow for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
30,2023 

F- 4 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of December 31, 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and respectively 

Goodwill 

Trade name, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Customer relationships, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Right of use lease asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Line of credit 

Accrued payroll and sales tax 

Notes payable, related parties current portion 

Notes payable current portion 

Lease liability current portion 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Notes payable, related party, less current portion 
 - 

Accrued interest and accrued liabilities, related party 

Notes payable, less current portion 

Lease liability 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity deficit 

Series A Preferred stock; par value; shares designated, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B Preferred stock; par value; share designated, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C Preferred stock; par value; shares designated, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred
 Stock Value 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Total OmniQ stockholders equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interest 
 - 

TOTAL EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Total liabilities and equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Total revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 

Other (expenses) income 

Total other expenses 

Net loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Current 

Total provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to OmniQ Corp 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Less comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributable to OmniQ Corp 

Reconciliation of net loss to net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Net loss 

Less: dividends attributable to non-common stockholders of OmniQ Corp 

Net loss less non-common stockholder dividends 

Non-common stockholder dividends attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders of OmniQ Corp 

Net loss per share - basic attributable to common stockholders of OmniQ Corp 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Income (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 

Series C 
 
 Additional 
 
 Non 
 Accumulated Other 
 Total Stockholders 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Controlling 
 Comprehensive 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Income (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December
 31, 2020 

- 

Dividend on class C shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Dividend declared to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

ESPP stock issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation options, warrants,
 issuances 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock and warrant issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock and warrant issuances, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock and warrant issuance for acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dangot acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise to purchase additional Dangot shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Post-acquisition adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Cumulative translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of equity 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of debt 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

ESPP stock issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation options, warrants,
 issuances 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant issuances, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Non-controlling interests, distributions and other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cumulative translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 

Conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net income (loss) 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

The
accompanying notes to the financials should be read in conjunction with these financial statements. 

F- 7 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operations 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Loss on disposal of PP E 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Stock and warrant issued for services 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of ROU asset 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest and accrued liabilities, related party 

Accrued payroll and sales taxes payable 

Lease liability 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Payment for additional ownership in subsidiary 

Payment for acquisition, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale (purchase) of other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from ESPP stock issuance 

Proceeds from exercise of options and warrants 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from the issuance of notes payable 

Net activity on line of credit 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Non-cash activities: 

Declared dividends payable 

Net assets acquired in business combination 
 - 

Stock compensation in exchange for debt 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of PP E with financing 
 - 

Debt conversion 
 - 

Equity conversion 
 - 

Right of use asset acquired in exchange for lease liability 
 - 

Change in terms of accounts payable 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The
accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

OMNIQ
CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
periodically evaluate the appropriateness of remaining depreciable lives assigned to property and equipment. Leasehold improvements are
amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives or the remaining term of the lease, whichever is shorter.
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. Generally, we
assign the following estimated useful lives to these categories: 

to years 
 
 to years 
 
 to years 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Vehicles 

years 

impairment loss
for definite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

When
the Company determines that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of
the above indicators, the Company determines the recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to net future undiscounted
cash flows that the asset is expected to generate and recognizes an impairment charge equal to the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the fair market value of the asset. 

If
the Company s revenues or other estimated operating results are not achieved at or above our forecasted level, and the Company
is unable to recover such costs through price increases, the carrying value of certain of the Company s intangible assets may prove
to be unrecoverable and we may incur impairment charges of definitive-live intangible assets. 

Definite-lived
intangible assets are stated at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The assets are being amortized on the straight-line method over
useful lives ranging from to years with a remaining weighted average lifespan of years. 

impairment has been recognized. 

and of our purchases in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
lease portfolio is substantially comprised of operating leases related to leases of real estate and improvements. From time to time,
we may also lease various types of small equipment and vehicles. 

Operating
lease right-of-use ROU assets represent our right to use an individual asset for the lease term and lease liabilities
represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at
the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide the lessor s
implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate IBR at the commencement date in determining the present value of
lease payments by utilizing a fully collateralized rate for a fully amortizing loan with the same term as the lease. 

Lease
terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain those options will be exercised. For leases with terms greater
than 12 months, we record the related asset and obligation at the present value of lease payments over the term. Our leases can include
rental escalation clauses, renewal options and/or termination options that are factored into our determination of lease payments when
such renewal options and/or termination options are reasonably certain of exercise. 

A
ROU asset is subject to the same impairment guidance as assets categorized as plant, property, and equipment. As such, any impairment
loss on ROU assets is presented in the same manner as an impairment loss recognized on other long-lived assets. 

A
lease modification is a change to the terms and conditions of a contract that change the scope or consideration of a lease. For example,
a change to the terms and conditions to the contract that adds or terminates the right to use one or more underlying assets, or extends
or shortens the contractual lease term, is a modification. Depending on facts and circumstances, a lease modification may be accounted
as either: (1) the original lease plus the lease of a separate asset(s) or (2) a modified lease. A lease will be remeasured if there
are changes to the lease contract that do not give rise to a separate lease. 

We
account for contracts, with our customers, when we have approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are established, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 

We
evaluate, in accordance with Topic 606, whether we meet the criteria to be a principal or an agent and record the revenue on a gross
or net basis. We are considered a principal if we obtain control of any one of the following: 

i. 
 A
 good or another asset from another party that we then transfer to our customer. 

ii. 
 A
 right to a service to be performed by another party, which gives the us the ability to direct that party to provide the service to
 the customer on our behalf, and 

iii. 
 A
 good or service from another party that we then combine with other goods or services in providing the specified good or service to
 our customer. 

We
have certain relationships with manufacturers and suppliers to sell us products or provide services. Our contracts may transfer to our
customer a right to a future service or product to be provided by our manufacturer or supplier. When a specified good or service is a
right to a good or service is provided by a manufacturer or supplier, we evaluate whether we control the right to the goods or services
before that right is transferred to the customer rather than whether we control the underlying goods or services. 

Indicators
that we control the specified good or service before it is transferred to the customer (and we are therefore a principal) include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

i. 
 We
 are responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service. This typically includes responsibility for the
 acceptability of the specified good or service. If we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified
 good or service, this may indicate that the other party involved in providing the specified good or service is acting on our behalf.
 Often, we provide value added services (combining hardware, integrating hardware to software, etc.) to the products and services
 purchased from our manufacturers and suppliers. 

ii. 
 We
 have inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer. Our purchases of products or services
 from our manufactures and suppliers is evidenced by our issuing a binding purchase order contract with the negotiated terms including
 specifications, pricing, delivery among other things. Our obligation for purchased products and services is mutually exclusive of
 our customers performance (failure to take acceptance, make payment, etc.) 

iii. 
 We
 have sole discretion in establishing our price for the specified good or service. Establishing the price our customer pays for a
 specified good or service may indicate we have the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain substantially all
 of the remaining benefits. We control and set the pricing for the product or services to be provided to our customers. 

If
the terms of a transaction do not indicate we are acting as a principal in the transaction, we are then considered acting as an agent
and the associated revenues would be recognized on a net basis. 

As
principal, when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation, we recognize revenue in the gross amount of consideration which we expect
to be entitled in exchange for the specified good or service transferred. We are an agent if our performance obligation is to arrange
for the provision of the specified good or service by another party. As an agent, we do not control the specified good or service provided
by another party before that good or service is transferred to our customer. As an agent, when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation,
we recognize revenue in the amount of any fee or commission which we expect to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified
goods or services to be provided by another party to our customer. 

Under
Topic 606, we recognize revenue (on either a gross or net basis previously discussed) only when we satisfy a performance obligation by
transferring a promised good or service to our customer. A good or service is considered transferred when the customer obtains control.
The standard defines control as an entity s ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
from, an asset. We recognize revenue (either gross or net) once control has passed to the customer. The following indicators are evaluated
in determining when control has passed to the customer: 

i. 
 We
 have a right to payment for the product or service, 

ii. 
 The
 customer has legal title to the product, 

iii. 
 We
 have transferred physical possession of the product to the customer, 

iv. 
 The
 customer has the risk and rewards of ownership of the product, and 

v. 
 The
 customer has accepted the product. 

Revenue
Recognition for Hardware. Revenues from sales of hardware products are recognized on a gross basis as we are acting as a principal
in these transactions, with the selling price to the customer recorded as sales and the acquisition cost of the product recorded as cost
of sales. We recognize revenue from these transactions when control has passed to the customer. 

Manufacturers
and suppliers, from whom we purchase hardware, often provide their warranties only providing assurance the products and services will
conform to their specifications. These assurance type warranties are not sold separately and are not considered separate performance
obligations. In some transactions, a third-party will provide the customer with an extended warranty. These extended warranties are sold
separately and provide the customer with a service in addition to assurance that the product will function as expected. We consider these
warranties to be separate performance obligations from the underlying product. For warranties, where we are arranging those services
be provided by a third-party, we are acting as an agent in the transaction and records revenue on a net basis at the point of sale. 

Revenue
Recognition for Software. Sales of software licenses are generally considered a single performance obligation. When we are considered
the principal, we recognize revenues on a gross basis at the point the software is delivered to and accepted by our customer. Generally,
software licenses are sold with accompanying third-party delivered software assurance, which is a product that allows customers to upgrade,
at no additional cost, to the latest technology if new capabilities are introduced during the period that the software assurance is in
effect. 

As
explained above, we evaluate whether the software assurance is a separate performance obligation by assessing if the third-party delivered
software assurance is critical or essential to the core functionality of the software itself. This involves considering: 

i. 
 If
 the software provides its original intended functionality to the customer without the updates, 

ii. 
 If
 the customer would ascribe a higher value to the upgrades versus the up-front deliverable, 

iii. 
 If
 the customer would expect frequent intelligence updates to the software (such as updates that maintain the original functionality),
 and 

iv. 
 If
 the customer chooses to not delay or always install upgrades. 

If
we determine the accompanying third-party delivered software assurance is critical or essential to the core functionality of the software
license, the software license and the accompanying third-party delivered software assurance are recognized as a single performance obligation. 

In
some transactions, a third-party will provide the customer with an extended warranty. These extended warranties are sold separately and
provide the customer with a service in addition to assurance that the product will function as expected. We consider these warranties
to be separate performance obligations from the underlying product. For warranties, where we are arranging those services be provided
by a third-party, we are acting as an agent in the transaction and records revenue on a net basis at the point of sale. 

Revenue
Recognition for Services. We provide professional services, which include project managers and consultants recommending, designing
and implementing IT solutions. Revenue from professional services is recognized either on a time and materials basis or proportionally,
as costs are incurred for fixed fee project work. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis each month as work is performed and we transfer
those services. 

Revenues
from the sale of professional and support services, provided by us, are recognized over the period the service is provided. As the customer
receives the benefit of the service each month, we recognize the respective revenue on a gross basis as we are acting as a principal
in the transaction. Additionally, we manage services team provides project support to customers that are billed on a fixed fee basis.
We are acting as the principal in the transaction and recognize revenue on a gross basis based on the total number of hours incurred
for the period over the total expected hours for the project. Total expected hours to complete the project is updated for each period
and best represents the transfer of control of the service to the customer. 

Freight
Costs. We record both the freight billed to its customers and the related freight costs as cost of sales when the underlying product
revenue is recognized. For freight not billed to its customers, we record the freight costs as cost of sales. The Company considers shipping
to be a fulfillment activity and not a separate performance obligation. 

In
October 2021, OMNIQ Board of Directors adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as an incentive to retain
in the employ of and attract new employees, directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees to the Company. Pursuant to the
Plan, 
shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
(the Shares ), were set aside and reserved for issuance. The Plan was approved by our stockholders at the December
2021, shareholders meeting. 
shares were issued in 2021 as part of the Plan. 

In
August 2020, the Board of Directors approved our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and later amended it. In September 2020, our shareholders
adopted and ratified the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. The total number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2020
Plan is . 

Equity
instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services. 

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance of section
505-50-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification FASB ASC Section 505-50-30 ). Pursuant to FASB ASC Section 505-50-30,
all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance
is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. 

Warrants.
 The fair value of the warrants is estimated on the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires
the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the warrants, expected stock price volatility, and expected dividends.
These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. Expected volatilities used in the
valuation model are based on the average volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free rate for the expected term of the option
is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

thousand and thousand,
respectively, on marketing, trade show and store front expense and advertising, net of co-operative rebates. 

The
Company received rebates on advertising from co-operative advertising agreements with several vendors and suppliers. These rebates have
been recorded as a reduction to the related advertising and marketing expense. 

of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. 

Our
income is subject to taxation in both the U.S. and a foreign jurisdiction, Israel. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the
Company s tax positions and determining its provision for income taxes. The Company establishes reserves for income tax-related
uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves for tax contingencies
are established when we believe positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold. We adjust uncertain tax liabilities
in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the outcome of a tax audit or lapse of a statute of limitations. The provision
for income taxes includes the impact of uncertain tax liabilities and changes in liabilities that are considered appropriate. 

and , respectively. Diluted net loss per share
of common stock is the same as basic net loss per share of common stock because the effects of potentially dilutive securities are antidilutive. 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Potential shares excluded from diluted net loss per share 

million as of December 31, 2022 

Accumulated
 deficit of million as of December 31, 2022 

Multiple
 years of losses from operations 

Non compliance with certain debt covenants 

These
facts and others have raised concerns about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis,
which we have successfully accomplished to date. 

The
following conditions, plans and actions are currently being implemented to address the Company s conditions: 

Outstanding warrants exist from prior offerings that could be exercised for cash depending upon the performance of our stock. 

The Company s acquisition of Dangot Computers, Ltd. has improved the balance sheet, profitability, and cash flow and is expected to help the Company as a whole to generate positive cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future. 

The acquisition of Dangot has added capabilities to the Company which have already transformed into significant new orders in the Parking segment. Management expects the collaboration and cross sales to contribute to improved revenues and margins. 

Management is evaluating operating expenses and is developing a plan to reduce expenditures without negatively impacting current operations. Management has already cut staff by about 5 and will continue to do additional overhead cuts. 

On March 25, 2022 management finalized an M
 line of credit from Western Alliance Bank. This line of credit replaced the high interest Action Capital line of Credit M)
 and settle the ScanSource debt M. 

Blue Star - The Company s total accounts payable due to Blue Star as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million. Blue Star is an unsecured creditor, financing a substantial amount the Company s supply chain demand. Management believes that Blue Star will continue supplying the Company with preferable credit terms. Blue Star has agreed to the annual interest rate of on invoices that are past due. As an unsecured creditor of the Company, Blue Star has no incentive to force a liquidation. The Company has enjoyed a good mutual relationship for the past four years. 

, or shares, of the capital stock of Dangot Computers Ltd., an Israel
company Dangot ), from Dangot s sole shareholder, Haim Dangot, for consideration equivalent to NIS (New
Israeli Shekel), which is equal to US million (the Closing Consideration ), based on the then current exchange rate
at the date of acquisition of NIS to dollars. 

The
Closing Consideration was paid on July 8, 2021 in the following manner: (a) the Company issued shares of its common stock having
a share value of thousand and (b) cash in the amount of thousand and thousand payable to owner. 

Haim
Dangot also granted Omniq Technologies an irrevocable option to purchase the remaining shares, or , of Dangot s capital
stock (the Dangot Option in the 12-month period following the closing date (the Dangot Option Period at
a share purchase price of NIS, which is equal to US thousand, per each of Dangot s remaining shares on a fully diluted
basis which is the same valuation per share as the purchase price for the . Effective October 1, 2021 the Company exercised a portion
of its option and purchased an additional of Dangot bringing its ownership to . The Company paid to purchase the additional
shares. 

On April 1, 2022, the Company closed on its acquisition of Dangot and exercised
the remaining portion of its option to purchase of the capital stock, thereby making Dangot a fully owned subsidiary of
the Company. The Company paid to purchase the additional shares. The Company utilized its working capital and a combination
of short and long term loans. 

Accrued payable to owner 

Fair value of stock issued shares) 

Debt assumed 

Total consideration 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Trade name 

Customer relationship 

Other intangible assets 

Assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

Non-controlling interest 

Net assets acquired 

The
proforma unaudited revenue and earnings as if the acquisition had been included in the consolidated results of the company for the full
year ending December 31, 2021 were million in revenues and million net loss. 

Since
the acquisition the amounts included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income from Dangot Computers Ltd. for the year ended
December 31, 2021, was million in revenue and thousand in net income. 

Less allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total accounts receivable (net) 

Accounts
receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are made up of trade receivables due from customers in the ordinary course of business. No
customer accounted for more than of the balance of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, and one customer accounted for 
of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2021. 

Inventory in transit 
 
 - 
 
 Finished goods (less allowance) 

Total inventories 

Leasehold improvements 

Software and computer equipment 

Furniture and equipment 

Vehicle 

Property and equipment, Gross 
 
 - 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property
and equipment, Net 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately thousand. Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021
was approximately thousand. 

impairment
charges recorded against goodwill in 2022 and 2021. Identifiable intangible assets are stated at cost, net of accumulated amortization.
The assets are being amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives ranging from to years. Amortization expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

Trade names 

Customer relationships 

Other intangibles 

Intangibles gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangibles, net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill
is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually or when indicators of a potential impairment are present. The impairment testing
of goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of intangibles. The annual evaluation for impairment of goodwill and
intangibles is based on valuation models that incorporate assumptions and internal projections of expected future cash flows and operating
plans. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 

Purchased
intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives (using an accelerated method for
customer relationships and trade names) to their estimated residual values, if any. The Company s finite-lived intangible assets
consist of customer relationships, contractor and resume databases, trade names, and internal use software and are being amortized over
periods ranging from two to . Purchased intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if facts and circumstances indicate
that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated or that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. If such facts
and circumstances exist, recoverability is assessed by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related
asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the
excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, the rate
of amortization is accelerated, and the remaining carrying value is amortized over the new shorter useful life. impairments were identified
or changes to estimated useful lives have been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million. BridgeBank reserves and withholds to of the face amount of each account
purchased in a reserve account. 

The BFA credit facility is collateralized with a senior security interest in certain assets of the Company. The BFA includes
customary representations and warranties and default provisions for transactions of this type. 

Note payable Thomet 

Total notes payable 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 
 - 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense in connection with these notes in the
amount of thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Note
Payable -Marin 

In
December 2017, we entered into a thousand, annual interest rate note payable (the Marin Note with two individuals
from whom we previously acquired their company (in 2014). The Marin Note is payable in principal payments of thousand
beginning in October 2018. Accrued interest payable as of December 31, 2022, was thousand. Accrued interest is payable at maturity. 

Note
Payable Thomet 

In
December 2017, we entered into a thousand, zero percent annual interest rate note payable (the Thomet Note with an
individual from whom we previously acquired his company (in 2014). The Thomet Note is payable in principal payments of 
thousand beginning in October 2018. 

Notes Payable - other 

Total 

Less current portion 

Long Term Notes Payable 

2024 

Total 

Secured
Supplier Note Payable 

On
July 18, 2016, the Company and the Supplier entered into a certain secured promissory note, with an effective date of July 1, 2016, in
the principal amount of million (the Secured Promissory Note ). The USD Note accrues interest at per annum and
is payable in six consecutive monthly installments of principal and accrued interest in a minimum principal amount of thousand each,
with any remaining principal and accrued interest due and payable on December 31, 2016. This note was extended and amended multiple times
and as of March 25, 2022, is paid in full. 

Other
Notes Payable 

On
July 29, 2021, the Company entered into a long-term loan from Leumi Bank totalling NIS million, which at the time was approximately
 million. The note accrues interest at the Israeli Prime Rate plus which currently equals per annum and is payable in
 instalments of principal and interest over . The note is secured by shares of Dangot Computers, Ltd. 

On
November 28, 2021, the Company entered into another long-term loan from Leumi Bank totalling NIS million, which at the time was approximately
 million. The note accrues interest at the Israeli Prime Rate plus which currently equals per annum and is payable in
 instalments of principal and interest over . The note is secured by shares of Dangot Computers, Ltd. 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company purchased vehicles using cash and financing of NIS thousand, approximately thousand, to be paid
off in monthly interest and principal payments over . The loan accrues interest at per annum and is secured by the vehicles.
As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance was NIS thousand, approximately thousand. 

On
March 27, 2022, the Company entered into another long-term loan from Leumi Bank totalling NIS million, which at the time was approximately
 million. The note accrues interest at the Israeli Prime Rate plus which currently equals per annum and is payable in
 instalments of principal and interest over . The note is secured by shares of Dangot Computers, Ltd. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company entered into a long-term loan from Hapoalim Bank totalling NIS million, which at the time was approximately
 million. The note accrues interest at per annum and is payable in instalments of principal and interest over . as
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance was NIS million, approximately million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into five lines of credit totalling NIS million, as of December 31, 2021, the
outstanding balance was NIS million, approximately million. These loans were replaced in 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into five short term loans totalling NIS million, approximately million.
The note accrues average interest at per annum. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance
with certain financial covenants related to the Bank Leumi and Bank Hapoalim debt. The Company s failure to comply with these financial
covenants could result in an event of default under its debt agreements. Therefore, we reclassified the total balance as current debt
on the balance sheet. The Company is actively pursuing options to address its noncompliance. The lenders have not requested early repayment
of the loan as of the date when these financial statements were available to be issued. 

Dividend payable 

Others 

Total other liabilities 

Less current portion 

Total long term other liabilities 

thousand and thousand. 

Operating
Leases 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 5 Operating leases as follows: 

Office
 space in Akron, Ohio, with monthly payments of thousand and an incremental borrowing rate of . As of December 31, 2022,
 we had months remaining on the lease. 

Office
 space in Salt Lake City UT with monthly payments of thousand. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had months remaining on
 the lease. 

Dangot s
 corporate offices are currently located at Yad harutzim 14 Tel-Aviv, Israel and serves as the company s main operating location.
 As of December 31, 2022, we had months remaining on the lease. 

The
 Company lease additional office space for our finance and service department at Yad harutzim 14 Tel-Aviv, Israel. As of December
 31, 2022, the Company had months remaining on the lease. 

The
 Company also lease office and warehouse space for our products and technical support staff in Rival Street, Tel-Aviv, Israel. As
 of December 31, 2022, the Company had months remaining on the lease. 

Amortization 

Effective foreign exchange rates 

Increase 

ROU asset - December 31, 2021 

Increase 
 - 
 
 Effective foreign exchange rates 

Amortization 

ROU asset - December 31, 2022 

In thousands 

Lease liability - January 1, 2021 

Increase 

Effective foreign exchange rates 

Amortization 

Lease liability - December 31, 2021 

Decrease 
 - 
 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 - 

Effective foreign exchange rates 

Amortization 

Lease liability - December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of months and a weighted average discount rate
of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less current obligations 

Long term lease obligations 

LITIGATION 

The
Company was named a defendant in a case involving a former employee who claims he is owed approximately thousand in unpaid commissions.
The Company is defending the case. This case was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Diego on October
21, 2020. 

The
company is not a party to any other pending material legal proceeding in which it is defending against any claims of material significance.
To the knowledge of management, no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against the
Company. To the knowledge of management, no director, executive officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially
of more than five percent of the Company s Common Stock is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to
the Company in any proceeding. 

Series A preferred shares authorized and zero Series A preferred shares outstanding.

Series
B 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was one preferred share authorized and zero preferred shares outstanding. 

Series
C 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Series C Preferred Shares Series C authorized with and 
issued and outstanding, respectively. The Series C shares have preferential rights above common shares and the Series B Preferred Shares
and is entitled to receive a quarterly dividend at a rate of per share per annum and have a liquidation preference of per share.
Series C shares outstanding are convertible into common stock at the rate of 20 preferred shares to one share of common stock. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accrued dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

In
2021, certain holders of Series C Shares elected to convert million or Series C shares and thousand in accrued dividends
in exchange for OMNIQ common stock shares. 

COMMON
STOCK 

In
October 2021, OMNIQ Board of Directors adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as an incentive to retain in
the employ of and attract new employees, directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees to the Company. Pursuant to the Plan,
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value (the Shares ), were set aside and reserved for issuance.
The Plan approved by our stockholders at the December 2021, shareholders meeting. shares were issued to employees and
consultants in 2022, and shares were issued under the Plan in 2021. 

In
August 2020, OMNIQ Board of Directors adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as an incentive to retain in
the employ of and attract new employees, directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees to the Company. Pursuant to the Plan,
one million shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
 (the Shares ), were set aside and
reserved for issuance. The Plan approved by our stockholders at the September 2020, shareholders meeting. 
 shares were issued under the Plan in 2021, or 2022. 

In
December 2015, our Board of Directors approved the OMNIQ. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). For the years ending
December 31, 2022 and 2021, employees purchased thousand) shares and thousand) shares of commons stock. 

Warrants
and Stock Options 

In
connection with the July 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement previously described, we issued warrants to purchase shares of our
common stock at an exercise price equal to per Warrant Share, which warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from the
issuance date. The warrants were valued at million. 

Options
and warrants are valued at the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation methodology. The Company determines the assumptions used
in the valuation of warrants and option awards as of the date of grant. Differences in the expected stock price volatility, expected
term or risk-free interest rate may necessitate distinct valuation assumptions at those grant dates. As such, the Company may use different
assumptions for options and warrants granted throughout the year. 

The
valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of each option and warrant awarded in 2022: expected stock price volatility
ranged from 
 to ;
expected term in years ;
and risk-free interest rate ranged from 
to . 

The
valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of each warrant awarded in 2021: expected stock price volatility expected
term in years ; and risk-free interest rate . 

No
additional options were issued in 2021. 

No
warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For
warrants exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021, the difference between the fair value of the Common Stock issued and the
respective exercise price was thousand. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 

Balance, end of year 

Exercisable warrants 

to 

- 

- 

- 

- 

We
have a stock option plan whereby the Board of Directors, may grant to directors, officers, employees, or consultants of the Company options
to acquire common shares. The Board of Directors of the Company has the authority to determine the terms, limits, restrictions and conditions
of the grant of options, to interpret the plan, and make all decisions relating thereto. The plan was adopted by the Company s
Board of Directors on November 17, 2014 in order to provide an inducement and serve as a long-term incentive program. The maximum number
of common shares that may be reserved for issuance was set at . 

The
option exercise price is established by the Board of Directors and may not be lower than the market price of the common shares at the
time of grant. The options may be exercised during the option period determined by the Board of Directors, which may vary, but will not
exceed ten years from the date of the grant. There are of the Company s common shares which may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of share options granted under the Plan. 

For
options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022, the difference between the fair value of the Common Stock issued and the respective
exercise price was thousand. As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value for vested stock options was thousand. 

For
options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021, the difference between the fair value of the Common Stock issued and the respective
exercise price was million. As of December 31, 2021, the intrinsic value for vested stock options was million. 

Stock
Options - The following table summarizes information about stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 

Stock options granted 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock options expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Stock options cancelled, forfeited 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock options exercised 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, end of year 

Exercisable stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock Option vesting 

Total 

thousand. 

In
 addition to the above, in the event of an equity financing resulting in gross proceeds of at least million to us within 24 months
 of the date the contract, Mr. Nissensohn shall further be entitled to certain warrants to be granted by us which upon their exercise
 pursuant to their terms, Mr. Nissensohn shall be entitled to receive OMNIQ shares which represent of the OMNIQ issued share capital
 immediately prior to the consummation of such investment. The warrants will carry an exercise price per warrant/share representing
 of the closing price per share as closed in the equity financing. This section and the issue of the warrant by OMNIQ are subject
 to the approval of the Board of Directors of OMNIQ. However, if the Board does not approve the issuance of warrants; then Mr. Nissensohn
 will be entitled to a fee with the equivalent value based on a Black Scholes valuation 

In
 addition to the above, Mr. Nissensohn will be entitled to a thousand one-time payment which shall be paid on the 1 st day
 that the OMNIQ shares become traded on the NASDAQ or NYSE Stock Market within 24 months of the date of the contract 

In
 addition to the aforementioned, in the event that we close any M A transaction with a third party target, Mr. Nissensohn shall
 be entitled to a success fee in the amount equal to of the total transaction price, in any combination of cash and shares that
 will be determined by OMNIQ 

Additional
related party transactions are discussed in Note 10. 

and , respectively, of the Company s revenues. 

Information
about Geographic Areas 

Israel 

Rest of the world 

Total revenues 

The
Company s operations are subject to various political, economic, and other risks and uncertainties inherent in the countries in
which the Company operates. Among other risks, the Company s operations are subject to the risks of restrictions on transfer of
funds; export duties, quotas and embargoes; domestic and international customs and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange
restrictions; and political conditions and governmental regulations. 

thousand of current income tax provision (US State Local and Foreign) and
 thousand deferred income tax expense. 

163(j) Limitation 

Foreign deferred tax assets 

Net operating loss 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Amortization of intangible assets and depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. In assessing
the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Management has recorded a 100 
Valuation Allowance, against its U.S. Net Deferred Tax Assets, since Management believes it is more likely than not that it will not
be realized at the date of this statement. The Company will continue to monitor the potential utilization of this asset. Should factors
and evidence change to aid in this assessment, a potential adjustment to the valuation allowance in future periods may occur. The Company
records any penalties and interest as a component of operating expenses. 

State taxes 

Foreign income taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 

Return to provision adjustments 
 (.03 
 .079 
 
 Other 
 (.76 

Effective tax rate 
 (.44 

The
Company reported no uncertain tax liability as of December 31, 2022 and expects no significant change to the uncertain tax liability
over the next twelve months. The Company s 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 federal and state income tax returns
are open for examination by the applicable governmental authorities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a net operating loss (NOL) carryforward of approximately million. A portion of the NOL carryforward begins
to expire in 2027. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC Section 382 ), a corporation
that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its use of pre-change NOL carryforwards to offset future
taxable income. Within the meaning of IRC Section 382, an ownership change occurs when the aggregate stock ownership of
certain stockholders (generally 5 shareholders, applying certain look-through rules and aggregation rules which combine unrelated shareholders
that do not individually own 5 or more of the corporation s stock into one or more public groups that may be treated
as 5-percent shareholder) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders lowest percentage ownership during
the testing period (generally three years). In general, the annual use limitation equals the aggregate value of common stock at the time
of the ownership change multiplied by a specified tax-exempt interest rate. The Company has not completed a study as to whether there
is a 382 limitation on its NOLs that will limit or possibly eliminate the use of its NOLs in the future. Company s Management has
recorded a 100 valuation allowance on the entire NOL as it believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset associated
with the NOLs will not be realized regardless of whether or not an ownership change has occurred. 

F- 33 

EXHIBIT
INDEX we will update the exhibit index 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

(a)

Exhibits. 

3.1 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated November 18, 2019 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2019. 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock on June 17, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 21, 2016. 

3.3 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of OMNIQ Corp., dated September 30, 2020, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 12,492,136.51 Secured Promissory Note, from Quest Solution, Inc., Bar Code Specialties, Inc., Quest Marketing, Inc., Quest Solution Canada Inc., Quest Exchange Ltd. and their subsidiaries and/or affiliates, jointly and severally, to ScanSource, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2016. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.3 
 
 483,173.60 CAD Secured Promissory Note, from Quest Solution, Inc., Bar Code Specialties, Inc., Quest Marketing, Inc., Quest Solution Canada Inc., Quest Exchange Ltd. and their subsidiaries and/or affiliates, jointly and severally, to ScanSource, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2016. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2019. 

4.5 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2019. 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Shai Lustgarten dated February 17, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017. 

10.2 
 
 Modification Agreement by and between the Company and Shai Lustgarten dated February 17, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017. 

10.14 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Carlos J Nissensohn dated August 2, 2017 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2017. 

10.15 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and YES-IF dated September 8, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2017. 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Benjamin Kemper dated October 2, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2017. 

10.24 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and David Marin dated February 28, 2018. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2018. 

28 

10.36 
 
 Neev Nissenson Employment Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019. 

10.37 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 

10.38 
 
 Shai Lustgarten Employment Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 

10.39 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 

10.40 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement on February 28, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 

10.41 
 
 Employment Agreement with Shai Lustgarten on September, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019. 

10.42 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Carlos J. Nissensohn on September, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019. 

10.43 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2020. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of our Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of our Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM
16. NONE. 

29 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

Description
of Securities 

We
are authorized to issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 per share. We have designated 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock
as Series A Preferred Stock, one share of preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock and 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series
C Preferred Stock. 

As
of March 10, 2023, we have 7,882,628 shares of common stock outstanding. The following description of our common stock is a summary and is subject
to and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which is incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-k for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not expressly prohibit cumulative voting.
The holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out
of legally available funds. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding- up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably
in all assets that are legally available for distribution. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non- assessable.
The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges
of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock,
which may be designated solely by action of the Board of Directors and issued in the future. 

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol OMQS . 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 

Quest
 Marketing, Inc. 
 
 Oregon 

HTS
 Image Processing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

OmniQ
 Vision Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

HTS
 Image Ltd. 
 
 Israel 

OmniQ
 Technologies Ltd 
 
 Israel 

Dangot
 Computers, Ltd 
 
 Israel 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of OMNIQ Corp. and subsidiaries, formerly known as Quest Solution,
Inc., on Form S-8 (File No. 333-213746) of our report dated March 30, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
of OMNIQ Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
Haynie Company 

 Haynie
 Company 

Salt
Lake City, Utah 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Shai Lustgarten, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OMNIQ Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Shai Lustgarten 

Shai
 Lustgarten 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) 

I,
Neev Nissenson, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OMNIQ Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Neev Nissenson 

Neev
 Nissenson 

Director,
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OMNIQ Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Shai Lustgarten, Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board does certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Shai Lustgarten 

Shai
 Lustgarten 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OMNIQ Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Neev Nissenson, Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board does certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Neev Nissenson 

Neev
 Nissenson 

Director,
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting
 Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 omqs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 omqs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 omqs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 omqs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

