<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_75362_0001564590-23-002203.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41950662</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293220</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3048339</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17058015</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4639007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>16021236</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002203.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222160732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACCAR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		IRS NUMBER:				910351110
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14817
		FILM NUMBER:		23653139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PACCAR BUILDING
		STREET 2:		777 106TH AVENUE NE
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425 468 7525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PACCAR BUILDING
		STREET 2:		777 106TH AVENUE NE
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC CAR & FOUNDRY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002203.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 pcar-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

pcar-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____. 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 
 I ndicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion. 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 1 par value, of the registrant outstanding. 

PACCAR Inc FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

3 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 10 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 13 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 14 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 14 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 14 

PART II 

15 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 15 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 16 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 17 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 32 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 33 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 78 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 78 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 78 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 78 

PART III 

79 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 79 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 79 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 80 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 80 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 80 

PART IV 

81 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 81 

SIGNATURES 

84 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS. 

 PACCAR Inc (the Company or PACCAR), incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1971, is the successor to Pacific Car and Foundry Company which was incorporated in Washington in 1924. The Company traces its predecessors to Seattle Car Manufacturing Company formed in 1905. 
 Description of Business 
 PACCAR is a multinational company operating in three principal industry segments: 

(1) 
 
 The Truck segment includes the design, manufacture and distribution of high-quality, light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks. Heavy-duty trucks have a gross vehicle weight (GVW) of over 33,000 lbs (Class 8) in North America and over 16 metric tonnes in Europe and South America. Medium-duty trucks have a GVW ranging from 19,500 to 33,000 lbs (Class 6 to 7) in North America, and in Europe, light- and medium-duty trucks range between 6 and 16 metric tonnes. Trucks are configured with engine in front of cab (conventional) or cab-over-engine (COE). 

(2) 
 
 The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. 

(3) 
 
 The Financial Services segment includes finance and leasing products and services provided to customers and dealers. PACCAR s finance and leasing activities are principally related to PACCAR products and associated equipment. 

 PACCAR s Other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches. 
 TRUCKS 
 PACCAR s trucks are marketed under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. These trucks, which are built in three plants in the United States, three in Europe and one each in Australia, Brasil, Canada and Mexico, are used worldwide for over-the-road and off-highway hauling of commercial and consumer goods. The Company also designs and manufactures diesel engines, primarily for use in the Company s trucks, at its facilities in Columbus, Mississippi Eindhoven, the Netherlands and Ponta Grossa, Brasil. PACCAR competes in the North American Class 8 market, primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Chillicothe, Ohio Denton, Texas Renton, Washington and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR also competes in the North American Class 6 to 7 markets primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Ste. Therese, Canada Denton, Texas, and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR competes in the European light/medium market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the United Kingdom (U.K.) by Leyland, one of PACCAR s wholly owned subsidiaries, and participates in the European heavy market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the Netherlands and the U.K. PACCAR competes in the Brazilian heavy truck market with DAF COE models assembled at Ponta Grossa in the state of Paran , Brasil. PACCAR competes in the Australian medium and heavy truck markets with Kenworth conventional and COE models and certain DAF COE models assembled at its facility at Bayswater in the state of Victoria, Australia, and DAF COE models primarily assembled in the U.K. Commercial truck manufacturing comprises the largest segment of PACCAR s business and accounted for 75 of total 2022 net sales and revenues. 
 Substantially all trucks are sold to independent dealers. The Kenworth and Peterbilt nameplates are marketed and distributed by separate divisions in the U.S. and a foreign subsidiary in Canada. The Kenworth nameplate is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Mexico and Australia. The DAF nameplate is marketed and distributed worldwide by a foreign subsidiary headquartered in the Netherlands and is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Brasil and Australia. The decision to operate as a subsidiary or as a division is incidental to PACCAR s Truck segment operations and reflects legal, tax and regulatory requirements in the various countries where PACCAR operates. 
 The Truck segment utilizes centrally managed purchasing, information technology, technical research and testing, treasury and finance functions. Some manufacturing plants in North America produce trucks for more than one nameplate, while other plants produce trucks for only one nameplate, depending on various factors. Best manufacturing practices within the Company are shared on a routine basis reflecting the similarity of the business models employed by each nameplate. 
 3 

The Company s trucks have a reputation for high quality products, most of which are ordered by dealers according to customer specifications. Some units are ordered by dealers for stocking to meet the needs of certain customers who require immediate delivery or for customers that require chassis to be fitted with specialized bodies. For a significant portion of the Company s truck operations, major components, such as engines, transmissions and axles, as well as a substantial percentage of other components, are purchased from component manufacturers pursuant to PACCAR and customer specifications. DAF, which is more vertically integrated, manufactures PACCAR engines and axles and a higher percentage of other components for its heavy truck models. The Company also manufactures engines at its Columbus, Mississippi facility. In 202 2 , the Company installed PACCAR engines in approximately 42 of the Company s Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy duty trucks in the U.S. and Canada and substantially all of the DAF heavy-duty trucks sold throughout the world. Engines not manufactured by the Company are purchased from Cummins Inc. (Cummins). The Company purchased a significant portion of its transmissions from Eaton Corporation Plc. (Eaton) and ZF Friedrichshafen AG (ZF). The Company also purchased a significant portion of North America stampings used for cabs from Magna International Inc. (Magna). The Company has long-term agreements with Cummins, Eaton, ZF and Magna to provide for continuity of supply. A loss of supply from Cummins, Eaton, ZF or Magna, and the resulting interruption in the production of trucks, would have a material effect on the Company s results. Purchased materials and parts include raw materials, partially processed materials, such as castings, and finished components manufactured by independent suppliers. The Company and its suppliers rel y on semiconductors as an essential component in the production of its trucks and aftermarket parts. The Company and its suppliers source semiconductors from various suppliers. Raw materials, partially processed materials and finished components typically make up approximately 8 5 of the cost of new trucks. The value of finished truck components manufactured by independent suppliers ranges from approximately 34 in Europe to approximately 8 6 in North America. In addition to materials, the Company s cost of sales includes labor and factory overhead, vehicle delivery and warranty. Accordingly, except for certain factory overhead costs such as facilities depreciation, property taxes and utilities, the Company s cost of sales are highly correlated to sales. 
 The Company s DAF subsidiary purchases fully assembled cabs from a competitor, Renault V.I., for its European light-, medium-duty product line pursuant to a joint product development and long-term supply contract. Sales of trucks manufactured with these cabs amounted to approximately 3 of consolidated revenues in 2022. A short-term loss of supply, and the resulting interruption in the production of these trucks, would not have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. However, a loss of supply for an extended period of time would require the Company to either contract for an alternative source of supply or to manufacture cabs itself. 
 Other than these components, the Company is not limited to any single source for any significant component, although the sudden inability of a supplier to deliver components could have a temporary adverse effect on production of certain products. Manufacturing inventory levels are based upon production schedules, and orders are placed with suppliers accordingly. 
 Key factors affecting Truck segment earnings include the number of new trucks sold in the markets served and the margins realized on the sales. The Company s sales of new trucks are dependent on the size of the truck markets served and the Company s share of those markets. Truck segment sales and margins tend to be cyclical based on the level of overall economic activity, the availability of capital and the amount of freight being transported. The Company s costs for trucks consist primarily of material costs, which are influenced by the price of commodities such as steel, copper, aluminum and petroleum. The Company utilizes long-term supply agreements to reduce the variability of the unit cost of purchased materials and finished components and engages in hedging activities for some commodities in certain geographical markets. The Company s spending on research and development varies based on product development cycles and government requirements such as changes to diesel engine emissions and vehicle fuel efficiency standards in the various markets served. The Company maintains rigorous control of selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses and seeks to minimize such costs. 
 There are four principal competitors in the U.S. and Canada commercial truck market. The Company s share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market was 29.8 of retail sales in 2022, and the Company s medium-duty market share was 10.9 . In Europe, there are six principal competitors in the commercial truck market, including parent companies to the four competitors of the Company in the U.S. In 2022, DAF had a 17.3 share of the European heavy-duty market and a 9.7 share of the light/medium-duty market. These markets are highly competitive in price, quality and service. PACCAR is not dependent on any single customer for its sales. There are no significant seasonal variations in sales. 
 The Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF nameplates are recognized internationally and play an important role in the marketing of the Company s truck products. The Company engages in a continuous program of trademark and trade name protection in all marketing areas of the world. 
 The Company s truck products are subject to noise, emission and safety regulations. Competing manufacturers are subject to the same regulations. The Company believes the cost of complying with these regulations will not be detrimental to its business. 
 The Company had a total production backlog of 18.1 billion at the end of 2022. Within this backlog, orders scheduled for delivery within three months (90 days) are considered to be firm. The 90 day backlog approximated 8.0 billion at December 31, 2022, 5.2 billion at December 31, 2021 and 4.6 billion at December 31, 2020. Production of the year-end 2022 backlog is expected to be substantially completed during 2023. 
 4 

PARTS 
 The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles to over 2,300 Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers in 95 countries around the world. Aftermarket truck parts are sold and delivered to the Company s independent dealers through the Company s 18 strategically located parts distribution centers (PDCs) in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, Mexico and Central and South America. Parts are primarily purchased from various suppliers and also manufactured by the Company. Aftermarket parts inventory levels are determined largely by anticipated customer demand and the need for timely delivery. The Parts segment accounted for 20 of total 2022 net sales and revenues. 
 Key factors affecting Parts segment earnings include the aftermarket parts sold in the markets served and the margins realized on the sales. Aftermarket parts sales are influenced by the total number of the Company s trucks in service and the average age and mileage of those trucks. To reflect the benefit the Parts segment receives from costs incurred by the Truck segment, certain factory overhead, research and development, engineering and SG&A expenses are allocated from the Truck segment to the Parts segment. The Company s cost for parts sold consists primarily of material costs, which are influenced by the price of commodities such as steel, copper, aluminum and petroleum. The Company utilizes long-term supply agreements to reduce the variability of the cost of parts sold. The Company maintains rigorous control of SG&A expenses and seeks to minimize such costs. 
 FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 PACCAR Financial Services (PFS) operates in 26 countries in North America, Europe, Australia and South America through wholly owned finance companies operating under the PACCAR Financial trade name. PFS also conducts full-service leasing operations through operating divisions or wholly owned subsidiaries in North America, Germany and Australia under the PacLease trade name. Selected dealers in North America are franchised to provide full-service leasing. PFS provides its franchisees with equipment financing and administrative support. PFS also operates its own full service lease outlets. PFS s retail loan and lease customers consist of small, medium and large commercial trucking companies, independent owner/operators and other businesses and acquire their PACCAR trucks principally from independent PACCAR dealers. PFS accounted for 5 of total net sales and revenues and 52 of total assets in 2022. 
 PFS is primarily responsible for managing the sales of the Company s used trucks. The Company s Financial Services segment sells used trucks returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business and trucks acquired from repossessions. PFS also obtains used trucks from the Truck segment in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (RVGs). Certain gains and losses from the sale of used trucks are shared with the Truck segment. The Company s Financial Services segment records revenue on the sale of used trucks received in trade and RVG returns. 
 The Company s finance receivables are classified as dealer wholesale, dealer retail and customer retail segments. The dealer wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing to independent PACCAR dealers. The dealer retail segment consists of loans and leases to participating dealers and franchises, which use the proceeds to fund their customers acquisition of trucks and related equipment. The customer retail segment consists of loans and leases directly to customers for their acquisition of trucks and related equipment. Customer retail receivables are further segregated by fleet and owner/operator classes. The fleet class consists of customers operating five or more trucks. All others are considered owner/operators. Similar methods are employed to assess and monitor credit risk for each class. 
 Finance receivables are secured by the trucks and related equipment being financed or leased. The terms of loan and lease contracts generally range from three to five years depending on the type and use of equipment. Payment is required on dealer inventory financing when the floored truck is sold to a customer or upon maturity of the flooring loan, whichever comes first. Dealer inventory loans generally mature within one year. 
 The Company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in public and private offerings and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. An additional source of funds is loans from other PACCAR companies. PFS matches the maturity and interest rate characteristics of its debt with the maturity and interest rate characteristics of loans and leases. 
 Key factors affecting the earnings of the Financial Services segment include the volume of new loans and leases, the yield earned on the loans and leases, the costs of funding investments in loans and leases, the ability to collect the amounts owed to PFS, the volume of used truck sales and used truck prices. New loan and lease volume is dependent on the volume of new trucks sold by Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF and the share of those truck sales that are financed by the Financial Services segment. The Company s Financial Services market share is influenced by the extent of competition in the financing market. PFS s primary competitors include commercial banks and independent finance and leasing companies. 
 5 

The revenue earned on loans and leases depends on market interest and lease rates and the ability of PFS to differentiate itself from the competition by superior industry knowledge and customer service. Dealer inventory loans have variable rates with rates reset monthly based on an index pertaining to the applicable local market. Retail loan and lease contracts normally have fixed rates over the contract term. PFS obtains funds either through fixed rate borrowings or through variable rate borrowings, a portion of which have been effectively converted to fixed rate through the use of interest-rate contracts. This enables PFS to obtain a stable spread between the cost of borrowing and the yield on fixed rate contracts over the contract term. Included in Financial Services cost of revenues is depreciation on equipment on operating leases. The amount of depreciation on operating leases principally depends on the acquisition cost of leased equipment, the term of the leases, which generally ranges from three to five years, and the residual value of the leases, which generally ranges from 30 to 70 . The margin earned is the difference between the revenues on loan and lease contracts and the direct costs of operation, including interest and depreciation. 
 PFS incurs credit losses when customers are unable to pay the full amounts due under loan and finance lease contracts. PFS takes a conservative approach to underwriting new retail business in order to minimize credit losses. 
 The ability of customers to pay their obligations to PFS depends on the state of the general economy, the extent of freight demand, freight rates and the cost of fuel, among other factors. PFS limits its exposure to any one customer, with no one customer or dealer balance representing over 5 of the aggregate portfolio assets. PFS generally requires a down payment and secures its interest in the underlying truck collateral and may require other collateral or guarantees. In the event of default, PFS will repossess the truck and sell it in the open market primarily through its dealer network as well as PFS used truck centers. PFS will also seek to recover any shortfall between the amounts owed and the amounts recovered from sale of the collateral. The amount of credit losses depends on the rate of default on loans and finance leases and, in the event of repossession, the ability to recover the amount owed from sale of the collateral which is affected by used truck prices. PFS s experience over the last sixty years financing truck sales has been that periods of economic weakness result in higher past dues and increased rates of repossession. Used truck prices also tend to fall during periods of economic weakness. As a result, credit losses tend to increase during periods of economic weakness. PFS provides an allowance for credit losses based on specifically identified customer risks and an analysis of estimated losses inherent in the portfolio, considering the amount of past due accounts, the trends of used truck prices and the current and forecasted economic conditions of its geographic markets. 
 Financial Services SG&A expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with originating and servicing the loan and lease portfolios. These costs vary somewhat depending on overall levels of business activity, but given the ongoing nature of servicing activities, tend to be relatively stable. 
 OTHER BUSINESSES 
 Other businesses include the manufacturing of industrial winches in two U.S. plants and marketing them under the Braden, Carco and Gearmatic nameplates. The markets for these products are highly competitive, and the Company competes with a number of well established firms. Sales of industrial winches were less than 1 of total net sales and revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Braden, Carco and Gearmatic trademarks and trade names are recognized internationally and play an important role in the marketing of those products. 
 PATENTS 
 The Company owns numerous patents which relate to all product lines. Although these patents are considered important to the overall conduct of the Company s business, no patent or group of patents is considered essential to a material part of the Company s business. 
 REGULATION 
 As a manufacturer of highway trucks, the Company is subject to the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act and Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards promulgated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as well as environmental laws and regulations in the United States, and is subject to similar regulations in all countries where it has operations and where its trucks are distributed. In addition, the Company is subject to certain other licensing requirements to do business in the United States and Europe. The Company believes it is in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to safety standards, the environment and other licensing requirements in all countries where it has operations and where its trucks are distributed. 
 
 6 

The Company designs and manufactures engines for use in PACCAR vehicles worldwide. The Company s operations and products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and non-greenhouse gas emissions. These include standards imposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Union, U.S. state regulatory agencies (such as the California Air Resources Board), regulatory agencies in other international markets where the Company operates, and non-binding international accords related to climate change. The primary laws and regulations are the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Monitoring and Reporting of CO2 Emissions from Fuel Consumption of New Heavy-Duty Vehicles, and the Heavy-Duty Omnibus Regulation of the California Air Resources Board. PACCAR established its science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. The Company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations in the markets in which the Company conducts business. The Company will continue to fund capital and R&D projects to meet future emissions and certification requirements through the introduction of new technologies to our products, engines and exhaust after-treatment systems. 
 
 The Company s manufacturing and assembly plants are subject to environmental laws and regulations such as regulating air emissions, water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous substances. Failure to comply with these regulations could lead to fines and other penalties. The Company believes in all material respects it is in compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to our plants and operations. 
 Information regarding the effects that compliance with international, federal, state and local environmental regulations have on the Company s capital and operating expenditures and the Company s involvement in environmental matters is included in Item 1A, Risk Factors and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in Items 7 and 8, respectively. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 PACCAR is committed to a strong, diverse and inclusive culture and the Company s excellent financial results reflect its human centered philosophy. The Company provides its employees with robust benefit packages, comprehensive training programs, tuition assistance and a work environment that promotes safety and diversity. 
 
 The Company s benefit packages support employee physical, emotional and financial well-being. Employee satisfaction and engagement are measured through periodic surveys. Employee training and development programs are extensive and comprehensive, including professional and technical skills training, compliance training, leadership development and management training. The Company has diversity councils throughout its global business that set goals to enhance business success through diverse and inclusive workplaces. The Company is proud to have been honored for the past several years as a Top Company for Women to Work for in Transportation by the Women in Trucking Association. PACCAR has a proud tradition of making grants around the world for education, social services and the arts to enrich the communities in which its employees live and work. 
 
 Safety is a key priority and the Company s major manufacturing facilities are equipped with safety and health departments staffed with trained medical personnel. The Company s managers continuously address safety enhancements provide regular and ongoing safety training and use displays located in factories to provide all employees with safety-related information. PACCAR's consistent focus on workplace safety has resulted in a recordable injury rate lower than the U.S. industry average. 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 31,100 employees. Approximately 38 are U.S. employees. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL AND SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP 
 
 Reducing the environmental impact of the Company s activities and products is an integral part of the Company s process of continuous improvement. PACCAR s commitment to the environment is demonstrated in the Company s energy efficient operations and technologically advanced products. The Company s environmental management system and policy are designed to focus on the reduction of the environmental impacts of the Company s activities, products and services. 
 
 PACCAR has disclosed greenhouse gas emissions through CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) since 2014. In 2022, PACCAR achieved an A score from CDP, placing in the top 1.5 of more than 18,000 reporting companies and demonstrating a robust approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vehicles and from our global operations. PACCAR has earned an A or A- rating for eight consecutive years. 
 
 PACCAR has established emissions reduction targets in partnership with the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). SBTi works with more than 4,000 companies worldwide to create a clearly defined path to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in line with the Paris Agreement. 
 7 

Operations - PACCAR is committed to environmental responsibility in the vehicle production process. PACCAR s facilities are continuously looking for ways to reduce waste, reuse materials, conserve energy and reduce the environmental impact of our activities. PACCAR s factories are ISO 14001 certified and more than 80 are zero waste-to-landfill. 
 
 Innovative Products - A key element of PACCAR s environmental strategy is to offer our customers commercial vehicles that reduce environmental impacts. The company invests in technologies that reduce greenhouse gas emissions such as highly fuel-efficient diesel engines, natural gas and biofuel engines, as well as next generation electric, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell powertrains. To develop these industry-leading products and technologies, PACCAR makes significant research and development and capital investments every year. 
 
 PACCAR s Zero Emissions Trucks - PACCAR s research and development efforts include several demonstration and development projects for Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vehicles, including battery-electric, hydrogen fuel cell, hydrogen combustion and hybrid technologies. PACCAR is currently producing battery-electric Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. 
 
 Low Carbon and Renewable Fuels All truck sales and diesel engine unit sales are certified to use biofuels. PACCAR s MX-13 and MX-11 engines are certified to use B10/B20/B30 and XTL biofuels in Europe and B20 biofuel in the U.S. Engines not manufactured by the Company are certified to use up to B20 biofuels. 
 
 Advanced Vehicles - PACCAR is launching its SuperTruck 3 program to continue the development of its Class 8 Kenworth and Peterbilt battery-electric and fuel cell vehicles, along with its vehicle charging stations. SuperTruck 3 is a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) initiative to develop state-of-the-art zero emissions medium- and heavy-duty trucks. The SuperTruck initiative was launched in 2009 by the DOE to improve heavy-duty truck freight efficiency. Kenworth and Peterbilt successfully developed state-of-the-art vehicles in the prior SuperTruck and SuperTruck 2 programs. Many of the technologies developed in the earlier SuperTruck programs were deployed in production vehicles, benefiting the environment and PACCAR s customers. 
 
 Remanufacturing - Remanufacturing is the industrial process of returning a previously used component to like-new condition. Remanufacturing helps the environment by reducing waste. PACCAR s aftermarket parts division sells remanufactured engines and many other remanufactured components. 
 Connected Trucks and Driver Training - The DAF Connect fleet management system gives fleet customers real-time information on vehicle and driver performance including fuel consumption, fleet utilization, idle time and route optimization. This information enables customers to improve fleet operating efficiency and reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. PACCAR has introduced technologies that train drivers to operate vehicles more efficiently. 
 OTHER DISCLOSURES 
 The Company s filings on Forms 10 K, 10 Q and 8 K and any amendments to those reports can be found on the Company s website www.paccar.com free of charge as soon as practicable after the report is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. In addition, the Company s reports filed with the SEC can be found at www.sec.gov . 
 8 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K: 
 Information about the Company s Executive Officers as of February 22, 2023 is as fo llows: 

Name and Age 

Present Position and Other Position(s) Held During Last Five Years 

Mark C. Pigott (69) 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2014 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to April 2014. Mr. Pigott is the brother of John M. Pigott, a director of the Company. 

R. Preston Feight (55) 

Chief Executive Officer since July 2019 Executive Vice President from September 2018 to June 2019 Vice President of PACCAR and President of DAF Trucks N.V. from April 2016 to August 2018. 

Harrie C.A.M. Schippers (60) 

President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2018. 

C. Michael Dozier (57) 

Executive Vice President since January 2023 Senior Vice President from January 2020 to December 2022 Vice President of PACCAR from August 2019 to December 2019 Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager, Kenworth from April 2016 to July 2019. 

Darrin C. Siver (56) 

Executive Vice President since January 2023 Senior Vice President from January 2017 to December 2022. 

Michael T. Barkley (67) 

Senior Vice President and Controller since January 2016. 

Kevin D. Baney (52) 

Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of Kenworth Truck Company since August 2019 Assistant General Manager Sales and Marketing, Kenworth from January 2017 to July 2019. 

Laura J. Bloch (46) 

Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of PACCAR Parts since March 2022 Senior Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, PACCAR Parts from August 2021 to February 2022 Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, Kenworth from February 2019 to July 2021 Assistant General Manager of PACCAR Parts from January 2016 to January 2019. 

Paulo H. Bolgar (54) 

Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since June 2022 Served as Human Resources Vice President of Americas and Global Business Units and Global R&D for Baxter International, Inc. from January 2020 to May 2022 Human Resources Vice President of Global Operations and Quality for Baxter International, Inc. from April 2016 to December 2019. 

Todd R. Hubbard (60) 

Vice President, Global Financial Services since February 2019 President, PACCAR Financial Corp. from April 2011 to January 2019. 

A. Lily Ley (57) 

Vice President and Chief Information Officer since January 2017. 

John N. Rich (54) 

Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since March 2021 Prior to that, he worked for 30 years at Ford Motor Company in positions of increasing responsibility including Director of Autonomous Vehicles and Technology Chief Operating Officer of AV LLC and Executive Director of Global Strategy. 

Harald P. Seidel (55) 

Vice President of PACCAR and President of DAF Trucks N.V. since August 2022 Director of Finance from October 2017 to July 2022. 

Jason P. Skoog (51) 

Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of Peterbilt since April 2018 Assistant General Manager Operations, Kenworth from January 2017 to March 2018. 

Michael K. Walton (58) 

Vice President and General Counsel since August 2020 Senior Counsel from August 2007 to July 2020. 

Harry M.B. Wolters (52) 

Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager Global Powertrain & Electrification since August 2022 Vice President of PACCAR and President of DAF Trucks N.V. from September 2018 to July 2022 European Sales Director, DAF Trucks, from October 2017 to August 2018 . 

Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors annually but may be appointed or removed on interim dates. 
 
 9 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS. 

 The following are significant risks which could have a material negative impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 Business and Industry Risks 
 Commercial Truck Market Demand is Variable . The Company s business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the Company s equipment and services. The yearly demand for commercial vehicles may increase or decrease more than overall gross domestic product in markets the Company serves, which are principally North America and Europe. Demand for commercial vehicles may also be affected by the introduction of new vehicles and technologies by the Company or its competitors. 
 Competition and Prices. The Company operates in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect the Company s sales and pricing. Financial results depend largely on the ability to develop, manufacture and market competitive products that profitably meet customer demand. 
 Production Costs, Capacity and Inflation. The Company s products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Commodity or component price increases, cost pressures due to inflation, sign ificant shortages of component products and labor availability may adversely impact the Company s financial results or use of its production capacity. Many of the Company s suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers and the Company. Supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers products exceeds their production capacity. The Company has been affected by an industry-wide undersupply of component parts and anticipates the shortages may continue to affect deliveries into 2023. 
 Unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or pandemics, may increase the Company s cost of doing business or disrupt the Company s or its suppliers operations. The likelihood or severity of these unexpected events may increase due to the effects of climate change. 
 
 Transition Risks Related to Climate Change. The Company has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. These involve the continuing development of compliant clean diesel powertrains and the design, manufacture, and sale of alternative powertrain commercial vehicles (e.g., battery-electric, hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion). The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by: 

the success of the Company s research and development programs 

customer demand for alternative powertrain vehicles 

advancements in battery-electric, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion technology 

the cost of batteries, hydrogen fuel cells and liquid hydrogen 

global regulations requiring the use of alternative powertrain vehicles and/or providing incentives to facilitate the transition to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles 

investments in energy and power infrastructure (e.g., renewable power supply, electric charging services, hydrogen supply and distribution) in key markets, as well as the associated utility costs 

the ability of the supply chain to deliver components, including commodities and raw materials that are unique to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles 

the success of new and existing competitors in developing and selling alternative powertrain commercial vehicles 

The Company believes its current strategies, programs and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. If the Company is not successful in addressing the risks noted above, there may be a material adverse impact on its business, operations, and financial condition. 
 
 10 

Liquidity Risks, Credit Ratings and Costs of Funds. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the Company s sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers and suppliers. A lowering of the Company s credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets. The Company s Financial Services segment obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt. If the markets for commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the Financial Services segment may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets. This could result in a reduction of the number of vehicles the Company is able to produce and sell to customers. 
 The Financial Services Industry is Highly Competitive. The Company s Financial Services segment competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both. A decline in the Company s truck unit sales or a decrease in used truck prices are also factors which may affect the Company s Financial Services segment. 
 The Financial Services Segment is Subject to Credit Risk. The Financial Services segment is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the Company. Although the financial assets of the Financial Services segment are secured by underlying equipment collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the Company, there is a risk the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the Company, resulting in credit losses. 
 Interest-Rate Risks. The Financial Services segment is subject to interest-rate risks, because increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins. PFS uses derivative contracts to match the interest-rate characteristics of its debt to the interest-rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates. 
 Substantially all of the Company s finance contracts which used to reference LIBOR (London Inter-Bank Offered Rate), including dealer wholesale financing contracts, retail loan and lease contracts, medium-term notes, hedging instruments and line of credit arrangements, have been transitioned to alternative benchmark rates. 
 Changes to other benchmark interest rates, such as CDOR (Canadian Dollar Offered Rate), will have an uncertain impact on finance receivables and other financial obligations, the Company s future cost of funds and/or access to capital markets. The Company will attempt to minimize the impact of differences between the current and replacement benchmark rates through pricing adjustments on the financing provided by PFS, but it is not certain the Company will be able to do so. The Company does not expect the cessation of LIBOR or the anticipated changes to other benchmark rates will have a material impact on the results of operations. 
 Information Technology. The Company relies on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. Some of the Company s products include telematics which provide over-the-air software updates, advanced fleet management tools and real-time data analytics on driver and vehicle performance. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components power outages hardware failures computer viruses or outside parties attempting to disrupt the Company s business or gain unauthorized access to the Company s electronic data. The Company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Examples of these protections include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Additionally, the Company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. 
 The Company has not experienced any notable security incidents that would have a material impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Certain dealers and suppliers have reported they have experienced cyberattacks and those have not caused any material impact to the Company. If the Company s computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the Company s intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the Company s customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the Company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace 
 
 11 

Political, Regulatory and Economic Risks 
 Multinational Operations . The Company s global operations are exposed to political, economic and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the Company operates. The Company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, recessions or slower economic growth, inflation, epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19), wars, terrorism and labor strikes. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and international trade policies may impact demand for the Company s products, financial results and competitive position. PACCAR s global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and anti-corruption laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs. 
 Conflict in Ukraine. In accordance with international sanctions, in February 2022 the Company suspended truck and parts sales to Russia and Belarus. The Company has no factories in Russia and has managed export sales to Russia through independent dealers. In 2021, 2,500 trucks were sold into Russia and Belarus. The Company also sold parts in these markets through a third-party owned warehouse. The trucks were sold on a fully paid-up basis accordingly, the Company does not have significant receivables exposure. Inventory balances are not significant. The conflict may affect energy supplies in Europe. If the availability of energy in Europe is severely constrained, truck delivery volumes could be impacted. The Company continues to monitor the situation closely. The conflict has not had a significant impact on the results of operations or cash flows of the Company. The potential future impact on the Company s business will depend on further developments, including the severity and duration of the conflict and its effect on European and global economic conditions. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic decreased over the course of 2022 but still caused disruptions to the global supply chain, in particular the undersupply of component parts and semiconductor chips. A recurrence of a severe COVID-19 strain could cause industry capacity constraints on our suppliers, and localized outbreaks of COVID-19 may necessitate facility slowdowns or shutdowns. These and other unforeseen pandemic related factors could impact the Company s business and results of operations. 
 Environmental Regulations. The Company s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The Company could experience higher research and development and manufacturing costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas or other regulations. 
 
 Emissions Requirements and Reduction Targets. PACCAR s operations and products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and non-greenhouse gas emissions. These include standards imposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Union, U.S. state regulatory agencies (such as the California Air Resources Board), regulatory agencies in other international markets where the Company operates, and non-binding international accords related to climate change. The primary laws and regulations are the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Monitoring and Reporting of CO2 Emissions from Fuel Consumption of New Heavy-Duty Vehicles, and the Heavy-Duty Omnibus Regulation of the California Air Resources Board. PACCAR established its science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. The Company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations in the markets in which the Company conducts business. 
 
 The Company s product planning through 2030 is aligned with these statutory and regulatory requirements, and uses a climate change scenario analysis to limit global warming to below 2 C. Even without legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, PACCAR expects to continue to significantly invest in technologies to improve fuel efficiency for its customers, which would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 PACCAR expects that climate change-related laws, regulations, and international accords will continue to evolve. The Company cannot reasonably predict whether future laws, regulations, and international accords could materially increase its environmental compliance costs, alter its product development strategy, or impact its business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Litigation, Product Liability and Regulatory. The Company s products are subject to recall for environmental, performance and safety-related issues. Product recalls, lawsuits, regulatory actions or increases in the reserves the Company establishes for contingencies may increase the Company s costs and lower profits. Due to the international nature of the Company s business, some products are also subject to international trade regulations, including customs and import/export related laws and regulations, government embargoes and sanctions prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries, as well as anti-corruption laws. The Company s telematics depend on cellular frequency allocations regulated by government agencies and collected data is subject to various privacy laws and government regulations. The Company s reputation and its brand names are valuable assets, and claims or regulatory actions, even if unsuccessful or without merit, could adversely affect the Company s reputation and brand images because of adverse publicity. 
 12 

Currency Exchange and Translation . The Company s consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, while significant operations are denominated in the currencies of other countries. Currency exchange rate fluctuations can affect the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations through both translation and transaction risk , as reported in the Company s financial statements. The Company uses certain derivative financial instruments and localized production of its products to reduce, but not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Accounting Estimates. In the preparation of the Company s financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. Certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses and product warranty are particularly sensitive. If actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements. For additional disclosures regarding accounting estimates, see Critical Accounting Policies under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Taxes. Changes in stat utory income tax rates in the countries in which the Company operates impact the Company s effective tax rate. Changes to other taxes or the adoption of other new tax legislation could affect the Company s provision for income taxes and related tax assets and liabilities. 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

 None. 

13 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES. 

 The Company and its subsidiaries own and operate manufacturing plants in five U.S. states, three countries in Europe, and in Australia, Brasil, Canada and Mexico. The Company also has 18 parts distribution centers, many sales and service offices, and finance and administrative offices which are operated in owned or leased premises in these and other locations. Facilities for product testing and research and development are located in the state of Washington and the Netherlands. The Company also has an innovation center in Sunnyvale, California. The Company's corporate headquarters is located in owned premises in Bellevue, Washington. The Company considers all of the properties used by its businesses to be suitable for their intended purposes. 
 The Company invests in facilities, equipment and processes to provide manufacturing and warehouse capacity to meet its customers needs and improve operating performance. 
 The following summarizes the number of the Company s manufacturing plants and parts distribution centers by geographical location within indicated industry segments: 

U.S 

Canada 

Australia 

Mexico 

Europe 

Central and 
 So. America 

Truck 

4 

1 

1 

1 

3 

1 

Parts 

7 

2 

2 

1 

4 

2 

Other 

2 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Refer to Note L Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for discussion on litigation matters, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

 Not applicable. 
 14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

a 
 
 Market Information, Holders, Dividends, Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans and Performance Graph. 

 Market Information and Holders. 
 Common stock of the Company is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol PCAR. There were 1,495 record holders of the common stock at December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue paying regular cash dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements and financial conditions. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding compensation plans under which PACCAR equity securities are authorized for issuance and has been adjusted to reflect the Company s 50 stock dividend in February 2023. 

Number of Securities 
 Granted and to be 
 Issued Related to 
 Outstanding Options 
 and Restricted Stock Units 

Weighted-average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding Options 

Securities Available 
 for Future Grant 

Stock compensation plans approved by stockholders 

5,244,614 

51.10 

15,999,952 

All stock compensation plans have been approved by the stockholders. 
 The number of securities to be issued includes those issuable under the PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan) and the Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (RSDC Plan). Securities to be issued include 649,986 shares that represent deferred cash awards payable in stock. 
 Securities available for future grant are authorized under the following two plans: (i) 15,036,039 shares under the LTI Plan, and (ii) 963,913 shares under the RSDC Plan. 
 15 

Stockholder Return Performance Graph. 
 The following line graph compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company s common stock, to the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor s Composite 500 Stock Index and the return of the industry peer group of companies identified in the graph (the Peer Group Index for the last five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. Standard & Poor s has calculated a return for each company in the Peer Group Index weighted according to its respective capitalization at the beginning of each period with dividends reinvested on a monthly basis. Management believes that the identified companies and methodology used in the graph for the Peer Group Index provide a better comparison than other indices available. The Peer Group Index consists of AGCO Corporation, Caterpillar Inc., CNH Industrial N.V., Cummins Inc., Dana Incorporated, Deere & Company, Eaton Corporation, Navistar International Corporation (from 2017 through 2020), Oshkosh Corporation, TRATON SE (effective January 1, 2021) and AB Volvo. TRATON SE acquired Navistar International Corporation in 2021. Meritor Inc. is no longer included in the Peer Group Index of the performance graph due to its acquisition by Cummins Inc. in 2022. The comparison assumes that 100 was invested December 31, 2017, in the Company s common stock and in the stated indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

PACCAR Inc 

100 

84.68 

122.83 

137.25 

144.97 

169.61 

S&P 500 Index 

100 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

Peer Group Index 

100 

82.72 

106.15 

140.73 

173.49 

190.49 

(b) 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities. 

 Not applicable. 

(c) 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. 

 On December 4, 2018, PACCAR s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 500.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 110.0 million of shares under this plan. There were no repurchases made during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

16 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

 OVERVIEW: 
 PACCAR is a global technology company whose Truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks. In North America, trucks are sold under the Kenworth and Peterbilt nameplates, in Europe, under the DAF nameplate and in Australia and South America, under the Kenworth and DAF nameplates. The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. The Company s Financial Services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing PACCAR products in North America, Europe, Australia and South America. The Company s Other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches. 
 On December 6, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a 50 common stock dividend payable on February 7, 2023. For all years presented, all per share data and dividends have been restated for the effect of the 50 dividend. 
 2022 Financial Highlights 

Worldwide net sales and revenues were 28.82 billion in 2022 compared to 23.52 billion in 2021, primarily due to higher truck and parts revenues. 

Truck sales were 21.49 billion in 2022 compared to 16.80 billion in 2021, primarily due to higher truck deliveries and price realization in all markets. 

Parts sales were 5.76 billion in 2022 compared to 4.94 billion in 2021 reflecting higher demand and price realization in all markets. 

Financial Services revenues were 1.51 billion in 2022 compared to 1.69 billion in 2021, primarily due to lower used truck sales. 

In 2022, PACCAR earned net income for the 84 th consecutive year. Net income was 3.01 billion 5.75 per diluted share) in 2022 compared to 1.87 billion 3.57 per diluted share) in 2021 reflecting higher Truck, Parts and Financial Services operating results. 

Capital investments were 505.0 million in 2022 compared to 511.8 million in 2021. 

After-tax return on beginning equity (ROE) was 26.0 in 2022 compared to 17.7 in 2021. 

Research and development (R&D) expenses were 341.2 million in 2022 compared to 324.1 million in 2021. 

 The new DAF XD truck was named International Truck of the Year 2023 at the IAA truck show in Hannover, Germany in the third quarter of 2022. The DAF XD truck represents a new generation of distribution and vocational vehicles. The DAF XD shares many features and design elements with the new DAF XF, XG, and XG+ trucks, which were named International Truck of the Year 2022 . 
 PACCAR Parts opened a new 260,000 square foot PDC in Louisville, Kentucky in 2022 to further enhance parts availability for customers and dealers. 
 The PACCAR Financial Services (PFS) group of companies has operations covering four continents and 26 countries. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets of 17.18 billion. PFS issued 3.05 billion in medium-term notes during 2022 to support new business volume and repay maturing debt. 
 Truck Outlook 
 Heavy-duty truck industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada in 2023 are expected to be 270,000 to 310,000 units compared to 283,500 in 2022. In Europe, the 2023 truck industry registrations for over 16-tonne vehicles are expected to be 270,000 to 310,000 units compared to 297,500 in 2022. In South America, heavy-duty truck industry registrations in 2023 are projected to be 125,000 to 135,000 compared to 138,300 in 2022. 
 
 The Company has been affected by an industry-wide undersupply of component parts and anticipates the shortage may continue to affect deliveries in 2023. 
 17 

Parts Outlook 
 In 2023, PACCAR Parts sales are expected to increase 8-11 compared to 2022 levels reflecting strong freight demand. If economic conditions were to worsen, lower freight volumes could reduce the demand for replacement parts, resulting in lower parts revenues and operating results. 
 Financial Services Outlook 
 In 2023, average earning assets are expected to increase 4-7 compared to 2022. If current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels and new business volume would likely decline. 
 Capital Spending and R&D Outlook 
 Capital investments in 2023 are expected to be 525 to 575 million, and R&D is expected to be 360 to 410 million. The Company is increasing its investment in next generation clean diesel and electric powertrain technologies, autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services, advanced manufacturing and enhanced distribution capabilities. 
 See the Forward-Looking Statements section of Management s Discussion and Analysis for factors that may affect these outlooks. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 
 The Company s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below. For information on the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7 in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

in millions, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net sales and revenues: 

Truck 

21,486.2 

16,799.7 

Parts 

5,764.3 

4,944.3 

Other 

63.8 

90.5 

Truck, Parts and Other 

27,314.3 

21,834.5 

Financial Services 

1,505.4 

1,687.8 

28,819.7 

23,522.3 

Income before income taxes: 

Truck 

1,753.3 

804.9 

Parts 

1,446.6 

1,110.0 

Other 

(1.1 

28.3 

Truck, Parts and Other 

3,198.8 

1,943.2 

Financial Services 

588.9 

437.6 

Investment income 

61.0 

15.5 

Income taxes 

(837.1 

(530.8 

Net Income 

3,011.6 

1,865.5 

Diluted earnings per share 

5.75 

3.57 

After-tax return on revenues 

10.4 

7.9 

The following provides an analysis of the results of operations for the Company s three reportable segments - Truck, Parts and Financial Services. Where possible, the Company has quantified the impact of factors identified in the following discussion and analysis. In cases where it is not possible to quantify the impact of factors, the Company lists them in estimated order of importance. Factors for which the Company is unable to specifically quantify the impact include market demand, fuel prices, freight tonnage, economic conditions and COVID-19 related factors affecting the Company s results of operations. 
 
 18 

2022 Compared to 2021: 
 Truck 
 The Company s Truck segment accounted for 75 of revenues in 2022 compared to 71 in 2021. 
 The Company s new truck deliveries are summarized below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CHANGE 

U.S. and Canada 

95,600 

86,300 

11 

Europe 

62,400 

53,200 

17 

Mexico, South America, Australia and other 

27,900 

23,200 

20 

Total units 

185,900 

162,700 

14 

The increase in new truck deliveries worldwide in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by higher build rates and increased demand in all markets. The industry-wide undersupply of component products had an impact on deliveries. 
 
 Market share data discussed below is provided by third-party sources and is measured by either registrations or retail sales for the Company s dealer network as a percentage of total registrations or retail sales depending on the geographic market. In the U.S. and Canada, market share is based on retail sales. In Europe, market share is based primarily on registrations. 
 
 In 2022, industry retail sales in the heavy-duty market in the U.S. and Canada increased to 283,500 units from 249,900 units in 2021. The Company s heavy-duty truck retail market share was 29.8 in 2022 compared to 29.2 in 2021. The medium-duty market was 88,300 units in 2022 compared to 83,700 units in 2021. The Company s medium-duty market share was 10.9 in 2022 compared to 19.8 in 2021. 
 The over 16 tonne truck market in Europe in 2022 increased to 297,500 units from 278,000 units in 2021, and DAF s market share was 17.3 in 2022 compared to 15.9 in 2021. The 6 to 16 tonne market was 38,800 units in 2022 and 41,400 units in 2021. DAF s market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2022 was 9.7 compared to 10.1 in 2021. 
 The Company s worldwide truck net sales and revenues are summarized below: 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CHANGE 

Truck net sales and revenues: 

U.S. and Canada 

12,521.8 

9,877.6 

27 

Europe 

5,866.5 

4,489.8 

31 

Mexico, South America, Australia and other 

3,097.9 

2,432.3 

27 

21,486.2 

16,799.7 

28 

Truck income before income taxes 

1,753.3 

804.9 

118 

Pre-tax return on revenues 

8.2 

4.8 

The Company s worldwide truck net sales and revenues increased to 21.49 billion in 2022 from 16.80 billion in 2021 due to higher truck deliveries and improved price realization in all markets, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation effects. Truck segment income before income taxes and pretax return on revenues reflect higher truck unit deliveries and improved price realization in all markets. In 2021, Truck segment income before taxes and pretax return on revenues reflect the tempering of truck unit deliveries due to the global semiconductor and component supply shortages. 
 19 

The major factors for the Truck segment changes in net sales and revenues, cost of sales and revenues and gross margin between 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

NET 

COST OF 

SALES AND 

SALES AND 

GROSS 

in millions) 

REVENUES 

REVENUES 

MARGIN 

2021 

16,799.7 

15,485.4 

1,314.3 

Increase (decrease) 

Truck sales volume 

3,052.7 

2,557.3 

495.4 

Average truck sales prices 

2,380.8 

2,380.8 

Average per truck material, labor and other direct costs 

1,658.2 

(1,658.2 

Factory overhead and other indirect costs 

176.8 

(176.8 

Extended warranties, operating leases and other 

98.9 

106.0 

(7.1 

Currency translation 

(845.9 

(778.3 

(67.6 

Total increase 

4,686.5 

3,720.0 

966.5 

2022 

21,486.2 

19,205.4 

2,280.8 

Truck sales volume reflects higher heavy-duty truck deliveries in all major markets. 

Average truck sales prices increased sales by 2.38 billion, primarily due to higher price realization worldwide reflecting inflationary cost increases and the positive effect of new truck models. 

Average cost per truck increased cost of sales by 1.66 billion, primarily reflecting higher raw material, freight, labor and product support costs. 

Factory overhead and other indirect costs increased 176.8 million, primarily due to higher labor costs, materials, utilities and depreciation. 

Extended warranties, operating leases and other revenues increased by 98.9 million and cost of sales by 106.0 million, primarily due to higher revenues and associated costs from repairs and maintenance, service contracts and operating leases. In addition, the increase in cost of sales and revenues was partially offset by gains on sales of used trucks and lower impairments in Europe due to an improved used truck market. 

The currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales primarily reflects a decline in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. 

Truck gross margin was 10.6 in 2022 compared to 7.8 in 2021 due to the factors noted above. 

 Truck selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A) in 2022 increased to 280.0 million from 267.9 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher professional expenses, higher salaries and related expenses and travel costs, partially offset by currency translation effects. As a percentage of sales, Truck SG&A was 1.3 in 2022 and 1.6 in 2021. 
 
 Parts 
 The Company s Parts segment accounted for 20 of revenues in 2022 compared to 21 in 2021. 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CHANGE 

Parts net sales and revenues: 

U.S. and Canada 

4,087.5 

3,312.4 

23 

Europe 

1,141.1 

1,164.6 

(2 

Mexico, South America, Australia and other 

535.7 

467.3 

15 

5,764.3 

4,944.3 

17 

Parts income before income taxes 

1,446.6 

1,110.0 

30 

Pre-tax return on revenues 

25.1 

22.5 

The worldwide parts net sales and revenues increased to 5.76 billion in 2022 from 4.94 billion in 2021 primarily due to higher demand in all markets and higher price realization, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation effects. The increase in Parts segment income before income taxes and pre-tax return on revenues was primarily due to higher sales volume and higher margins, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation effects. 
 
 20 

The major factors for the Parts segment changes in net sales and revenues, cost of sales and revenues and gross margin between 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

NET 
 SALES AND 

COST OF 
 SALES AND 

GROSS 

in millions) 

REVENUES 

REVENUES 

MARGIN 

2021 

4,944.3 

3,530.4 

1,413.9 

Increase (decrease) 

Aftermarket parts volume 

375.9 

238.7 

137.2 

Average aftermarket parts sales prices 

609.4 

609.4 

Average aftermarket parts direct costs 

286.5 

(286.5 

Warehouse and other indirect costs 

52.6 

(52.6 

Currency translation 

(165.3 

(98.6 

(66.7 

Total increase 

820.0 

479.2 

340.8 

2022 

5,764.3 

4,009.6 

1,754.7 

Aftermarket parts sales volume increased by 375.9 million and related cost of sales increased by 238.7 million primarily due to higher demand in all markets. 

Average aftermarket parts sales prices increased sales by 609.4 million primarily due to higher price realization in North America and Europe. 

Average aftermarket parts direct costs increased 286.5 million due to higher material and freight costs. 

Warehouse and other indirect costs increased 52.6 million primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses, costs of supplies and higher shipping costs. 

The currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales primarily reflects a decline in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. 

Parts gross margin was 30.4 in 2022 compared to from 28.6 in 2021 due to the factors noted above. 

 Parts SG&A expense in 2022 increased to 216.3 million from 210.3 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses, and higher travel expenses, partially offset by lower sales and marketing costs and currency translation effects. As a percentage of sales, Parts SG&A was 3.8 in 2022 and 4.3 in 2021. 
 21 

Financial Services 
 The Company s Financial Services segment accounted for 5 of revenues in 2022 compared to 7 in 2021. 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CHANGE 

New loan and lease volume: 

U.S. and Canada 

3,376.5 

3,338.9 

1 

Europe 

1,483.4 

1,316.2 

13 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

1,355.8 

1,016.6 

33 

6,215.7 

5,671.7 

10 

New loan and lease volume by product: 

Loans and finance leases 

5,209.6 

4,683.7 

11 

Equipment on operating lease 

1,006.1 

988.0 

2 

6,215.7 

5,671.7 

10 

New loan and lease unit volume: 

Loans and finance leases 

42,100 

39,100 

8 

Equipment on operating lease 

11,600 

11,000 

5 

53,700 

50,100 

7 

Average earning assets: 

U.S. and Canada 

8,647.4 

8,635.2 

Europe 

3,810.0 

3,787.1 

1 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

2,544.0 

2,107.6 

21 

15,001.4 

14,529.9 

3 

Average earning assets by product: 

Loans and finance leases 

10,279.4 

9,952.1 

3 

Dealer wholesale financing 

1,933.9 

1,472.6 

31 

Equipment on lease and other 

2,788.1 

3,105.2 

(10 

15,001.4 

14,529.9 

3 

Revenues: 

U.S. and Canada 

684.3 

759.9 

(10 

Europe 

498.3 

676.8 

(26 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

322.8 

251.1 

29 

1,505.4 

1,687.8 

(11 

Revenues by product: 

Loans and finance leases 

532.0 

481.9 

10 

Dealer wholesale financing 

96.7 

42.5 

128 

Equipment on lease and other 

876.7 

1,163.4 

(25 

1,505.4 

1,687.8 

(11 

Income before income taxes 

588.9 

437.6 

35 

New loan and lease volume increased to 6.22 billion in 2022 from 5.67 billion in 2021, primarily reflecting higher truck new loan and lease volume in Europe and Brasil. The effect of currency translation decreased new loan and lease volume by 209.3 million, primarily due to the lower euro relative to the U.S. dollar. PFS finance market share of new PACCAR truck sales was 25.6 in 2022 compared to 26.6 in 2021. 
 PFS revenues decreased to 1.51 billion in 2022 from 1.69 billion in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower unit volume of used truck sales in Europe and the U.S., partially offset by higher interest and fee income driven by portfolio growth and higher portfolio yields. The effects of currency translation decreased PFS revenues by 63.0 million in 2022, primarily due to a lower euro relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 PFS income before income taxes increased to 588.9 million in 2022 from 437.6 million in 2021, primarily due to improved used truck results and higher finance and lease margins driven by portfolio growth, partially offset by weaker foreign currencies. The effect of currency translation decreased PFS income before income taxes by 20.1 million in 2022, primarily due to a lower euro relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 22 

Included in Financial Services Other Assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of 141.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 92.1 million at December 31, 2021 . These trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also include trucks acquired from repossessions, through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (RVGs). 
 The Company recognized gains on used trucks, excluding repossessions, of 140.1 million in 2022 compared to 30.3 million in 2021, including losses on multiple unit transactions of .8 million in 2022 compared to 17.7 million in 2021. Used truck gains in 2022 and 2021 related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit recoveries, were insignificant. 
 The major factors for the changes in interest and fees, interest and other borrowing expenses and finance margin between 2022 and 2021 are outlined below: 

in millions) 

INTEREST 
 AND FEES 

INTEREST AND 
 OTHER 
 BORROWING 
 EXPENSES 

FINANCE 
 MARGIN 

2021 

524.4 

150.9 

373.5 

Increase (decrease) 

Average finance receivables 

61.5 

61.5 

Average debt balances 

13.0 

(13.0 

Yields 

56.1 

56.1 

Borrowing rates 

55.0 

(55.0 

Currency translation and other 

(13.3 

(2.6 

(10.7 

Total increase 

104.3 

65.4 

38.9 

2022 

628.7 

216.3 

412.4 

Average finance receivables increased 1.17 billion (excluding foreign exchange effects) in 2022 primarily due to higher average loan and dealer wholesale balances. 

Average debt balances increased 568.7 million (excluding foreign exchange effects) in 2022, reflecting higher funding requirements for the portfolio which includes loans, finance leases, dealer wholesale financing and equipment on operating leases. 

Higher portfolio yields (5.1 in 2022 compared to 4.6 in 2021) increased interest and fees by 56.1 million. The higher portfolio yields were primarily due to higher market rates in Europe, North America and Brasil. 

Higher borrowing rates (2.0 in 2022 compared to 1.4 in 2021) were primarily due to higher debt market rates. 

The currency translation effects reflect a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro. 

 The following table summarizes operating lease, rental and other revenues and depreciation and other expenses: 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating lease and rental revenues 

807.2 

860.5 

Used truck sales 

50.5 

284.2 

Insurance, franchise and other revenues 

19.1 

18.7 

Operating lease, rental and other revenues 

876.8 

1,163.4 

Depreciation of operating lease equipment 

474.9 

597.8 

Vehicle operating expenses 

33.9 

87.2 

Cost of used truck sales 

49.3 

280.5 

Insurance, franchise and other expenses 

2.7 

3.9 

Depreciation and other expenses 

560.8 

969.4 

23 

The major factors for the changes in operating lease, rental and other revenues, depreciation and other expenses and lease margin between 2022 and 2021 are outlined below: 

in millions) 

OPERATING LEASE, 
 RENTAL AND 
 OTHER REVENUES 

DEPRECIATION 
 AND OTHER EXPENSES 

LEASE 
 MARGIN 

2021 

1,163.4 

969.4 

194.0 

(Decrease) increase 

Used truck sales 

(228.8 

(226.3 

(2.5 

Results on returned lease assets 

(130.4 

130.4 

Average operating lease assets 

(39.0 

(31.6 

(7.4 

Revenue and cost per asset 

30.3 

16.3 

14.0 

Currency translation and other 

(49.2 

(36.6 

(12.6 

Total (decrease) increase 

(286.7 

(408.6 

121.9 

2022 

876.7 

560.8 

315.9 

Lower sales volume of used trucks in Europe and the U.S. decreased revenues by 228.8 million and related depreciation and other expenses by 226.3 million. 

Results on returned lease assets decreased depreciation and other expenses by 130.4 million primarily due to higher gains on sales of returned lease units as a result of higher used truck market values. 

Average operating lease assets decreased 137.8 million (excluding foreign exchange effects), which decreased revenues by 39.0 million and related depreciation and other expenses by 31.6 million. 

Revenue per asset increased 30.3 million primarily due to higher rental utilization. Cost per asset increased 16.3 million due to higher operating expenses. 

The currency translation effects reflect a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro. 

 Financial Services SG&A expense increased to 133.9 million in 2022 from 129.4 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses, partially offset by decreases in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro. As a percentage of average earning assets, Financial Services SG&A was .9 in both 2022 and 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the provision for losses on receivables and net charge-offs: 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

PROVISION FOR 
 LOSSES ON 
 RECEIVABLES 

NET 
 CHARGE-OFFS 

PROVISION FOR 
 LOSSES ON 
 RECEIVABLES 

NET 
 CHARGE-OFFS 

U.S. and Canada 

(5.1 

(.9 

(2.2 

1.0 

Europe 

.8 

.6 

(1.7 

2.6 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

9.8 

(.4 

4.4 

4.7 

5.5 

(.7 

.5 

8.3 

The provision for losses on receivables increased to 5.5 million in 2022 from .5 million in 2021, mainly driven by portfolio growth and higher past due balances in Brasil, partially offset by improved portfolio performance in North America and Europe. 
 The Company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its Financial Services operations. The Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company s modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. When the Company modifies a loan or finance lease for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modification is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). 
 24 

The post-modification balance s of accounts modified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

AMORTIZED 
 COST BASIS 

OF TOTAL 
 PORTFOLIO 

AMORTIZED 
 COST BASIS 

OF TOTAL 
 PORTFOLIO 

Commercial 

225.4 

2.0 

484.2 

4.8 

Insignificant delay 

79.3 

.7 

63.8 

.6 

Credit - no concession 

48.1 

.4 

52.3 

.5 

Credit - TDR 

11.7 

.1 

8.0 

.1 

364.5 

3.2 

608.3 

6.0 

Amortized cost basis immediately after modification as a percentage of the year-end retail portfolio balance. 

 Modification activity decreased to 364.5 in 2022 from 608.3 in 2021. The decrease in modifications for commercial reasons primarily reflects lower volumes of refinancing. The increase in Insignificant Delay reflects an increase in customers requesting payment relief for up to three months. The increase in Credit modifications reflects higher volumes of contract modifications and requests for payment relief primarily in Brasil. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s 30+ days past due accounts: 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Percentage of retail loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due: 

U.S. and Canada 

.1 

Europe 

.2 

.4 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

1.6 

1.2 

Worldwide 

.4 

.3 

Accounts 30+ days past due increased to .4 at December 31, 2022 from .3 at December 31, 2021. The Company continues to focus on maintaining low past due balances. 
 When the Company modifies a 30+ days past due account, the customer is then generally considered current under the revised contractual terms. The Company modified 8.9 million and .4 million of accounts worldwide during the fourth quarter of 2022 and the fourth quarter of 2021, respectively, which were 30+ days past due and became current at the time of modification. Had these accounts not been modified and continued to not make payments, the pro forma percentage of retail loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due would have been as follows: 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Pro forma percentage of retail loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due: 

U.S. and Canada 

.1 

Europe 

.2 

.4 

Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 

2.0 

1.2 

Worldwide 

.5 

.3 

Modifications of accounts in prior quarters that were more than 30 days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company s annualized pre-tax return on average total assets for Financial Services increased to 3.7 in 2022 from 2.8 in 2021, primarily driven by improved used truck results and higher finance and lease margins. 
 25 

Other 
 Other includes the winch business as well as sales , income and expenses not attributable to a reportable segment. Other also includes non-service cost components of pension expense and a portion of corporate expense. Other sales represent less than 1 of consolidated net sales and revenues for 2022 and 2021. Other SG&A increased to 96.1 million in 2022 from 69.2 million in 2021 primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses. 
 Other (loss) income before tax was 1.1) million in 2022 compared to 28.3 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses, partially offset by lower non-service pension expenses. 
 Investment income increased to 61.0 million in 2022 from 15.5 million in 2021, primarily driven by higher yields on investments due to higher market interest rates in all regions as well as higher investment balances. 
 Income Taxes 
 In 2022, the effective tax rate was 21.8 compared to 22.2 in 2021. The lower effective tax rate in 2022 was primarily due to the change in mix of income generated in jurisdictions with lower tax rates in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Domestic income before taxes 

2,322.9 

1,391.4 

Foreign income before taxes 

1,525.8 

1,004.9 

Total income before taxes 

3,848.7 

2,396.3 

Domestic pre-tax return on revenues 

14.7 

11.1 

Foreign pre-tax return on revenues 

11.7 

9.2 

Total pre-tax return on revenues 

13.4 

10.2 

In 2022, both domestic and foreign income before income taxes and pre-tax return on revenues increased primarily due to the improved results from Truck, Parts and Financial Services operations. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES: 

in millions) 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

4,690.9 

3,428.3 

Marketable securities 

1,614.2 

1,559.4 

6,305.1 

4,987.7 

The Company s total cash and marketable securities at December 31, 2022, increased 1.32 billion from the balances at December 31, 2021. Total cash and marketable securities are primarily intended to provide liquidity while preserving capital. 
 The change in cash and cash equivalents is summarized below: 

in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities: 

Net income 

3,011.6 

1,865.5 

Net income items not affecting cash 

601.6 

715.5 

Pension contributions 

(39.1 

(25.1 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net 

(547.1 

(369.2 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

3,027.0 

2,186.7 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(2,033.0 

(1,362.7 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

304.9 

(882.9 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(36.3 

(52.4 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

1,262.6 

(111.3 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

3,428.3 

3,539.6 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

4,690.9 

3,428.3 

26 

Operating activities: Cash provided by operations increased by 840.3 million to 3.03 billion in 2022 from 2.19 billion in 2021. Higher operating cash flows reflect higher net income of 1.15 billion, lower cash usage of 355.3 million for inventories, and 269.9 million of higher deferrals of revenues from extended warranty contracts and accruals for product support primarily due to higher truck deliveries. Additionally, higher operating cash flows reflect lower cash outflow of 146.9 million for accounts payable and accrued expenses as purchases of goods and services exceeded payments. These higher operating cash flows were partially offset by 1.03 billion higher cash used for wholesale receivables. 
 
 Investing activities: Cash used in investing activities increased by 670.3 million to 2.03 billion in 2022 from 1.36 billion in 2021. Higher net cash used in investing activities primarily reflects higher net originations for retail loans and financing leases of 713.4 million and lower proceeds from asset disposals of 216.4 million. The higher net cash usage was partially offset by fewer acquisitions of equipment for operating leases of 208.2 million. 
 
 Financing activities: Cash provided by financing activities was 304.9 million in 2022 compared to cash used in financing activities of 882.9 million in 2021. Cash provided by net borrowing activities in 2022 of 1.28 billion was 1.49 billion higher than the cash used for borrowing activities of 210.9 million in 2021 reflecting higher funding to support financial services portfolio growth. The Company paid 1.00 billion in dividends in 2022 compared to 708.0 million in 2021 primarily due to a higher extra dividend paid in January 2022. 
 
 The Company expects to continue paying dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements and financial conditions. Cash dividends declared for the last two years were as follows: 

QUARTER 

2022 

2021 

First 

.23 

.21 

Second 

.23 

.23 

Third 

.23 

.23 

Fourth 

.25 

.23 

Year-End Extra (paid in January of the following year) 

1.87 

1.00 

Total dividends declared per share 

2.80 

1.89 

The sum of quarterly per share amounts do not equal per share amounts reported for the full year due to rounding. 
 Credit Lines and Other: 
 The Company has line of credit arrangements of 3.70 billion, of which 3.36 billion were unused at December 31, 2022. Included in these arrangements are 3.00 billion of committed bank facilities, of which 1.00 billion expires in June 2023, 1.00 billion expires in June 2025 and 1.00 billion expires in June 2027. The Company intends to extend or replace these credit facilities on or before expiration to maintain facilities of similar amounts and duration. These credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings and maturing medium-term notes. There were no borrowings under the committed bank facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On December 4, 2018, PACCAR s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 500.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 110.0 million of shares under this plan. There were no repurchases made under this plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 Truck, Parts and Other 
 The Company provides funding for working capital, capital expenditures, R&D, dividends, stock repurchases and other business initiatives and commitments primarily from cash provided by operations. Management expects this method of funding to continue in the future. 
 Investments for manufacturing property, plant and equipment in 2022 were 491.2 million compared to 495.6 million in 2021. Over the past decade, the Company s combined investments in worldwide capital projects and R&D totaled 7.25 billion and have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the Company s premium products. 
 Capital investments in 2023 are expected to be 525 to 575 million, and R&D is expected to be 360 to 410 million. The Company is increasing its investment in next generation clean diesel and electric powertrain technologies, autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services, advanced manufacturing and distribution capabilities. 
 27 

Financial Services 
 The Company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. 
 In November 2021, the Company s U.S. finance subsidiary, PACCAR Financial Corp. (PFC), filed a shelf registration under the Securities Act of 1933. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFC as of December 31, 2022 was 5.85 billion. In January 2023, PFC issued 300.0 million of medium-term notes under this registration. The registration expires in November 2024 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during that period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s European finance subsidiary, PACCAR Financial Europe, had 1.12 billion available for issuance under a 2.50 billion medium-term note program listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This program renews annually and expires in July 2023. 
 In August 2021, PACCAR Financial Mexico registered a 10.00 billion Mexican peso program with the Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores to issue medium-term notes and commercial paper. The registration expires in August 2026 and limits the amount of Commercial paper (up to one year) to 5.00 billion Mexican pesos. At December 31, 2022, 9.08 billion Mexican pesos were available for issuance. 
 In August 2018, the Company s Australian subsidiary, PACCAR Financial Pty. Ltd. (PFPL Australia), registered a medium-term note program. The program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFPL Australia as of December 31, 2022 was 700.0 million Australian dollars. 
 
 In May 2021, the Company s Canadian subsidiary, PACCAR Financial Ltd. (PFL Canada), established a medium-term note program. The program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFL Canada as of December 31, 2022 was 150.0 million Canadian dollars. 
 The Company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings of A+/A1 will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the Company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. In the event of a decrease in the Company s credit ratings or a disruption in the financial markets, the Company may not be able to refinance its maturing debt in the financial markets. In such circumstances, the Company would be exposed to liquidity risk to the degree that the timing of debt maturities differs from the timing of receivable collections from customers. The Company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations. 
 Commitments 
 The following summarizes the Company s contractual cash commitments at December 31, 2022: 

MATURITY 

in millions) 

WITHIN 1 
 YEAR 

1-3 
 YEARS 

3-5 
 YEARS 

MORE THAN 
 5 YEARS 

TOTAL 

Borrowings 

5,539.9 

5,001.9 

985.6 

11,527.4 

Purchase obligations 

14.7 

22.3 

2.3 

.5 

39.8 

Interest on debt 

152.0 

186.8 

14.3 

353.1 

Lease liabilities 

13.8 

18.5 

9.9 

4.7 

46.9 

Other obligations 

69.2 

1.0 

.7 

70.9 

5,789.6 

5,230.5 

1,012.8 

5.2 

12,038.1 

Commercial paper included in borrowings is at par value. 

Interest on floating-rate debt is based on the applicable market rates at December 31, 2022. 

28 

Total cash commitments for borrowings and interest on term debt were 11.88 billion and were related to the Financial Services segment. As described in Note J of the consolidated financial statements, borrowings consist primarily of term notes and commercial paper issued by the Financial Services segment. The Company expects to fund its maturing Financial Services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. Purchase obligations are the Company s contractual commitments to acquire future production inventory and capital equipment. Other obligations primarily include commitments to purchase energy. 
 The Company s other commitments include the following at December 31, 2022: 

COMMITMENT EXPIRATION 

in millions) 

WITHIN 1 
 YEAR 

1-3 
 YEARS 

3-5 
 YEARS 

MORE THAN 
 5 YEARS 

TOTAL 

Loan and lease commitments 

1,363.3 

1,363.3 

Residual value guarantees 

674.6 

384.6 

63.5 

11.6 

1,134.3 

Letters of credit 

22.1 

.2 

.9 

23.2 

2,060.0 

384.8 

63.5 

12.5 

2,520.8 

Loan and lease commitments are for funding new retail loan and lease contracts. Residual value guarantees represent the Company s commitment to acquire trucks at a guaranteed value if the customer decides to return the truck at a specified date in the future. 
 IMPACT OF ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS: 
 The Company, its competitors and industry in general are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment and greenhouse gases. The statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and non-greenhouse gas emissions are included in Item 1A, Risk Factors Emissions Requirements and Reduction Targets in the 2022 Form 10-K. The Company believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred. 
 The Company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters. In certain of these matters, the Company has been designated as a potentially responsible party by domestic and foreign environmental agencies. The Company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the Company will incur such costs in the future. Expenditures related to environmental activities in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 4.6 million and 4.0 million, respectively. While the timing and amount of the ultimate costs associated with future environmental cleanup cannot be determined, management expects that these matters will not have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 29 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note A of the consolidated financial statements. In the preparation of the Company s financial statements, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. The following are accounting policies which, in the opinion of management, are particularly sensitive and which, if actual results are different from estimates used by management, may have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 Operating Leases 
 Trucks sold pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases are disclosed in Note F of the consolidated financial statements. In determining its estimate of the residual value of such vehicles, the Company considers the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand. Operating lease terms generally range from three to five years. The resulting residual values on operating leases generally range between 30 and 70 of the original equipment cost. If the sales price of a truck at the end of the term of the agreement differs from the Company s estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result. 
 Future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the Company s control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts. Residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant. A decrease in the estimated equipment residual values would increase annual depreciation expense over the remaining lease term. 
 During 2022, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity were generally higher than the residual values on the equipment, resulting in a decrease in depreciation expense of 173.2 million. 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases in the Financial Services segment and residual value guarantee on trucks accounted for as operating leases in the Truck segment was 1.74 billion. A 10 decrease in used truck values worldwide, if expected to persist over the remaining maturities of the Company s operating leases, would reduce residual value estimates and result in the Company recording additional depreciation expense of approximately 69.1 million in 2023, 55.8 in 2024, 33.4 in 2025, 12.1 in 2026, 3.8 in 2027 and thereafter. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses related to the Company s loans and finance leases is disclosed in Note E of the consolidated financial statements. The Company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The retail segment consists of retail loans and finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. Wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the Company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer s financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over three to five years, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves. 
 The Company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. Finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. A finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. In addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as TDRs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. Generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. Impaired accounts classified as TDRs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the Company will collect all principal and interest payments. 
 Impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. Large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses. The determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. When the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the Company s amortized cost basis, no reserve is recorded. Small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss and economic forecasts information discussed below. 
 
 30 

The Company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired and share similar risk characteristics on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data, current market conditions, and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions that affect collectability. Historical credit loss information provides relevant information of expected credit losses. The historical information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, and the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse. 
 
 The Company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. A projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers and their ability to repay. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for changes in forecasted economic conditions that are specific to the industry and markets in which the Company conducts business. The Company utilizes economic forecasts from third party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. After determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management s estimate of expected credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio. 
 
 The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. As accounts become past due, the likelihood that they will not be fully collected increases. The Company s experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 15 and 70 . Over the past two years, the Company s year-end 30+ days past due accounts have ranged between .3 and .4 of loan and lease receivables. Historically, a 100 basis point increase in the 30+ days past due percentage has resulted in an increase in credit losses of 2 to 40 basis points of receivables. At December 31, 2022 , 30+ days past dues were .4 . If past dues were 100 basis points higher or 1.4 as of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of credit losses would likely have increased by a range of 2 to 44 million depending on the extent of the past dues, the estimated value of the collateral as compared to amounts owed and general economic factors. 
 Product Warranty 
 Product warranty, including changes in estimates for pre-existing warranties, is disclosed in Note I of the consolidated financial statements. The expenses related to product warranty are estimated and recorded at the time products are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries. Estimates consider product type, geographical differences, labor rates, and any other known factors affecting the number or amount of expected claim payments. For new products with no historical experience, reference to similar products is utilized. Management takes actions to minimize warranty costs through quality-improvement programs however, actual claim costs incurred could materially differ from the estimated amounts and require adjustments to the reserve. Historically those adjustments have not been material. Over the past two years, warranty expense as a percentage of Truck, Parts and Other net sales and revenues has ranged between 1.6 and 1.9 . If the 2022 warranty expense had been .2 higher as a percentage of net sales and revenues in 2022, warranty expense would have increased by approximately 55 million. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement that does not relate to any historical or current fact. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: a significant decline in industry sales competitive pressures reduced market share reduced availability of or higher prices for fuel increased safety, emissions, or other regulations or tariffs resulting in higher costs and/or sales restrictions currency or commodity price fluctuations lower used truck prices insufficient or under-utilization of manufacturing capacity supplier interruptions insufficient liquidity in the capital markets fluctuations in interest rates changes in the levels of the Financial Services segment new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new PACCAR truck sales or reduced market shares changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators price changes impacting truck sales prices and residual values insufficient supplier capacity or access to raw materials and components, including semiconductors labor disruptions shortages of commercial truck drivers increased warranty costs pandemics climate-related risks global conflicts litigation, including European Commission (EC) settlement-related claims or legislative and governmental regulations. A more detailed description of these and other risks is included under the heading Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and in Note L in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 31 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

 Currencies are presented in millions for the market risks and derivative instruments sections below. 
 Interest-Rate Risks - See Note P for a description of the Company s hedging programs and exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The Company measures its interest-rate risk by estimating the amount by which the fair value of interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities, including derivative financial instruments, would change assuming an immediate 100 basis point increase across the yield curve as shown in the following table: 

Fair Value (Losses) Gains 

2022 

2021 

CONSOLIDATED: 

Assets 

Cash equivalents and marketable debt securities 

(26.7 

(26.7 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Assets 

Fixed rate loans 

(117.4 

(110.5 

Liabilities 

Fixed rate term debt 

136.6 

127.6 

Interest-rate swaps 

6.4 

4.5 

Total 

(1.1 

(5.1 

Currency Risks - The Company enters into foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar, the euro, the British pound, the Australian dollar, the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso (see Note P for additional information concerning these hedges) . Based on the Company s sensitivity analysis, the potential loss in fair value for such financial instruments from a 10 unfavorable change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would be a loss of 216.6 related to contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 210.8 at December 31, 2021. These amounts would be largely offset by changes in the values of the underlying hedged exposures. 
 
 Commodity Price Risks - The Company enters into commodity forward contracts to hedge the prices of certain commodities used in the production of trucks (see Note P for additional information concerning these hedges) . The objective is to reduce the fluctuation in earnings and cash flows associated with adverse movement in commodity prices. Based on the Company s sensitivity analysis, the potential loss in fair value for such financial instruments from a 10 unfavorable change in quoted commodity prices would be a loss of 2.5 related to contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 18.4 at December 31, 2021. These amounts would be largely offset by changes in the values of the underlying hedged exposures. 

, 
 32 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions, except per share data) 

TRUCK, PARTS AND OTHER: 

Net sales and revenues 

Cost of sales and revenues 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Interest and other (income), net 

Truck, Parts and Other Income Before Income Taxes 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Interest and fees 

Operating lease, rental and other revenues 

Revenues 

Interest and other borrowing expenses 

Depreciation and other expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Provision for losses on receivables 

Financial Services Income Before Income Taxes 

Investment income 

Total Income Before Income Taxes 

Income taxes 

Net Income 

Net Income Per Share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative contracts 

Net gain (loss) arising during the period 

Tax effect 

Reclassification adjustment 

Tax effect 

Unrealized (losses) gains on marketable debt securities 

Net holding (loss) gain 

Tax effect 

Reclassification adjustment 

Tax effect 

Pension plans 

Net gain (loss) arising during the period 

Tax effect 

Reclassification adjustment 

Tax effect 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

Net other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive Income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(millions) 

ASSETS 

TRUCK, PARTS AND OTHER: 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade and other receivables, net (allowance for losses: 2022 - , 2021 - 

Marketable securities 

Inventories, net 

Other current assets 

Total Truck, Parts and Other Current Assets 

Equipment on operating leases, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other noncurrent assets, net 

Total Truck, Parts and Other Assets 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Finance and other receivables, net (allowance for losses: 2022 - , 2021 - 

Equipment on operating leases, net 

Other assets 

Total Financial Services Assets 

35 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(millions) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TRUCK, PARTS AND OTHER: 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Dividend payable 

Total Truck, Parts and Other Current Liabilities 

Residual value guarantees and deferred revenues 

Other liabilities 

Total Truck, Parts and Other Liabilities 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Commercial paper and bank loans 

Term notes 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Total Financial Services Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock , no par value - authorized million shares, issued 

Common stock, par value - authorized billion shares 
 issued million and million shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders Equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Equipment on operating leases and other 

Provision for losses on financial services receivables 

Deferred taxes 

Other, net 

Pension contributions 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in assets other than cash and cash equivalents: 

Receivables: 

Trade and other receivables 

Wholesale receivables on new trucks 

Inventories 

Other assets, net 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Residual value guarantees and deferred revenues 

Other liabilities, net 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Originations of retail loans and finance leases 

Collections on retail loans and finance leases 

Net (increase) decrease in wholesale receivables on used equipment 

Purchases of marketable debt securities 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable debt securities 

Payments for property, plant and equipment 

Acquisitions of equipment for operating leases 

Proceeds from asset disposals 

Other, net 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments of cash dividends 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Proceeds from stock compensation transactions 

Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper, short-term bank loans and other 

Proceeds from term debt 

Payments on term debt 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions, except per share data) 

COMMON STOCK, 1 PAR VALUE: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Treasury stock retirement 

stock dividend 

Stock compensation 

Balance at end of year 

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Treasury stock retirement 

Stock compensation 

Balance at end of year 

TREASURY STOCK, AT COST: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Purchases, shares: 2022 - 2021 - 2020 - 

Retirements 

Balance at end of year 

RETAINED EARNINGS: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Net income 

Cash dividends declared on common stock, 
 per share: 2022 - 2021 - 2020 - 

stock dividend 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles 

Balance at end of year 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Balance at end of year 

Total Stockholders Equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

38 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 
 principal segments: (1) the Truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality, light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks (2) the Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles and (3) the Financial Services segment (PFS) includes finance and leasing products and services provided to customers and dealers. PACCAR s finance and leasing activities are principally related to PACCAR products and associated equipment. PACCAR s sales and revenues are derived primarily from North America and Europe. The Company also operates in Australia and Brasil and sells trucks and parts to customers in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and South America. 
 39 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Other noncurrent assets, net 

Other liabilities 

Parts: 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

The Company s total commitment to acquire trucks at a guaranteed value for contracts accounted for as a sale was at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Revenues from extended warranties, operating leases and other include optional extended warranty and repair and maintenance (R&M) service contracts which can be purchased for periods generally ranging up to . The Company defers revenue based on stand-alone observable selling prices when it receives payments in advance and generally recognizes the revenue on a straight-line basis over the warranty or R&M contract periods. See Note I, Product Support Liabilities, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Also included are truck sales with an RVG accounted for as an operating lease. A liability is created for the residual value obligation with the remainder of the proceeds recorded as deferred revenue. The deferred revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period, which typically ranges from to . Total operating lease revenue from truck sales with RVGs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Revenue from winch sales and other is primarily derived from the industrial winch business. Winch sales are recognized when the product is transferred to a customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. Also within this category are other revenues not attributable to a reportable segment. 
 Financial Services: The Company s Financial Services segment products include loans to customers collateralized by the vehicles being financed, finance leases for retail customers and dealers, dealer wholesale financing which includes floating-rate wholesale loans to PACCAR dealers for new and used trucks, and operating leases which include rentals on Company owned equipment. Interest income from finance and other receivables is recognized using the interest method. Certain loan origination costs are deferred and amortized to interest income over the expected life of the contracts using the straight-line method which approximates the interest method. 
 Operating lease rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Customer contracts may include additional services such as excess mileage, repair and maintenance and other services on which revenue is recognized when earned. The Company s full-service lease arrangements bundle these additional services. Rents for full-service lease contracts are allocated between lease and non-lease components based on the relative stand-alone price of each component. Taxes, such as sales and use and value added, which are collected by the Company from a customer, are excluded from the measurement of lease income and expenses. Rental revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. Depreciation and related leased unit operating expenses were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Recognition of interest income and rental revenue is suspended (put on non-accrual status) when the receivable becomes more than 90 days past the contractual due date or earlier if some other event causes the Company to determine that collection is not probable. Accordingly, finance receivables more than 90 days past due were accruing interest at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Recognition is resumed if the receivable becomes current by the payment of all amounts due under the terms of the existing contract and collection of remaining amounts is considered probable (if not contractually modified) or if the customer makes scheduled 
 40 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 to depending on the type and use of the equipment. The lessee is required to either purchase the equipment or guarantee to the Company a stated residual value upon the disposition of the equipment at the end of the finance lease term. 
 Operating lease terms generally range from to . At the end of the operating lease term, the lessee has the option to return the equipment to the Company or purchase the equipment at its fair market value. 
 
 The Company determines its estimate of the residual value of leased vehicles by considering the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand. If the sales price of the truck at the end of the agreement differs from the Company s estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result. Future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the Company s control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts. Residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant. 
 days or less. and and other receivables of and relating primarily to value added tax receivables and supplier allowances and rebates. 
 Finance and Other Receivables: 
 Loans Loans represent fixed or floating-rate loans to customers collateralized by the vehicles purchased and are recorded at amortized cost. 
 Finance leases Finance leases are sales-type finance leases, which lease equipment to retail customers and dealers. These leases are reported as the sum of minimum lease payments receivable and estimated residual value of the property subject to the contracts, reduced by unearned interest. 
 41 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 days outstanding based on contractual payment terms. Accounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible. The allowance for credit losses for Truck, Parts and Other were for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net charge-offs were . for the year ended December 31, 2022 and nil for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Financial Services: The Company continuously monitors the payment performance of its finance receivables. For large retail finance customers and dealers with wholesale financing, the Company regularly reviews their financial statements and makes site visits and phone contact as appropriate. If the Company becomes aware of circumstances that could cause those customers or dealers to face financial difficulty, whether or not they are past due, the customers are placed on a watch list. 
 
 The Company modifies loans and finance leases in the normal course of its Financial Services operations. The Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company s modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. 
 
 When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. When the Company modifies a loan or finance lease for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modification is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). The Company does not typically grant credit modifications for customers that do not meet minimum underwriting standards since the Company normally repossesses the financed equipment in these circumstances. When such modifications do occur, they are considered TDRs. 
 On average, modifications extended contractual terms by approximately in 2022 and in 2021 and did not have a significant effect on the weighted average term or interest rate of the total portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The retail segment consists of retail loans and sales-type finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. Wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the Company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer s financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases, obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over to , and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves. 
 The Company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. Finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. A finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. In addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as TDRs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. Generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. Impaired accounts classified as TDRs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the Company will collect all principal and interest payments. 
 42 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 to . Estimated useful lives of the equipment range from to . The Company reviews residual values of equipment on operating leases periodically to determine that recorded amounts are appropriate. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in value was due to currency translation. warranties covering most of its vehicles and related aftermarket parts. For vehicles equipped with engines manufactured by PACCAR, the Company generally offers warranties on the engine. Specific terms and conditions vary depending on the product and the country of sale. Optional extended warranty and R&M contracts can be purchased for periods which generally range up to . Warranty expenses and reserves are estimated and recorded at the time products or contracts are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded liabilities and adjusts them as appropriate to reflect actual experience. Revenue from extended warranty and R&M contracts is deferred and recognized to income generally on a straight-line basis over the contract period. Warranty and R&M costs on these contracts are recognized as incurred. 
 43 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 at December 31, 2022 . 
 The Company assesses hedges at inception and on an ongoing basis to determine the designated derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flow of the hedged items. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when the Company determines a derivative financial instrument has ceased to be a highly effective hedge. Cash flows from derivative instruments are included in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 , the Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend payable on , to stockholders of record on January 17, 2023, with fractional shares to be paid in cash. This resulted in the issuance of additional shares and fractional shares paid in cash. For all years presented, net income per share, weighted average number of common shares outstanding and cash dividends declared per share on common stock have been restated for the effect of the dividend. 

44 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 of consolidated inventories before deducting the LIFO reserve at December 31, 2021. The Company believes the FIFO method is preferable because it better matches cost with revenues, it results in a more consistent method to value inventory with its foreign subsidiaries and it improves comparability with industry peers. This change increased Retained Earnings by to at January 1, 2020. The effects of the change in accounting principle have been retrospectively applied to all periods presented: 

Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

AS ORIGINALLY REPORTED 

EFFECT OF CHANGE 

AS ADJUSTED 

Truck, Parts and Other 

Cost of sales and revenues 

Income Taxes 

Net Income 

The cumulative effect of the changes made to the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet was as follows: 

December 31, 2021 

AS ORIGINALLY REPORTED 

EFFECT OF CHANGE 

AS ADJUSTED 

Truck, Parts and Other 

Inventories, net 

Other liabilities 

Retained earnings 

The change in accounting policy did not materially affect basic or diluted net income per share or income before income taxes within the Truck, Parts and Other segments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There was no impact on total net cash provided by operating activities. 

Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Net Income Per Share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The effect of the change to income before income taxes within the Truck, Parts and Other segments for the year ended December 31, 2022 would not be material. In addition, there would be no material effect on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 45 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Retained earnings 

, which had no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

STANDARD 

DESCRIPTION 

2021-05 

Leases (Topic 842) Lessors Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments 

2021-10 

Government Assistance (Topic 832) - Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) also issued the following standards, which are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

STANDARD 

DESCRIPTION 
 
 EFFECTIVE DATE 

2022-02 

Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures 
 
 January 1, 2023 

2022-03 

Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to 
 Contractual Sale Restrictions 
 
 January 1, 2024 

The Company will adopt on the effective date. 

Revenues from extended warranties, operating leases and other 

Parts 

Parts sales 

Revenues from dealer services and other 

Winch sales and other 

Truck, Parts and Other sales and revenues 

Operating lease revenues 

Total lease revenues 

46 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

U.S. taxable municipal / non-U.S. provincial bonds 

U.S. corporate securities 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Non-U.S. corporate securities 

Non-U.S. government securities 

Other debt securities 

Marketable equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

UNREALIZED 

UNREALIZED 

FAIR 

2021 

COST 

GAINS 

LOSSES 

VALUE 

Marketable debt securities 

U.S. tax-exempt securities 

U.S. taxable municipal / non-U.S. provincial bonds 

U.S. corporate securities 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Non-U.S. corporate securities 

Non-U.S. government securities 

Other debt securities 

Marketable equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

The cost of marketable debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Amortization, accretion, interest and dividend income and realized gains and losses are included in investment income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Gross realized gains were , and , and gross realized losses were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Net realized losses on marketable equity securities were for the year ended December 31, 2022 and nil for 2021. 

Unrealized losses 

The unrealized losses on marketable debt securities above were due to higher yields on certain securities. The Company did not identify any indicators of a credit loss in its assessments. Accordingly, allowance for credit losses was recorded at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company does not currently intend, and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell the investment securities before recovery of the unrealized losses. The Company expects the contractual principal and interest will be received on the investment securities. 
 
 47 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

One to five years 

Six to ten years 

More than ten years 

Work in process and raw materials 

In the first quarter of 2022, the Company changed the method of accounting for its U.S. inventories from last-in-first-out (LIFO) to first-in-first-out (FIFO) and all prior periods have been restated. 

Finance leases 

Dealer wholesale financing 

Operating lease receivables and other 

Less allowance for losses: 

Loans and leases 

Dealer wholesale financing 

Operating lease receivables and other 

Included in Finance and other receivables, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is accrued interest receivable (net of allowance for credit losses) of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The net activity of dealer direct loans and dealer wholesale financing on new trucks is shown in the operating section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows since those receivables finance the sale of Company inventory. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

48 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Unguaranteed residual values 

Unearned interest on finance leases 

Net investment in finance leases 

Experience indicates substantially all of dealer wholesale financing will be repaid within . In addition, repayment experience indicates that some loans, leases and other finance receivables will be paid prior to contract maturity, while others may be extended or modified. 
 For the following credit quality disclosures, finance receivables are classified into two portfolio segments, wholesale and retail. The retail portfolio is further segmented into dealer retail and customer retail. The dealer wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing to PACCAR dealers. The dealer retail segment consists of loans and leases to participating dealers and franchises that use the proceeds to fund customers acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. The customer retail segment consists of loans and leases directly to customers for the acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. Customer retail receivables are further segregated between fleet and owner/operator classes. The fleet class consists of customer retail accounts operating five or more trucks. All other customer retail accounts are considered owner/operator. These two classes have similar measurement attributes, risk characteristics and common methods to monitor and assess credit risk. 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Currency translation and other 

Balance at December 31 

2021 

DEALER 

CUSTOMER 

WHOLESALE 

RETAIL 

RETAIL 

OTHER 

TOTAL 

Balance at January 1 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Currency translation and other 

Balance at December 31 

49 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Provision for losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Currency translation and other 

Balance at December 31 

Operating lease and other trade receivables. 

. 

Credit Quality: The Company's customers are principally concentrated in the transportation industry in North America, Europe, Australia and Brasil. The Company s portfolio assets are diversified over a large number of customers and dealers with no single customer or dealer balances representing over of the total portfolio assets. The Company retains as collateral a security interest in the related equipment. 
 At the inception of each contract, the Company considers the credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit-rating agency ratings, loan-to-value ratios and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors credit quality based on past due status and collection experience as there is a meaningful correlation between the past due status of customers and the risk of loss. 
 The Company has three credit quality indicators: performing, watch and at-risk. Performing accounts pay in accordance with the contractual terms and are not considered high-risk. Watch accounts include accounts 31 to 90 days past due and large accounts that are performing but are considered to be high risk. Watch accounts are not impaired. At-risk accounts are accounts that are impaired, including TDRs, accounts over 90 days past due and other accounts on non-accrual status. 
 
 50 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Watch 

Retail: 

Performing 

At-risk 

Total dealer 

Customer retail: 

Fleet: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Owner/operator: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total customer retail 

Total 

51 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Watch 

Retail: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total dealer 

Customer retail: 

Fleet: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Owner/operator: 

Performing 

Watch 

At-risk 

Total customer retail 

Total 

31 60 days past due 

Greater than 60 days past due 

DEALER 

CUSTOMER RETAIL 

At December 31, 2021 

WHOLESALE 

RETAIL 

FLEET 

OWNER/ OPERATOR 

TOTAL 

Current and up to 30 days past due 

31 60 days past due 

Greater than 60 days past due 

52 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Amortized cost basis with no specific reserve 

Total 

DEALER 

CUSTOMER RETAIL 

At December 31, 2021 
 
 WHOLESALE 

RETAIL 

FLEET 

OWNER/ OPERATOR 

TOTAL 

Amortized cost basis with a specific reserve 

Amortized cost basis with no specific reserve 

Total 

Customer retail: 

Fleet 

Owner/operator 

Troubled Debt Restructurings: The balance of TDRs was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Owner/operator 

The effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 TDRs modified during the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted (i.e., became more than 30 days past due) in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were nil . 
 
 There were finance receivables modified as TDRs during the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted and were charged off for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Repossessions: When the Company determines a customer is not likely to meet its contractual commitments, the Company repossesses the vehicles which serve as collateral for the loans, finance leases and equipment under operating leases. The Company records the vehicles as used truck inventory included in Financial Services Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The balance of repossessed inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Proceeds from the sales of repossessed assets were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in Proceeds from asset disposals in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Write-downs of repossessed equipment on operating leases are recorded as impairments and included in Financial Services Depreciation and other expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 53 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Less allowance for depreciation 

Annual minimum lease payments due on Financial Services operating leases beginning January 1, 2023 are , , , , and thereafter. 
 When the equipment is sold subject to an RVG, the full sales price is received from the customer. A liability is established for the residual value obligation with the remainder of the proceeds recorded as deferred lease revenue. 

Deferred lease revenues 

Annual maturities of the RVGs beginning January 1, 2023 are , , , , and nil thereafter. The deferred lease revenue is amortized on a straight-line basis over the RVG contract period. At December 31, 2022, the annual amortization of deferred revenues beginning January 1, 2023 are , , , and nil thereafter 

Buildings and improvements 

- 

Machinery, equipment and production tooling 

- 

Construction in progress 

Less allowance for depreciation 

Product support liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Right-of-return liabilities 

Accrued capital expenditures 

Salaries and wages 

Other 

54 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Cost accruals 

Payments 

Change in estimates for pre-existing warranties 

Currency translation and other 

Balance at December 31 

Deferred revenues 

Revenues recognized 

Currency translation 

Balance at December 31 

The Company expects to recognize approximately of the remaining deferred revenues on extended warranties and R&M contracts in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and thereafter. 

Other liabilities 

Financial Services: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Bank loans 

Term notes 

Commercial paper and term notes borrowings were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized discounts and the net effect of fair value hedges were ) and ) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective rate is the weighted average rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and includes the effects of interest-rate contracts. 
 55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Interest paid on borrowings was , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets, and to a lesser extent, bank loans. The medium-term notes are issued by PACCAR Financial Corp. (PFC), PACCAR Financial Europe (PFE), PACCAR Financial Mexico (PFM), PACCAR Financial Pty. Ltd. (PFPL Australia) and PACCAR Financial Ltd. (PFL Canada). 
 In November 2021, the Company s U.S. finance subsidiary, PFC, filed a shelf registration under the Securities Act of 1933. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFC as of December 31, 2022 was . In January 2023, PFC issued of medium-term notes under this registration. The registration expires in and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during that period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s European finance subsidiary, PFE, had available for issuance under a medium-term note program listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. . 
 In August 2021, PFM registered a Mexican pesos medium-term note and commercial paper program with the Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. The registration expires in and limits the amount of commercial paper (up to to Mexican pesos. At December 31, 2022, Mexican pesos were available for issuance. 
 In August 2018, the Company s Australian subsidiary, PFPL Australia, established a medium-term note program. The program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFPL Australia as of December 31, 2022 was Australian dollars. 
 In May 2021, the Company s Canadian subsidiary, PFL Canada, established a medium-term note program. The program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. The total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for PFL Canada as of December 31, 2022 was Canadian dollars. 
 The Company has line of credit arrangements of , of which were unused at December 31, 2022. Included in these arrangements are of committed bank facilities, of which expires in , expires in and expires in . The Company intends to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. These credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings and maturing medium-term notes. There were borrowings under the committed bank facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 56 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total rental expenses for all leases were , and , respectively. 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Other assets 

Total right-of-use assets 

TRUCK, PARTS AND OTHER: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Other liabilities 

FINANCIAL SERVICES: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

years 

years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Total lease liabilities 

57 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

, from third-party financial institutions, in the normal course of business, which guarantee various insurance, financing and other activities. At December 31, 2022, PACCAR s financial services companies, in the normal course of business, had outstanding commitments to fund new loan and lease transactions amounting to . The commitments generally expire in days. The Company had other commitments, primarily to purchase production inventory, equipment and energy amounting to , , , , and for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and beyond, respectively. 
 The Company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters. In certain of these matters, the Company has been designated as a potentially responsible party by domestic and foreign environmental agencies. The Company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the Company will incur such costs in the future. Expenditures related to environmental activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 While the timing and amount of the ultimate costs associated with future environmental cleanup cannot be determined, management expects that these matters will not have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial position. 
 On July 19, 2016, the European Commission (EC) concluded its investigation of all major European truck manufacturers and reached a settlement with DAF Trucks N.V., DAF Trucks Deutschland GmbH and PACCAR Inc (collectively the Company ). Following the settlement, certain EC-related claims and lawsuits have been filed in various jurisdictions primarily in Europe against all major European truck manufacturers including the Company and certain subsidiaries. These claims and lawsuits include a number of collective proceedings, including a class action in the United Kingdom, alleging EC-related claims and seeking monetary damages. In certain jurisdictions, the limitations period has not yet expired and additional claimants may bring EC-related claims and lawsuits against the Company or its subsidiaries. 
 The legal proceedings are continuing to move through the court systems in the various jurisdictions with some larger cases awaiting judgment in 2023 and others scheduled for trial in upcoming years. On February 7, 2023, the Competition Appeal Tribunal in the U.K. issued a judgment awarding the claimants monetary damages. The amount of the judgment is not material to the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company is evaluating its options, including an appeal. While the Company believes it has meritorious defenses to all EC-related claims and lawsuits, the final disposition of all such claims and lawsuits will likely take a significant period of time to resolve and the final outcomes are highly uncertain. Considering the complexity of the claims and the different stages of the proceedings in a variety of jurisdictions, including the recent judgment in the U.K., the Company cannot at this time reasonably estimate a range of loss that may result. Adverse final decisions involving significant numbers of DAF truck sales could have a material impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 PACCAR is also a defendant in various other legal proceedings and, in addition, there are various other contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of business. After consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate that disposition of these various other proceedings and contingent liabilities will have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 , and respectively . 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans: The Company has several defined benefit pension plans, which cover a majority of its employees. The Company evaluates its actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and considers changes based upon market conditions and other factors. 
 The expected return on plan assets is determined by using a market-related value of assets, which is calculated based on an average of the previous five years of asset gains and losses. 
 Generally, accumulated unrecognized actuarial gains and losses are amortized using the corridor approach. The corridor is defined as the greater of either 10 of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. The amortization amount is the excess beyond the corridor divided by the average remaining estimated service life of participants on a straight-line basis. 
 The Company funds its pensions in accordance with applicable employee benefit and tax laws. The Company contributed to its pension plans in 2022 and in 2021. The Company expects to contribute in the range of to to its pension plans in 2023, of which is estimated to satisfy minimum funding requirements. Annual benefits expected to be paid beginning January 1, 2023 are , , , , and a total of for the five years thereafter. 
 Plan assets are invested in global equity and debt securities through professional investment managers with the objective to achieve targeted risk adjusted returns and maintain liquidity sufficient to fund current benefit payments. Typically, each defined benefit plan has an investment policy that includes a target for asset mix, including maximum and minimum ranges for allocation percentages by investment category. The actual allocation of assets may vary at times based upon rebalancing policies and other factors. The Company periodically assesses the target asset mix by evaluating external sources of information regarding the long-term historical return, volatilities and expected future returns for each investment category. In addition, the long-term rates of return assumptions for pension accounting are reviewed annually to ensure they are appropriate. Target asset mix and forecast long-term returns by asset category are considered in determining the assumed long-term rates of return, although historical returns realized are given some consideration. 
 The fair value of mutual funds, common stocks and U.S. treasuries is determined using the market approach and is based on the quoted prices in active markets. These securities are categorized as Level 1. The fair value of debt securities is determined using the market approach and is based on the quoted market prices of the securities or other observable inputs. These securities are categorized as Level 2. 
 The fair value of commingled and pooled trust funds is determined using the market approach and is based on the unadjusted net asset value (NAV) per unit as determined by the sponsor of the fund based on the fair values of underlying investments. These assets are collective investment trusts and pooled funds, and substantially all of these investments have no redemption restrictions or unfunded commitments. Securities measured at NAV per unit as a practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 

Global equities 

Total equities 

45 - 65 

Fixed income: 

U.S. fixed income 

Non-U.S. fixed income 

Total fixed income 

35 - 55 

Cash and other 

Total plan assets 

59 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Global equities 

Total equities 

50 - 70 

Fixed income: 

U.S. fixed income 

Non-U.S. fixed income 

Total fixed income 

30 - 50 

Cash and other 

Total plan assets 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 

Assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Benefits paid 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

Currency translation and other 

Participant contributions 

Projected benefit obligation at December 31 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at January 1 

Employer contributions 

Actual (loss) gain on plan assets 

Benefits paid 

Currency translation and other 

Participant contributions 

Fair value of plan assets at December 31 

Funded status at December 31 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Other liabilities 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

Actuarial loss 

Prior service cost 

60 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 
 Of the December 31, 2022 amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss, of unrecognized actuarial loss and of unrecognized prior service cost are expected to be amortized into net pension expense in 2023. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans of the Company was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Interest on projected benefit obligation 

Expected return on assets 

Amortization of prior service costs 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Settlement loss 

Net pension expense 

The components of net pension expense other than service cost are included in Interest and other (income), net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Multi-employer Plans: The Company participates in multi-employer plans in the U.S. and Europe. These are typically under collective bargaining agreements and cover its union-represented employees. 

Western Metal Industry Pension Plan 

Other plans 

The Company contributions shown in the table above approximate the multi-employer pension expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Metal and Electrical Engineering Industry Pension Fund is a multi-employer union plan incorporating all DAF employees in the Netherlands and is covered by a collective bargaining agreement that will expire on May 31, 2024. The Company s contributions were less than of the total contributions to the plan for the last two reporting periods ending December 2022. The plan is required by law (the Netherlands Pension Act) to have a minimum coverage ratio in excess of and a policy coverage ratio in excess of (weighted coverage ratio of the last 12 months). Because the policy coverage ratio of at December 31, 2022 is below the required threshold, a funding improvement plan remains in place. Based on the funding improvement plan, the required coverage of should be reached by the end of 2026. The funding improvement plan includes a possible reduction in pension benefits and delays in future benefit increases. 
 The Western Metal Industry Pension Plan is located in the U.S. and is covered by a collective bargaining agreement that will expire on November 2, 2025. In accordance with the U.S. Pension Protection Act of 2006, the plan continued to be certified as critical (red) status as of December 31, 2022, and a funding improvement plan has been implemented requiring additional contributions through 2022 as long as the plan remains in critical status. Contributions by the Company were and of the total contributions to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 61 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 of each plan s total contributions. As of December 31, 2022, one of the other plans was under a funding rehabilitation plan requiring an increase to the mandated employer surcharge from to , which will be applicable for each succeeding year in which the plan remains in a critical status. 
 There were no significant changes for the multi-employer plans in the periods presented that affected comparability between periods. 
 Defined Contribution Plans: The Company maintains several defined contribution benefit plans whereby it contributes designated amounts on behalf of participant employees. The largest plan is for U.S. salaried employees where the Company matches a percentage of employee contributions up to an annual limit. The match was of eligible pay in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Other plans are located in Australia, the Netherlands, Canada, United Kingdom and Germany. Expenses for these plans were , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 

Foreign 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred (benefit) provision: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Tax benefits recognized for net operating loss carryforwards were , and for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 62 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Effect of: 

State 

Research and development tax credit 

Tax on foreign earnings 

Other, net 

Based on the Company s current operations, the Company does not expect that the repatriation of future foreign earnings will be subject to significant income tax as a result of the U.S. modified territorial system. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of , of which related to foreign subsidiaries and related to states in the U.S. The related deferred tax asset was , for which a valuation allowance has been provided. to indefinite, subject to certain limitations under applicable laws. The future tax benefits of net operating loss carryforwards are evaluated on a regular basis, including a review of historical and projected operating results. 

R&D expense capitalization 

Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards 

Inventory adjustments 

Allowance for losses on receivables 

Unrealized investment loss 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Liabilities: 

Financial Services leasing depreciation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Postretirement benefit plans 

Inventory adjustments 

Other 

Net deferred tax liability 

The balance sheet classifications of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Other noncurrent assets, net 

Other liabilities 

Financial Services: 

Other assets 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

63 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Additions for tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions related to prior years 

Reductions for tax positions related to prior years 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

Balance at December 31 

The Company had , and of unrecognized tax benefits, of which , and would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized , ) and ) of expense (income) related to interest in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accrued interest expense and penalties were , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest and penalties are classified as income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The Company believes it is reasonably possible that approximately of unrecognized tax benefits, resulting primarily from research and development tax credits, will be resolved within the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, The Company s tax returns for other major jurisdictions remain subject to examination for the years ranging from through . 

Recorded into AOCI 

Reclassified out of AOCI 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

DERIVATIVE 
 CONTRACTS 

MARKETABLE 
 DEBT 
 SECURITIES 

PENSION PLANS 

FOREIGN 
 CURRENCY 
 TRANSLATION 

TOTAL 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Recorded into AOCI 

Reclassified out of AOCI 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

DERIVATIVE 
 CONTRACTS 

MARKETABLE 
 DEBT 
 SECURITIES 

PENSION PLANS 

FOREIGN 
 CURRENCY 
 TRANSLATION 

TOTAL 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

Recorded into AOCI 

Reclassified out of AOCI 

Net other comprehensive (loss) income 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

64 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Cost of sales and revenues 

Interest and other (income), net 

Commodity contracts 

Cost of sales and revenues 

x 

Financial Services 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Interest and other borrowing expenses 

Interest-rate contracts 

Interest and other borrowing expenses 

Pre-tax expense increase (reduction) 

Tax (benefit) expense 

After-tax expense increase (reduction) 

Unrealized gains on marketable debt securities: 

Marketable debt securities 

Investment income 

Tax expense 

After-tax income increase 

Unrealized losses on pension plans: 

Truck, Parts and Other 

Actuarial loss 

Interest and other (income), net 

Prior service costs 

Interest and other (income), net 

.7 

.8 

Settlement loss 

Interest and other (income), net 

Pre-tax expense increase 

Tax benefit 

After-tax expense increase 

Total reclassifications out of AOCI 

Other Capital Stock Changes: The Company purchased and retired treasury shares of nil in 2022 and 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Interest-Rate Contracts: The Company enters into various interest-rate contracts, including interest-rate swaps and cross currency interest-rate swaps. Interest-rate swaps involve the exchange of fixed for floating rate or floating for fixed rate interest payments based on the contractual notional amounts in a single currency. Cross currency interest-rate swaps involve the exchange of notional amounts and interest payments in different currencies. The Company is exposed to interest-rate and exchange-rate risk caused by market volatility as a result of its borrowing activities. The objective of these contracts is to mitigate the fluctuations on earnings, cash flows and fair value of borrowings. Net amounts paid or received are reflected as adjustments to interest expense. 
 At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the Company s interest-rate contracts was . Notional maturities for all interest-rate contracts are for 2023, for 2024, for 2025, for 2026, for 2027 and thereafter. 
 Foreign-Exchange Contracts: The Company enters into foreign-exchange contracts to hedge certain anticipated transactions and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar, the euro, the British pound, the Australian dollar, the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. The objective is to reduce fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company enters into foreign-exchange contracts as net investment hedges to reduce 
 65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 . Foreign -exchange contracts typically mature . 
 Commodity Contracts: The Company enters into commodity forward contracts to hedge the prices of certain commodities used in the production of trucks. The objective is to reduce the fluctuation in earnings and cash flows associated with adverse movement in commodity prices. At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the outstanding commodity contracts was . Commodity contracts mature . 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Foreign-exchange contracts: 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Financial Services: 

Other current assets 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Commodity contracts: 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Foreign-exchange contracts: 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Financial Services: 

Other assets 

Deferred taxes and other liabilities 

Commodity contracts: 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Gross amounts recognized in Balance Sheet 

Less amounts not offset in financial instruments: 

Truck, Parts and Other: 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Commodity contracts 

Financial Services: 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Interest-rate contracts 

Pro forma net amount 

66 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Cost of sales and revenues 

Cash flow hedges 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Interest and other (income), net 

Cash flow hedges 

Net investment hedges 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Financial Services: 

Interest and other borrowing expenses 

Cash flow hedges 

Fair value hedges 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Selling, general and administrative 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Total 

The Company began commodity hedging in 2021. The loss from commodity contracts recorded in cost of sales and revenue was and for the year ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings together with the changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. 

Cumulative basis adjustment included in the carrying amount 

The above table excludes the cumulative basis adjustments on discontinued hedge relationships of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 years. 

Financial Services 

The pre-tax effects of loss on commodity hedges recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) for Truck, Parts and Other was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The amount of gain recorded in AOCI at December 31, 2022 that is estimated to be reclassified into earnings in the following 12 months if interest rates and exchange rates remain unchanged is approximately , net of taxes. The fixed interest earned on finance receivables will offset the amount recognized in interest expense, resulting in a stable interest margin consistent with the Company s risk management strategy. 
 The amount of gains (losses) reclassified out of AOCI into net income based on the probability that the original forecasted transactions would not occur was for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and nil for year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as net investment hedges are recorded in AOCI as an adjustment to the Cumulative Translation Adjustment (CTA). The notional amount of the outstanding net investment hedge was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The pre-tax gain recognized in OCI for the net investment hedges was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 transfer of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels at the end of the reporting period. 
 68 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Subject to Recurring Fair Value Measurement 

U.S. taxable municipal / non-U.S. provincial bonds 

U.S. corporate securities 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Non-U.S. corporate securities 

Non-U.S. government securities 

Other debt securities 

Total marketable debt securities 

Marketable equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

Derivatives 

Cross currency swaps 

Interest-rate swaps 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Commodity swaps 

Total derivative assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives 

Cross currency swaps 

Interest-rate swaps 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Commodity contracts 

Total derivative liabilities 

69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

U.S. taxable municipal / non-U.S. provincial bonds 

U.S. corporate securities 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Non-U.S. corporate securities 

Non-U.S. government securities 

Other debt securities 

Total marketable debt securities 

Marketable equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

Derivatives 

Cross currency swaps 

Interest-rate swaps 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Total derivative assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives 

Cross currency swaps 

Interest-rate swaps 

Foreign-exchange contracts 

Commodity contracts 

Total derivative liabilities 

Fair Value Disclosure of Other Financial Instruments 
 For financial instruments that are not recognized at fair value, the Company uses the following methods and assumptions to determine the fair value. These instruments are categorized as Level 2, except cash which is categorized as Level 1 and fixed rate loans which are categorized as Level 3. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents: Carrying amounts approximate fair value. 
 Financial Services Net Receivables: For floating-rate loans, wholesale financing, and operating lease and other trade receivables, carrying values approximate fair values. For fixed rate loans, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on assumptions regarding the credit and market risks to approximate current rates for comparable loans. Finance lease receivables and related allowance for credit losses have been excluded from the accompanying table. 
 Debt: The carrying amounts of Financial Services commercial paper, variable rate bank loans and variable rate term notes approximate fair value. For fixed rate debt, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on current rates for comparable debt. 

Liabilities: 

Financial Services fixed rate debt 

70 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions, except per share data) 
 
 from the grant date and generally vest after . Restricted stock awards generally vest over or earlier upon meeting certain age and service requirements. 
 The Company recognizes compensation cost on these options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite period the employee is required to render service less estimated forfeitures based on historical experience. The plans contain antidilution provisions. Consequently, the following data has been restated to reflect the Company s stock dividend in February 2023. The maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance under these plans is million shares, and as of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares available for future grants was million. 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term 

years 

years 

years 

Weighted average grant date fair value of options per share 

The estimated fair value of each option award is determined on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses assumptions noted in the table above. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility. The dividend yield is based on an estimated future dividend yield using projected net income for the next five years, implied dividends and Company stock price. The expected term is based on the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical experience. 
 The fair value of options granted was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of options vested was during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Cash received from stock option exercises 

Tax benefit related to stock award exercises 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax benefit related to stock-based compensation 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31 

6.37 

Vested and expected to vest 

6.30 

Exercisable 

4.13 

71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions, except per share data) 
 
 The fair value of restricted shares is determined based upon the stock price on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested awards outstanding at December 31 

Weighted Average 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options, which is recognized over a remaining weighted average vesting period of years. Unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards of is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 

Antidilutive options 

principal segments: Truck, Parts and Financial Services. The Company evaluates the performance of its Truck and Parts segments based on operating profits, which excludes investment income, other income and expense, and income taxes. The Financial Services segment s performance is evaluated based on income before income taxes. Geographic revenues from external customers are presented based on the country of the customer. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements as described in Note A. 
 Truck and Parts: The Truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality, light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks and the Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles, both of which are sold through the same network of independent dealers. These segments derive a large proportion of their revenues and operating profits from operations in North America and Europe. The Truck segment incurs substantial costs to design, manufacture and sell trucks to its customers. The sale of new trucks provides the Parts segment with the basis for parts sales that may continue over the life of the truck, but are generally concentrated in the first five years after truck delivery. To reflect the benefit the Parts segment receives from costs incurred by the Truck segment, certain expenses are allocated from the Truck segment to the Parts segment. The expenses allocated are based on a percentage of the average annual expenses for factory overhead, engineering, research and development and SG&A expenses for the preceding five years. The allocation is based on the ratio of the average parts direct margin dollars (net sales less material and labor costs) to the total truck and parts direct margin dollars for the previous five years. The Company believes such expenses have been allocated on a reasonable basis. Truck segment assets related to the indirect expense allocation are not allocated to the Parts segment. 
 
 Financial Services: The Financial Services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing of PACCAR products and services provided to truck customers and dealers. Revenues are primarily generated from operations in North America and Europe. 
 In Europe, the marketing of used trucks, including those units sold by the Truck segment subject to an RVG, is performed by the Financial Services segment. When a customer returns the truck at the end of the RVG contract, the Company s Truck segment records a reduction in an RVG liability and the Company s Financial Services segment records a used truck asset and revenue from the subsequent sale. Certain gains and losses from the sale of these used trucks are shared with the Truck segment. 
 72 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions)) , and for 202 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 , respectively. 

Europe 

Other 

Property, plant and equipment, net: 

United States 

Belgium 

The Netherlands 

Other 

Equipment on operating leases, net: 

United States 

Spain 

Mexico 

Germany 

France 

Poland 

United Kingdom 

Other 

73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (currencies in millions) 

Less intersegment 

External customers 

Parts 

Less intersegment 

External customers 

Other 

Financial Services 

Income (loss) before income taxes: 

Truck 

Parts 

Other 

Financial Services 

Investment income 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Truck 

Parts 

Other 

Financial Services 

Expenditures for long-lived assets: 

Truck 

Parts 

Other 

Financial Services 

Segment assets: 

Truck 

Parts 

Other 

Cash and marketable securities 

Financial Services 

74 

management s report on internal control over 
 financial reporting 
 
 The management of PACCAR Inc (the Company) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ernst & Young LLP, the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report is included on page 77. 

R. Preston Feight 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 75 

report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of PACCAR Inc 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PACCAR Inc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Product Warranty 

Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s liability for product warranty totaled 438 million at December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note A of the consolidated financial statements, the Company's liability for product warranty is estimated and recorded at the time products are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded liabilities and adjusts them as appropriate to reflect actual experience. 
 
 Auditing the Company s liability for product warranty is complex due to the significant measurement uncertainty associated with the estimate and the application of significant management judgment, including the inputs used to estimate the number of and cost of future warranty claims. In addition, management formulates an estimate of recoveries from suppliers. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the warranty reserve process, including management s assessment of the assumptions and data underlying the reserve. 
 
 To evaluate the liability for product warranty, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying claims, supplier recovery data and evaluating the methodologies and assumptions used in the warranty accrual calculation. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates through a hindsight analysis. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1945 

February 22, 2023 

76 

report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of PACCAR Inc 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited PACCAR Inc s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, PACCAR Inc (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

Seattle, Washington 

February 22, 2023 

77 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

 The registrant has not had any disagreements with its independent auditors on accounting or financial disclosure matters. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting on page 75 and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company s internal control over financial reporting on page 77 for the year ended December 31, 2022, are included in this Form 10-K. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

 Not applicable. 

78 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

 Item 401(a), (d), and (e) of Regulation S-K: 
 The following information is included in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Identification of directors, family relationships, and business experience is included under the caption ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. 
 Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K: 
 Information about the Company s executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 Item 405 of Regulation S-K: 
 The information required by this item is included in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 406 of Regulation S-K: 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to the registrant s senior financial officers including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company, in accordance with Item 406 of Regulation S K, has posted this Code of Ethics on its website at www.paccar.com . The Company intends to disclose on its website any amendments to, or waivers from, its Code of Ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 Item 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of Regulation S K: 
 The following information is included in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference: 

Identification of the audit committee is included under the caption THE AUDIT COMMITTEE. 

Identification of audit committee financial experts is included under the caption AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT. 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

 The following information is included in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference: 

Compensation of Directors is included under the caption COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. 

Compensation of Executive Officers and Related Matters is included under the caption COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 

Compensation Committee Report is under the caption COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT. 

 79 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

 Stock ownership information is included under the captions STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS and STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding equity compensation plans required by Regulation S K Item 201(d) is provided in Item 5 of this Form 10 K. 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

 No transactions with management and others as defined by Item 404 of Regulation S K occurred in 2022. 
 Information concerning director independence is included under the caption BOARD GOVERNANCE in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst & Young LLP, Seattle, Washington (Auditor Firm ID No. ). 
 Principal accounting fees and services information is included under the caption INDEPENDENT AUDITORS in the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting of April 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 80 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

 (a) (1) Listing of financial statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of PACCAR Inc are included in Item 8: 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (2) Listing of financial statement schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because the required matter or conditions are not present or because the information required by the schedules is submitted as part of the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 (3) Listing of Exhibits (in order of assigned index numbers): 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Date of First Filing 

Exhibit 
 Number 

File Number 

(3) (i) 

Articles of Incorporation: 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PACCAR Inc 

8-K 

May 4, 2018 

3(i) 

001-14817 

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PACCAR Inc 

8-K 

April 24, 2020 

3(i) 

001-14817 

Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PACCAR Inc 

8-K 

April 29, 2022 

3(i) 

001-14817 

(ii) 

Bylaws: 

Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of PACCAR Inc 

8-K 

July 26, 2022 

3(ii) 

001-14817 

(4) 

Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures : 

(a) 

Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of November 20, 2009 between PACCAR Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 

S-3 

November 20, 2009 

4.1 

333-163273 

(b) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series O (PACCAR Financial Corp.) 

S-3 

November 5, 2015 

4.2 and 4.3 

333-207838 

(c) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series P (PACCAR Financial Corp.) 

S-3 

November 2, 2018 

4.2 and 4.3 

333-228141 

(d) 

Forms of Medium-Term Note, Series Q (PACCAR Financial Corp.) 

S-3 

November 1, 2021 

4.3 and 4.4 

333-260663 

(e) 

Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the 2,500,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme of PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. set forth in the Listing Particulars dated July 4, 2019 

10-Q 

October 30, 2019 

4(i) 

001-14817 

81 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Date of First Filing 

Exhibit 
 Number 

File Number 

(f) 

Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the 2,500,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme of PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. set forth in the Information Memorandum dated May 29, 20 20 

10-Q 

August 3, 2020 

4(h) 

001-14817 

(g) 

Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the 2,500,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme of PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. set forth in the Information Memorandum dated July 15, 2021 

10-Q 

August 2, 2021 

4(g) 

01-14817 

(h) 

Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the 2,500,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme of PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. set forth in the Information Memorandum dated July 13, 2022 

10-Q 

August 2, 2022 

4(h) 

001-14817 

(i) 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10-K 

February 19, 2020 

4(j) 

001-14817 

Pursuant to the Instructions to Exhibits, certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries are not filed because the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the Company s total assets. The Company will file copies of such instruments upon request of the Commission. 

(10) 

Material Contracts: 

(a) 

PACCAR Inc Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Plan 

10-K 

February 27, 2009 

10(a) 

001-14817 

(b) 

Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan 

10-Q 

May 10, 2012 

10(b) 

001-14817 

(c) 

Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated as of December 31, 2004) 

10-K 

February 27, 2006 

10(b) 

001-14817 

(d) 

Second Amended and Restated PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors 

(e) 

PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Form of Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 

8-K 

December 10, 2007 

99.3 

001-14817 

(f) 

Amendment to Compensatory Arrangement with Non-Employee Directors 

10-K 

February 26, 2015 

10(g) 

001-14817 

(g) 

PACCAR Inc Senior Executive Yearly Incentive Compensation Plan 

10-K 

February 19, 2020 

10(g) 

001-14817 

(h) 

PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan 

(i) 

Amendment One to PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan, Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement and Form of Option Grant Agreement 

10-Q 

August 7, 2013 

10(k) 

001-14817 

(j) 

PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan, 2018 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

10-K 

February 21, 2019 

10(m) 

001-14817 

(k) 

PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan, Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

10-K 

February 21, 2019 

10(n) 

001-14817 

(l) 

PACCAR Inc Savings Investment Plan, Amendment and Restatement effective September 1, 2016 

10-Q 

November 4, 2016 

10(q) 

001-14817 

(m) 

Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of May 11, 2007, by and among PACCAR Engine Company, the State of Mississippi and certain state and local supporting governmental entities 

8-K 

May 16, 2007 

10.1 

001-14817 

82 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Date of First Filing 

Exhibit 
 Number 

File Number 

(n) 

Letter Waiver Dated as of July 22, 2008 amending the Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of May 11, 2007, by and among PACCAR Engine Company, the State of Mississippi and certain state and local supporting governmental entities 

10-Q 

October 27, 2008 

10(o) 

001-14817 

(o) 

Second Amendment to Memorandum of Understanding dated as of September 26, 2013, by and among PACCAR Engine Company, the Mississippi Development Authority and the Mississippi Major Economic Impact Authority 

10-Q 

November 7, 2013 

10(u) 

001-14817 

(p) 

Third Amendment to Memorandum of Understanding dated as of November 12, 2019, by and among PACCAR Engine Company, the Mississippi Development Authority and the Mississippi Major Economic Impact Authority 

10-K 

February 19, 2020 

10(r) 

001-14817 

(q) 

Second Amended and Restated PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Form of Amended Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement 

10-K 

February 26, 2015 

10(t) 

001-14817 

(r) 

Second Amended and Restated PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Form of Amended Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 

10-K 

February 26, 2015 

10(u) 

001-14817 

(21) 

Subsidiaries of the registrant 

(23) 

Consent of the independent registered public accounting firm 

(24) 

Power of attorney Powers of attorney of certain directors 

(31) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications: 

(a) 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

(b) 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

(32) 

Section 1350 Certifications: 

Certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(b) and section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350) 

(101.INS) 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

(101.SCH) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

(101.CAL) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

(101.DEF) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

(101.LAB) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

(101.PRE) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(104) 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed herewith 

(b) 
 
 Exhibits (Exhibits filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission are not included herein. Copies of exhibits will be furnished to stockholders at a cost of 25 per page upon written request addressed to Corporate Secretary, PACCAR Inc, P.O. Box 1518, Bellevue, Washington 98009). 

(c) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules All schedules are omitted because the required matter or conditions are not present or because the information required by the schedules is submitted as part of the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

83 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PACCAR Inc 

Registrant 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 /s/ R. Preston Feight 

R. Preston Feight 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ R. P. Feight 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

R. P. Feight 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ H. C. A. M. Schippers 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

H. C. A. M. Schippers 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ M. T. Barkley 

Senior Vice President and Controller 

M. T. Barkley 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ M. C. Pigott 

Executive Chairman and Director 

M. C. Pigott 

/s/ A. J. Carnwath 

Director 

A. J. Carnwath 

/s/ F. L. Feder 

Director 

F. L. Feder 

/s/ B. E. Ford 

Director 

B. E. Ford 

/s/ K. S. Hachigian 

Director 

K. S. Hachigian 

/s/ R. C. McGeary 

Director 

R. C. McGeary 

/s/ J. M. Pigott 

Director 

J. M. Pigott 

/s/ G. Ramaswamy 

Director 

G. Ramaswamy 

/s/ M. A. Schulz 

Director 

M. A. Schulz 

/s/ G. M. E. Spierkel 

Director 

G. M. E. Spierkel 

By 
 
 /s/ M. C. Pigott 

M. C. Pigott 

Attorney-in-Fact 

84 

<EX-10.D>
 2
 pcar-ex10d_926.htm
 EX-10.D

pcar-ex10d_926.htm

Exhibit 10(d) 
 Updated for 50 Stock Dividend 
 February 7, 2023 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 PACCAR INC 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AND DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 (Effective January 1, 2014) 

1. 
 
 PURPOSE OF THE PLAN 

 The Company has established this Plan to provide Non-Employee Directors with financial incentives to promote the success of the Company s long-term business objectives, and to encourage qualified persons to accept nominations as a Non-Employee Director. The Plan is unfunded and benefits are payable in the form of shares of PACCAR Common Stock or cash. The Plan was last amended and restated in December 2008. 
 The Company hereby amends and restates the Plan effective as of January 1, 2014. The deferral feature of the Plan is intended to satisfy the requirements of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended the Code ), with respect to compensation deferred after December 31, 2004 (and subsequent earnings thereon). The balance in the Deferred Accounts as of December 31, 2004 (and subsequent earning thereon) shall be governed by the distribution rules in effect on December 31, 2004. 

2. 
 
 DEFINITIONS 

(a) 
 
 Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of PACCAR Inc. 

(b) 
 
 Committee means the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors or any successor to such committee. 

(c) 
 
 Common Stock means common shares of PACCAR Inc with 1.00 par value and any class of common shares into which such common shares hereafter may be converted. 

(d) 
 
 Company means PACCAR Inc, a Delaware corporation. 

(e) 
 
 Deferred Accounts means either the unfunded Stock Unit Account or Income Account maintained by the Company into which a Non-Employee Director may defer payment of his or her cash compensation (retainer and fees) or elect to receive a credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of a grant of Restricted Stock for service as a Company director. The Company also shall establish subaccounts under a Non-Employee Director s Deferred Accounts in order to separately account for the amounts in such Deferred Accounts that are, and that are not, subject to section 409A of the Code. 

(f) 
 
 Fair Market Value means the closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ reported for the date specified for determining such value. 

(g) 
 
 Grant Date means the date that Non-Employee Directors receive a grant of Restricted Stock. 

(h) 
 
 Grantee means the Non-Employee Director receiving the Restricted Stock or his legal representative, legatees, distributees, alternate payees, or trustees as the case may be. 

(i) 
 
 Retirement means retirement as a Non-Employee Director at age seventy-two (72) or at such other retirement age with consent of the Board of Directors. 

(j) 
 
 Non-Employee Director means a member of the Company s Board of Directors who is not a current employee of the Company. 

(k) 
 
 Plan means this PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor plan that the Committee or Board of Directors may adopt from time to time with respect to the grant of Director Restricted Stock or other stock-based grants. 

(l) 
 
 Restricted Stock means Common Stock that may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of by the Grantee except under such circumstances as may be specified by the Committee. 

(m) 
 
 Termination means a separation from service within the meaning of section 409A of the Code. 

1 

2 

3. 
 
 PARTICIPATION 

 Each Non-Employee Director of the Company shall be eligible to participate in the Plan during his tenure as a Director. 

4. 
 
 GRANTS OF RESTRICTED STOCK 

(a) 
 
 Except as set forth in Section 7, on the first business day of each calendar year for the duration of the Plan (the Grant Date), each person who is a Non-Employee Director shall receive a grant of Restricted Stock in an amount equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that the Base Amount could have purchased at the Fair Market Value on such Grant Date (rounded up to the nearest whole share). The Base Amount shall be 100,000 as previously established as of January 1, 2012. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may adjust the Base Amount for any Grant Date; provided, that the adjusted Base Amount is established no later than the December 31 immediately prior to the Grant Date on which such Base Amount shall be effective. 

(b) 
 
 Shares of Restricted Stock shall vest in full and become unrestricted on the third anniversary of the applicable Grant Date subject to the provisions of Section 10. Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by a Grantee until such shares become unrestricted in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b). 

(c) 
 
 Each Restricted Stock grant shall be evidenced by a written Restricted Stock Grant Agreement that shall be executed by the Grantee and an authorized Company representative which shall indicate the date of the Restricted Stock award, the number of shares of Common Stock awarded, and contain such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine with respect to such Restricted Stock grant consistent with the Plan. 

(d) 
 
 Except as set forth in Section 7, a PACCAR Non-Employee Director first elected to the Board of Directors during a calendar year is entitled to a pro-rated grant of Restricted Stock. The pro-rated grant of Restricted Stock shall be calculated as follows: the number of shares of Common Stock that the Base Amount could have purchased at the Fair Market Value on the first business day the Non-Employee Director s Board service becomes effective (the Grant Date (rounded up to the nearest whole share) pro-rated to reflect the number of calendar quarters such Non-Employee Director will serve on the Board of Directors during the calendar year in which such Non-Employee Director is first elected. 

5. 
 
 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

 There shall be reserved for use under the Plan (subject to the provisions of Section 8 hereof) a total of 1,645,312 shares of Common Stock, which shares may be authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, treasury shares, or issued shares of Common Stock that shall have been reacquired by the Company. 

6. 
 
 DIVIDEND, VOTING, AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS 

 Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, each Grantee shall have all of the rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to all outstanding shares of Restricted Stock registered in his name, including the right to receive dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to such shares and the right to vote such shares. 

7. 
 
 DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION 

 A Non-Employee Director may elect, on or before December 31 of any year, to defer at least 25 of the cash compensation to be paid to the Non-Employee Director for services as a Company director during the following calendar year and/or elect to receive a credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a). Before the term of a new Non-Employee Director begins, he may elect within thirty (30) days of first becoming eligible to participate in the Plan to defer payment of the cash compensation earned for the remainder of the calendar year in which his term begins and/or elect to receive a credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(d). Any credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d) shall be for the same number of shares of Common Stock and have the same restrictions and vesting provisions otherwise applicable to the grant of Restricted Stock. Such credit to the Stock Unit Account shall be evidenced by a written Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement that shall be executed by the Non-Employee Director and an authorized Company representative which shall indicate the date of the Deferred Restricted Stock Unit award, the number of units awarded, and contain such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine with respect to such Deferred Restricted Stock Unit grant consistent with the Plan. 
 
 3 
 
 Each participating Non-Employee Director may elect to have all or a portion of his cash compensation placed into one or both of two unfunded accounts maintained by the Company (hereafter Deferred Accounts). At the time a Non-Employee Director makes a deferral election, such Non-Employee Director shall specify the time and manner in which the Deferred Accounts shall be paid, using the deferral election forms prescribed by the Committee. Payment of the Deferred Accounts may be made (i) at the time of the Non-Employee Director s Termination or (ii) based on a specific date after the Non-Employee Director s Termination (including the date the Non-Employee Director attains a specified age). The Non-Employee Director s deferral election form also must specify the allocation and investment of the deferred compensation between the Stock Unit Account and the Income Account. If a Non-Employee Director fails to specify the allocation and investment of the deferred compensation, then it shall be allocated and invested in the Income Account. Amounts deferred into the Stock Unit Account or the Income Account may not be transferred to the other deferred account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Non-Employee Director elects to receive a credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d), such credit may not be allocated to the Income Account. 

(a) 
 
 Stock Unit Account. In the case of cash deferrals, the account will be credited with the number of shares of Common Stock that the amount deferred could have purchased at the Fair Market Value on the date the Non-Employee Director s cash compensation is payable. In the case of a credit to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d), the account will be credited with the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise applicable to the grant of Restricted Stock subject to the same vesting conditions otherwise applicable to such Restricted Stock. Thereafter, any dividends earned will be treated as if those dividends had been invested in additional shares of Common Stock at the Fair Market Value on the date the dividend is payable. Vested amounts credited to the Stock Unit Account shall be distributed in shares of Common Stock either in a single payment or in substantially equal annual installments (over a period not to exceed 15 years), as specified by the Non-Employee Director on the deferral election form. Any fractional shares will be paid in cash. If a Non-Employee Director fails to specify the manner in which the Stock Unit Account shall be distributed, then it shall be distributed in a single payment. 

(b) 
 
 Income Account. The account will be credited with the amount deferred, and interest shall begin to accrue, as of the date the Non-Employee Director s cash compensation is payable. Interest is credited at a rate equal to the simple combined average of the monthly Aa Industrial Bond yield averages for the immediately preceding calendar quarter as reported in Moody s Bond Record. Interest is compounded quarterly. Amounts credited to the Income Account shall be distributed either in a single payment or in substantially equal quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments (over a period not to exceed 15 years), as specified by the Non-Employee Director on the deferral election form. If a Non-Employee Director fails to specify the manner in which the Income Account shall be distributed, then it shall be distributed in a single payment. 

 Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the deferral election a Non-Employee Director makes under the Plan shall remain in effect from year-to-year. A Non-Employee Director may, however, increase or decrease the amount being deferred in the future by making a new deferral election no later than the December 31 immediately preceding the calendar in which the new election is to be effective. The amounts deferred under the new deferral election shall be distributed at the time specified in the prior deferral election and the amounts deferred under the new deferral election will be allocated in accordance with the prior deferral election, unless the Non-Employee Director specifies otherwise. 
 A Non-Employee Director may change the time and manner in which the Deferred Accounts shall be distributed; provided that (i) the new deferral election will become effective 12 months from the date it is made and (ii) the new deferral election specifies a distribution date that is at least five (5) years later than the prior distribution date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a change in the time and/or manner of distribution of the Deferred Accounts shall not accelerate the distribution date of the Deferred Accounts, except as allowed by section 409A of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 

8. 
 
 ADJUSTMENTS TO THE NUMBER OR VALUE OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

 If there are any changes in the number or value of shares of Common Stock by reason of stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, or other events that increases or decreases the number or value of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, then proportionate adjustments shall be made to the number of shares of Common Stock (i) available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 5 above, (ii) covered by an unvested grant of Restricted Stock, and (iii) credited to each Stock Unit Account in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights. This provision does not, however, authorize the delivery of a fractional share of Common Stock under the Plan. 

4 

9. 
 
 NON-TRANSFERABILITY 

 Shares of Restricted Stock and the Deferred Accounts shall not be assigned, attached, or otherwise subject to any creditor s process or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a trust created for the benefit of the Non-Employee Director or his family or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code, Title I of Employee Retirement Income Security Act or the rules thereunder. The restrictions set forth in Section 4(b) shall apply to the shares of Restricted Stock in the hands of the trustee or Non-Employee Director s former spouse. 

10. 
 
 TERMINATION OF STATUS AS A NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR 

(a) 
 
 In the event of a Termination by reason of Retirement, disability, or death, all shares of Restricted Stock held by the Grantee shall become fully vested, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4(b) hereof, and the Grantee (or the Grantee s estate or a person who acquired the shares of Restricted Stock by bequest or inheritance) shall have the right to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of such shares at any time. In addition, in the event of such a Termination, all vesting restrictions on the credits made to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d) shall lapse but the payout provisions of such credits shall not be affected by such Termination. 

(b) 
 
 In the event of a Termination for any reason other than those specified in Section 10 (a) above, any shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall be forfeited and the Grantee shall return to the Company for cancellation any stock certificates representing such forfeited shares which shall be deemed to be canceled and no longer outstanding as of the date of Termination; and from and after the date of Termination, the Grantee shall cease to be a shareholder with respect to such forfeited shares and shall have no dividend, voting, or other rights with respect thereto. In addition, in the event of such a Termination, any then unvested credits made to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d) shall be forfeited. 

(c) 
 
 The Deferred Accounts shall be distributed (or commence to be distributed), in accordance with the Non-Employee Director s prior election form. If a Non-Employee Director failed to specify the time on which the Deferred Accounts shall be distributed, then such Non-Employee Director s Deferred Accounts shall be distributed in the first January following the Non-Employee Director s Termination. 

(d) 
 
 Notwithstanding a Non-Employee Director s election, if the aggregate value of the Deferred Accounts is less than 50,000 at the time distribution is made (or is scheduled to begin), then the Deferred Accounts shall be distributed at that time in a single payment, in shares of Common Stock for the Stock Unit Account and in cash for the Income Account. 

11. 
 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL 

 Upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company, all grants of Restricted Stock under the Plan shall vest in full and become unrestricted and nonforfeitable. In addition, all vesting restrictions on the credits made to the Stock Unit Account in lieu of the grant of Restricted Stock described in Section 4(a) or 4(d) shall lapse but the payout provisions of such credits shall not affected by such change in control. For purposes of this Section 11, a change in control shall have the meaning given to such term under Section 16.4 of the PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan, as approved by the shareholders of the Company on April 20, 2011. In addition, the Board or the Committee may in its sole discretion terminate the deferral feature of the Plan within the 30 days preceding or the 12 months following a change in control event (as such term is defined in the Treasury regulations promulgated pursuant to section 409A of the Code) and pay out deferred amounts, in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(j)(ix)(B) of the Treasury regulations promulgated pursuant to section 409A of the Code . 

12. 
 
 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

 The Plan will be administered by the Committee. The Company will pay all costs of administration of the Plan. The Committee shall have sole discretion to interpret the Plan, amend and rescind rules relating to its implementation and make all determinations necessary for administration of the Plan. Any determination, decision, or action of the Committee in connection with the interpretation, administration, or application of the Plan shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons. The Committee may employ consultants or other persons and rely upon their advice. All actions taken and all determinations made by the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon all Non-Employee Directors, the Company, and all interested persons. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan. 
 The Committee may make such amendments or modifications in the terms and conditions of any grant of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable, or cancel or annul any grant of Restricted Stock; provided, however, that no such 
 
 5 
 
 amendment, modification, cancellation or annulment may, without the consent of the Grantee, adversely affect his rights with respect to such grant. In addition, the Committee may amend or modify the deferral feature, provided that any such amendment or modification (i) is made in accordance with section 409A of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, (ii) does not adversely affect the Non-Employee Director s rights thereunder without such Non-Employee Director s written consent, and (iii) is not a material modification that would result in the loss of grandfather treatment with respect to the balance in the Deferred Accounts as of December 31, 2004 (and earnings thereon). 

13. 
 
 TAX WITHHOLDING 

 To the extent required by law, the Non-Employee Director (or Grantee, if applicable) shall make such arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy any tax withholding or employment tax obligations due with respect to Restricted Stock or the Deferred Accounts. The Company shall have the right to withhold or deduct from any payment under the Plan in order to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations. 

14. 
 
 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN 

 The Board of Directors or the Committee may at any time suspend, terminate, modify or amend the Plan in any respect; provided, however, shareholder approval of any Plan amendment shall be obtained only if required by law or the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and provided, further, that any termination shall be subject to the requirements of section 409A of the Code. No suspension, termination, modification, or amendment of the Plan may, without the consent of the Non-Employee Director (or Grantee, if applicable), adversely affect his rights with respect to the Restricted Stock or his Deferred Accounts. 

15. 
 
 BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 

 Each Non-Employee Director may designate a beneficiary for each outstanding grant of Restricted Stock and for payment of his Deferred Accounts in the event of his death. If no beneficiary is designated or the beneficiary does not survive the Non-Employee Director, the award shall be made to the Non-Employee Director s surviving spouse or, if there is none, to his estate. 

16. 
 
 SECTION 409A 6-MONTH DELAY 

 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, if a Non-Employee Director is deemed by the Company at the time of the Non-Employee Director s separation from service to be a specified employee, each within the meaning of section 409A of the Code, any compensation or benefits subject to section 409A of the Code to which the Non-Employee Director becomes entitled under this Plan (or any agreement or plan referenced in this Plan) in connection with such separation shall not be made or commence until the first day of the month immediately following the date that is six (6) months after the Non-Employee Director s separation from service (or the Non-Employee Director s death, if earlier). Such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to the Non-Employee Director, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20 tax for which the Non-Employee Director would otherwise be liable under section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any compensation or benefits which would have otherwise been paid during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this Section 17 shall be paid to the Non-Employee Director or his or her beneficiary in one lump sum. 

17. 
 
 EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE PLAN AND DURATION 

 This Plan, as amended and restated, is effective January 1, 2014 and will remain in effect until the tenth (10 th anniversary of the approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company at the 2014 annual meeting or, if earlier, the date the Plan is terminated by the Committee or the Board of Directors as provided herein. 
 
 6 

</EX-10.D>

<EX-10.H>
 3
 pcar-ex10h_925.htm
 EX-10.H

pcar-ex10h_925.htm

Exhibit 10(h) 
 Updated for 50 Stock Dividend 
 February 7, 2023 

LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 ARTICLE 1. INTRODUCTION. 
 The Plan was first adopted by the Board on February 11, 1991 and approved by the Company's stockholders on April 30, 1991. Amendments to the Plan were approved by the stockholders in 1997, 2002, 2006, 2011, and 2016. The Plan was further amended on December 9, 2019 (the 2019 Amendment by action of the Board. All past Awards granted or made under the Plan that are intended to constitute performance-based compensation within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) shall continue to be administered in accordance with their terms and without regard to the 2019 Amendment. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long term success of the Company and the creation of stockholder value by (a) encouraging Key Employees to focus on critical long range objectives, (b) encouraging the attraction and retention of Key Employees with exceptional qualifications, and (c) linking Key Employees directly to stockholder interests through increased stock ownership. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for Awards in the form of Restricted Shares, Stock Units, Options (which may constitute incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock options), stock appreciation rights, or cash. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington. 
 ARTICLE 2. ADMINISTRATION. 

1 

2 

The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall (a) select the Key Employees who are to receive Awards under the Plan, (b) determine the type, number, vesting requirements, and other conditions of such Awards (or amendments thereto), (c) interpret the Plan, and (d) make all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan. The Committee may adopt such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan. The Committee's determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. 
 ARTICLE 3. SHARES AVAILABLE FOR GRANTS. 
 Any Common Shares issued pursuant to the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The aggregate number of Restricted Shares, Stock Units, SARs, and Options awarded under the Plan shall not exceed 68,343,750, subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 10. If any Restricted Shares, Stock Units, or Options are forfeited or if any Options terminate for any other reason before being exercised, then the Common Shares covered by such Restricted Shares, Stock Units or Options shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. 
 - - 
 
 However, if Options are surrendered upon the exercise of related SARs, then such Options shall not be restored to the pool available for Awards. Any cash-settled dividend equivalents under the Plan shall not be applied against the number of Restricted Shares, Stock Units, or Options available for Awards, while any dividend equivalents that are converted into stock-settled Stock Units shall be applied against such number . 
 ARTICLE 4. ELIGIBILITY. 
 Only Key Employees shall be eligible for designation as Participants. A Key Employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Section 422(c)(5) of the Code are satisfied. 
 ARTICLE 5. OPTIONS. 

3 

4 

5 

5.1 
 
 Stock Option Agreement . Each grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is an ISO or a NSO. The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 

5.2 
 
 Transferability . No Option granted under the Plan shall be transferable by the Optionee other than by will, or by a beneficiary designation executed by the Optionee and delivered to the Company, or by the laws of descent and distribution unless the Committee provides otherwise in a nonstatutory stock option agreement. An Option may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by him or her or by his or her guardian or legal representative unless the Committee provides otherwise in a nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement. No Option or interest therein may be assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by the Optionee during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 

5.3 
 
 Number of Shares . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Common Shares subject to the Option, provided that the maximum number of Common Shares awarded to any Participant in any year shall be 1,898,437 (subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 10). The Stock Option Agreement shall provide for the adjustment of such number including the maximum number in accordance with Article 10. 

5.4 
 
 Exercise Price. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price under an Option shall not be less than the closing price of a Common Share on the date of grant. Subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 10, the Exercise Price of outstanding Options fixed by the Committee shall not be modified. 

 - - 

5.5 
 
 Exercisability and Term . Stock options and any SARs granted will vest three (3) years from the January 1 of the year in which the options are granted and may be exercised up to ten (10) years after the date of grant subject to the terms of vesting and exercise set forth in the Stock Option Agreement. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become exercisable. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for the accelerated exercise of the Option in the event of the Optionee's death, disability or retirement and may provide for expiration of the Option prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Optionee's service. NSOs may also be awarded in combination with Restricted Shares or Stock Units, and such an Award may provide that the NSOs will not be exercisable unless the related Restricted Shares or Stock Units are forfeited. 

5.6 
 
 Effect of Change in Control . The Committee may determine, at the time of granting an Option or thereafter, that such Option (and any SARs included therein) shall become fully exercisable as to all Common Shares subject to such Option if a Change in Control occurs. If the Committee finds that there is a reasonable possibility that, within the next six months, a Change in Control will occur with respect to the Company, then the Committee may determine that all outstanding Options (and any SARs included therein) shall become fully exercisable as to all Common Shares subject to such Options. 

ARTICLE 6. PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES. 

6 

6.1 
 
 General Rule . The entire Exercise Price of Common Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Common Shares are purchased, except as follows: 

i 
 
 In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Stock Option Agreement. The Stock Option Agreement may specify that payment may be made in any form(s) described in this Article 6. 

(ii) 
 
 In the case of an NSO, the Committee may at any time accept payment in any form(s) described in this Article 6. 

6.2 
 
 Surrender of Stock . To the extent that this Section 6.2 is applicable, payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made with Common Shares which have already been owned by the Optionee. Such Common Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date when the new Common Shares are purchased under the Plan. 

 - - 

6.3 
 
 Exercise/Sale . To the extent that this Section 6.3 is applicable, payment may be made by the delivery in a manner prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Common Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company in payment of all or part of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes. 

6.4 
 
 Exercise/Pledge . To the extent that this Section 6.4 is applicable, payment may be made by the delivery (in a manner prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to pledge Common Shares to a securities broker or lender, as security for a loan, and to deliver all or part of the loan proceeds to the Company in payment of all or part of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes. 

6.5 
 
 Promissory Note . To the extent that this Section 6.5 is applicable, payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made with a full-recourse promissory note; provided that the par value of newly issued Common Shares must be paid in lawful money of the U.S. at the time when such Common Shares are purchased. 

6.6 
 
 Other Forms of Payment . To the extent that this Section 6.6 is applicable, payment may be made in any other manner that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and rules. 

 ARTICLE 7. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 

7 

7.1 
 
 Grant of SARs . Each Option granted under the Plan may include a SAR. The maximum number of SARs that may be awarded to any Participant in any year shall be 1,898,437 (subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 10). Such SAR shall entitle the Optionee (or any person having the right to exercise the Option after the Optionee s death) to surrender to the Company, unexercised, all or any part of that portion of the Option which then is exercisable and to receive from the Company Common Shares or cash, or a combination of Common Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine. If a SAR is exercised, the number of Common Shares remaining subject to the related Option shall be reduced accordingly, and vice versa. The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Common Shares received upon exercise of a SAR shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of surrender) of the Common Shares subject to the surrendered portion of the Option exceeds the Exercise Price. In no event shall any SAR be exercised if such Fair Market Value does not exceed the Exercise Price. A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of grant but may be included in a NSO at the time of grant or at any subsequent time. 

7.2 
 
 Exercise of SARs . A SAR may be exercised to the extent that the Option in which it is included is exercisable, subject to any restrictions imposed by Rule 16b 3 under the Exchange Act (as amended from time to time). If, on the date when an Option expires, the Exercise Price under such Option is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such Option has not been exercised or surrendered, then any SAR included in such 

 - - 

Option shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion. An Option granted under the Plan may provide that it will be exercisable as a SAR only in the event of a Change in Control. 

 ARTICLE 8. RESTRICTED SHARES AND STOCK UNITS. 

8 

8.1 
 
 Time, Amount, and Form of Awards . Awards under the Plan may be granted in the form of Restricted Shares, in the form of Stock Units, or in any combination of both. Restricted Shares or Stock Units may also be awarded in combination with NSOs, and such an Award may provide that the Restricted Shares or Stock Units will be forfeited in the event that the related NSOs are exercised. The maximum number of Restricted Shares and/or Stock Units awarded to any Participant in any year shall be 675,000 (subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 10). 

8.2 
 
 Performance Based Awards. The Committee will establish a performance goal or goals Performance Goal for each Award not later than the 90th day of the Award Year to which the Award relates; provided, however, that the Committee may establish or amend goals after the first 90 days for new hires or to reflect significant changes in a participant s responsibilities. The period for each Performance Goal will commence on January 1 and end on December 31 of such year (the Performance Period ). Performance Goals for this purpose will be based on objective criteria specifically defined by the Committee on a Company, business unit or peer group comparison basis, which may include or exclude specified items of an unusual or nonrecurring nature and are based on one or more of the following: earnings per share, net income, return on assets, return on sales, return on capital, return on equity, return on revenue, cash flow, cost reduction, total shareholder return, economic value added, cash flow return on investment, and cash value added. The Committee may also establish performance goals based on subjective and/or objective criteria relating to leadership or strategic objectives at the Company or business unit level, which may include or exclude specified items of an unusual or non-recurring nature. 

 The Committee, in its sole discretion, may reduce or eliminate any Award otherwise earned based on an assessment of individual performance, but in no event may any such reduction result in an increase of the Award payable to any other Participant. The Committee shall determine the amount of any such reduction by taking into account such factors as it deems relevant including, without limitation: (a) performance against other financial or strategic objectives; (b) its subjective assessment of the executive s overall performance for the year; and (c) prevailing levels of total compensation among similar companies. 

8.3 
 
 Evaluation and Vesting Conditions . Within 60 days after the end of the Performance Period, the Committee will certify in writing whether the Performance Goal has been achieved. 

 For each Award of Restricted Shares or Stock Units, one-fourth shall vest on the 
 - - 
 
 first day of the month following the date of such certification, and an additional one-fourth on each succeeding first of January, so as to be 100 vested on the third January 1 following the certification. Such Award may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant's death, disability, or retirement. The Committee may determine, at any time , that such Award shall become fully vested if a Change in Control occurs . 

8.4 
 
 Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units . Settlement of vested Stock Units may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Common Shares, or in any combination of both. Methods of converting Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average Fair Market Value of Common Shares over a series of trading days. Vested Stock Units may be settled in a lump sum or in installments. The distribution may occur or commence when all vesting conditions applicable to the Stock Units have been satisfied or have lapsed, or it may be deferred to any later date consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code if subject to Section 409A of the Code. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until an Award of Stock Units is settled, the number of such Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 10. 

8.5 
 
 Death of Recipient . Any Stock Units Award that becomes payable after the recipient's death shall be distributed to the recipient's beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each recipient of a Stock Units Award under the Plan shall designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Award recipient's death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Award recipient, then any Stock Units Award that becomes payable after the recipient's death shall be distributed to the recipient's estate. 

8.6 
 
 Creditors' Rights . A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Award Agreement. 

 ARTICLE 9 . VOTING AND DIVIDEND RIGHTS . 

9 

9.1 
 
 Restricted Shares . The holders of Restricted Shares awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend, and other rights as the Company's other stockholders. Cash dividends on Restricted Shares reinvested in additional Restricted Shares and any stock dividends paid on Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Award with respect to which the dividends were paid. Such additional Restricted Shares attributable to cash dividends that are reinvested shall reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3. 

9.2 
 
 Stock Units . The holders of Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any Stock Unit awarded under the Plan shall carry with it a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash dividends paid on one Common Share while the Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Common Shares, or in a combination of both. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents which are not paid shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Stock Units to which they attach. 

 - - 

ARTICLE 10 . PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION . 

10 

10.1 
 
 Adjustments . In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Common Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Common Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Common Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Common Shares, a recapitalization, a divestiture spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make appropriate and proportionate adjustments in one or more of (a) the number, kind and/or class of shares available for future Awards under Article 3, (b) the number, kind and/or class of shares covered by an outstanding Award, (c) the Exercise Price under each outstanding Option and SAR, or (d the per person per year limitations on Awards under the Plan. Except as provided in this Article 10, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. 

10.2 
 
 Reorganizations . In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or other reorganization, outstanding Options, Restricted Shares, and Stock Units shall be subject to the agreement of merger or reorganization. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption of outstanding Awards by the surviving corporation or its parent, for their continuation by the Company (if the Company is a surviving corporation), for accelerated vesting, or for settlement in cash. 

 ARTICLE 11 . LONG TERM PERFORMANCE CASH AWARDS . 

11 

11.1 
 
 The Committee may grant long term performance cash awards to any Participant in its sole discretion. Payment of cash awards will be based on the attainment of specified performance goals over a designated performance period in excess of one year. Performance goals for this purpose will be based on objective criteria specifically defined by the Committee on a Company, business unit or peer group comparison basis, which may include or exclude specified items of an unusual or nonrecurring 

 - - 

nature and are based on one or more of the following: earnings per share, net income, return on assets, return on sales, return on capital, return on equity, return on revenue, cash flow, cost reduction, total shareholder return, economic value added, cash flow return on investment, and cash value added. The Committee may also establish performance goals based on subjective and/or objective criteria relating to leadership or strategic objectives at the Company or business unit level, which may include or exclude specified items of an unusual or non-recurring nature. 

11.2 
 
 The Committee, in its sole discretion, may reduce or eliminate any award otherwise earned based on an assessment of individual performance, but in no event may any such reduction result in an increase of the award payable to any other Participant. The Committee shall determine the amount of any such reduction by taking into account such factors as it deems relevant including, without limitation: (a) performance against other financial or strategic objectives; (b) its subjective assessment of the executive s overall performance for the year; and (c) prevailing levels of total compensation among similar companies. The maximum amount that may be paid to any eligible Participant in any year with respect to a long term performance cash award is 7,000,000. 

11.3 
 
 If a Change of Control occurs, each Participant will be entitled to the maximum prorated award based on the number of full or partial months completed prior to the Change of Control during the performance period in which the Change of Control occurs. Each Participant shall be entitled to be paid the sums in his deferred income and/or stock account on the earliest date permitted by law. 

11.4 
 
 The Company may grant long term performance awards under other plans or programs consistent with the limitations described in Article 11. Such awards and all stock units credited under the Company's Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan may be settled in the form of Common Shares issued under this Plan. Such Common Shares shall be treated for all purposes under the Plan like Common Shares issued in settlement of Stock Units and shall reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3. 

11.5 
 
 The Committee may permit the deferral of any award and may permit payment on deferrals to be made in cash or shares of Common Stock subject to rules and procedures it may establish which shall comply with Section 409A of the Code for deferrals subject to Section 409A of the Code. These rules may include provisions for crediting dividend equivalents on deferred stock unit accounts and crediting interest on deferred cash accounts. 

 ARTICLE 12 . LIMITATION ON RIGHTS . 

12 

12.1 
 
 Employment Rights . Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain an employee of the 

 -- 

Company or a Subsidiary. The Company and its Subsidiaries reserve the right to terminate the service of any employee at any time, with or without cause, subject only to a written employment agreement (if any). 

12.2 
 
 Stockholders' Rights . A Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights, or other rights as a stockholder with respect to any Common Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the issuance of the stock, except as expressly provided in Section 9.1. No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such certificate is issued, except as expressly provided in Articles 8, 9, and 10. 

12.3 
 
 Regulatory Requirements . Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Common Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Common Shares pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Common Shares, to their registration, qualification or listing, or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. 

12.4 
 
 Repricing, Exchange, or Cash-Out Prohibited . Except as permitted in Article 10 above: 

i 
 
 no reduction in the Exercise Price of any Award is permitted; 

(ii) 
 
 no previously granted Award may be exchanged for another Award with a lower Exercise Price; and 

(iii) 
 
 no previously granted Award whose Exercise Price is higher than the Fair Market Value of Company stock may be cancelled in exchange for cash or another Award. 

 ARTICLE 13 . WITHHOLDING TAXES . 

13 

13.1 
 
 General . To the extent required by applicable federal, state, local, or foreign law, the recipient of any payment or distribution under the Plan shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise by reason of the receipt or vesting of such payment or distribution. The Company shall not be required to issue any Common Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. 

13.2 
 
 Share Withholding . The Committee may permit the recipient of any payment or distribution under the Plan to satisfy his or her minimum tax withholding obligations by having the Company withhold a portion of any Common Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering a portion of any Common Shares that previously were issued to him or her. Such Common Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date when taxes otherwise would be withheld in cash. Any payment of taxes by 

 - - 

assigning Common Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including any restrictions required by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 ARTICLE 14 . ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER OF AWARDS . 
 Except as provided in Article 13 and Section 5.2, any Award granted under the Plan shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred, or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Article 14 shall be void. However, this Article 14 shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any undistributed Awards in the event of the Participant's death, nor shall it preclude a transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In addition, neither this Article 14 nor any other provision of the Plan shall preclude a Participant from transferring or assigning Restricted Shares or Stock Units to (a) the trustee of a trust that is revocable by such Participant alone, both at the time of the transfer or assignment and at all times thereafter prior to such Participant's death, or (b) the trustee of any other trust to the extent approved in advance by the Committee in writing. A transfer or assignment of Restricted Shares or Stock Units from such trustee to any person other than such Participant shall be permitted only to the extent approved in advance by the Committee in writing, and Restricted Shares or Stock Units held by such trustee shall be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Stock Award Agreement, as if such trustee were a party to such Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 15. EFFECT OF MATERIAL RESTATEMENTS 
 The Board, in its sole discretion may recover all or part of an award under the Plan if it determines that all of the following have occurred: 

i 
 
 Any Award under the Plan has been received by a Section 16 Officer or former Section 16 Officer of the Company; 

(ii) 
 
 The Section 16 Officer engaged in fraud that caused or substantially contributed to material restatement of the Company s financial statements; and 

(iii) 
 
 The Award was based in whole or in part on financial results that were subsequently subject to the material restatement. 

 ARTICLE 16 . FUTURE OF THE PLAN . 

14 

15 

16 

16.1 
 
 Term of the Plan . The Plan shall remain in effect until it is terminated under Section 16.2, except that no ISOs shall be granted after December 6, 2020. 

 - - 

16.2 
 
 Amendment or Termination . The Board may, at any time and for any reason, amend or terminate the Plan. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders only to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, or rules. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the termination thereof. The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not affect any Award previously granted under the Plan. 

 ARTICLE 17 . DEFINITIONS . 

17 

17.1 
 
 " Award " means any award of an Option (with or without a related SAR), a Restricted Share, a Stock Unit or a long term performance cash award under the Plan. 

17.2 
 
 " Award Year " means a fiscal year with respect to which an Award may be granted. 

17.3 
 
 " Board " means the Company's Board of Directors. 

17.4 
 
 " Change in Control " means the occurrence of any of the following events unless otherwise defined in any Stock Award Agreement or Stock Option Agreement. The change in control requirements identified in regulations implementing Section 409A(e)(2) of the Code will prevail over any conflicting provisions of subsections (i) to (iv) below for those nonqualified deferred compensation plans governed by Section 409A of the Code: 

i 
 
 The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 15 or more of either (i) the then outstanding Common Shares (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by the natural children and grandchildren of Paul Pigott and Theiline McCone Pigott (the "Immediate Pigott Family"), any trust or foundation to which any of the foregoing has transferred or may transfer securities of the Company, the trusts at Bank America Corporation or its successor, holding outstanding Common Shares for descendants of Paul Pigott and Theiline McCone Pigott, any trust established for the primary benefit of any member of the Immediate Pigott Family or any of their respective heirs or legatees, any trust of which any member of the Immediate Pigott Family 

 - - 

serves as a trustee (or any affiliate or associate (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of any of the foregoing) (the "Exempted Interests"), or (e) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction described in clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) below; 

(ii) 
 
 Individuals who, as of the date this Plan is approved by the Company's stockholders, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; 

(iii) 
 
 The consummation of a reorganization, merger, share exchange, or consolidation (a "Business Combination"), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 85 of, respectively, the then outstanding Common Shares and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding (1) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination or (2) the Exempted Interests) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 15 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or 

 - - 

(iv) 
 
 The consummation of (A) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (B) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than to a corporation with respect to which, following such sale or other disposition, (1) more than 85 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale or other disposition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (2) less than 15 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person (excluding (x) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation or (y) the Exempted Interests), except to the extent that such Person owned 15 or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities prior to the sale or disposition, and (3) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of such corporation were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such sale or other disposition of assets of the Company or were elected, appointed or nominated by the Board. 

17.5 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

17.6 
 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

17.7 
 
 Common Share means one share of the common stock of the Company. 

17.8 
 
 Company means PACCAR Inc, a Delaware corporation. 

17.9 
 
 " Exchange Act " means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

17.10 
 
 " Exercise Price " means the amount for which one Common Share may be purchased upon exercise of an Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 

17.11 
 
 " Fair Market Value " shall mean the closing price of a Common Share on the trading day immediately preceding the date in question. 

17.12 
 
 " ISO " means an incentive stock option described in Section 422(b) of the Code. 

 - - 

17.13 
 
 " Key Employee " means a key common law employee of the Company or of a Subsidiary, as determined by the Committee. 

17.14 
 
 " NSO " means an employee stock option not described in sections 422 through 424 of the Code. 

17.15 
 
 " Option " means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan and entitling the holder to purchase one Common Share. 

17.16 
 
 " Optionee " means an individual or estate who holds an Option. 

17.17 
 
 " Participant " means an individual or estate who holds an Award. 

17.18 
 
 " Plan " means this PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. 

17.19 
 
 " Restricted Share " means a Common Share awarded under the Plan. 

17.20 
 
 " SAR " means a stock appreciation right granted under the Plan. 

17.21 
 
 Section 16 Officer means an executive officer as defined in section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

17.22 
 
 " Stock Award Agreement " means the agreement between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Share or Stock Unit which contains the terms, conditions, and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Share or Stock Unit. 

17.23 
 
 " Stock Option Agreement " means the agreement between the Company and an Optionee which contains the terms, conditions, and restrictions pertaining to his or her Option. 

17.24 
 
 " Stock Unit " means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Common Share awarded under the Plan. 

17.25 
 
 " Subsidiary " means an entity in which the Company directly or indirectly owns a majority of all classes of outstanding equity. 

 ARTICLE 18 . EXECUTION . 
 To record the amendment and restatement of the Plan by the Board, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to affix the corporate name and seal hereto. 
 - - 

</EX-10.H>

<EX-21>
 4
 pcar-ex21_6.htm
 EX-21

pcar-ex21_6.htm

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT (a) 

Name 

State or 
 Country of 
 Incorporation 

Names Under Which Company 
 Or Subsidiaries Do Business 

PACCAR of Canada Ltd. 

Canada 

PACCAR of Canada Ltd. 

Canadian Kenworth Company 

Peterbilt of Canada 

PACCAR Parts of Canada 

Kenworth Montreal 

PACCAR Australia Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

PACCAR Australia Pty. Ltd. 

Kenworth Trucks 

PACCAR Parts 

DAF Trucks Australia 

PACCAR Financial Pty. Ltd. (b) 

Australia 

PACCAR Financial Pty. Ltd. 

PACCAR Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

PACCAR Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

Kenworth Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (c) 

Mexico 

Kenworth Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. KenMex 

PACCAR Capital Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (c) 

Mexico 

PACCAR Capital Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

PACCAR Parts Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (c) 

Mexico 

PACCAR Parts Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

PacLease Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (c) 

Mexico 

PacLease Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. 

PacLease 

PACCAR Financial Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (d) 

Mexico 

PACCAR Financial Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

DAF Caminh es Brasil Ind stria Ltda. (e) 

Brasil 

DAF Brasil 

DAF Trucks N.V. (e) 

Netherlands 

DAF Trucks N.V. 

PACCAR Parts Europe 

DAF Trucks Vlaanderen N.V. (f) 

Belgium 

DAF Trucks Vlaanderen N.V. 

DAF Trucks Limited (U.K.) (f) 

United Kingdom 

DAF Trucks Limited (U.K.) 

DAF Trucks Deutschland GmbH (f) 

Germany 

DAF Trucks Deutschland GmbH 

PACCAR Parts Deutschland GmbH (o) 

Germany 

PACCAR Parts Deutschland GmbH 

DAF Trucks France, S.A.R.L. (f) 

France 

DAF Trucks France, S.A.R.L. 

DAF Trucks Norge AS (f) 

Norway 

DAF Trucks Norge AS 

DAF Vehiculos Industriales S.A.U. (f) 

Spain 

DAF Vehiculos Industriales S.A.U. 

DAF Veicoli Industriali S.P.A. (f) 

Italy 

DAF Veicoli Industriali S.P.A. 

DAF Trucks Polska SP.Z.O.O. (f) 

Poland 

DAF Trucks Polska SP.Z.O.O. 

PACCAR Trucks U.K. Ltd. (e) 

England and Wales 

PACCAR Trucks U.K. Ltd. 

PACCAR Parts U.K. Limited (g) 

England and Wales 

PACCAR Parts U.K. Limited 

Leyland Trucks Limited (h) 

England and Wales 

Leyland Trucks Limited 

PACCAR Engine Company 

Mississippi 

PACCAR Engine Company 

PACCAR Winch Inc 

Delaware 

PACCAR Winch 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 

Washington 

PACCAR Financial Corp. 

PACCAR Leasing Company 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT (a) 

Name 

State or 
 Country of 
 Incorporation 

Names Under Which Company 
 Or Subsidiaries Do Business 

PACCAR Financial Services Ltd. (i) 

Canada 

PACCAR Financial Services Ltd. 

PACCAR Leasing Company 

PACCAR Financial Ltd. (j) 

Canada 

PACCAR Financial Ltd. 

PACCAR Sales North America, Inc. 

Delaware 

PACCAR Sales North America, Inc. 

PACCAR Holding B.V. (k) 

Netherlands 

PACCAR Holding B.V. 

PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. (e) 

Netherlands 

PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. 

PACCAR Financial Holdings Europe B.V. (l) 

Netherlands 

PACCAR Financial Holdings Europe B.V. 

PACCAR Financial Belux BVBA (m) 

Belgium 

PACCAR Financial Belux BVBA 

PACCAR Financial Deutschland GmbH (m) 

Germany 

PACCAR Financial Deutschland GmbH 

PACCAR Leasing GmbH (m) 

Germany 

PACCAR Leasing Europe 

PACCAR Financial Espana S.L.U. (m) 

Spain 

PACCAR Financial Espana S.L.U. 

PACCAR Financial France S.A.S. (m) 

France 

PACCAR Financial France S.A.S. 

PACCAR Financial Italia S.r.l. (m) 

Italy 

PACCAR Financial Italia S.r.l. 

PACCAR Financial PLC (m) 

United Kingdom 

PACCAR Financial PLC 

PACCAR Financial Nederland B.V. (m) 

Netherlands 

PACCAR Financial Nederland B.V. 

PACCAR Financial Services Europe B.V. (m) 

Netherlands 

PACCAR Financial Services Europe B.V. 

PACCAR Participa es Ltda. (l) 

Brasil 

PACCAR Participa es Ltda. 

Banco PACCAR S.A. (n) 

Brasil 

Banco PACCAR S.A. 

PACCAR Holdings Panam , S.A. (k) 

Panama 

PACCAR Holdings Panam , S.A. 

PACCAR Colombia S.A.S. (k) 

Columbia 

PACCAR Colombia S.A.S. 

(a) 
 
 The names of some subsidiaries have been omitted. Considered in the aggregate, omitted subsidiaries would not constitute a significant subsidiary. Unless otherwise noted, each subsidiary listed below is a wholly owned direct subsidiary of PACCAR Inc. 

(b) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Australia Pty. Ltd. 

(c) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

(d) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of Truck Acceptance LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Capital Mexico, S.A. de C.V 

(e) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Holding B.V. 

(f) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of DAF Trucks N.V. 

(g) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Trucks U.K. Ltd. 

(h) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Parts U.K. Limited 

(i) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR of Canada Ltd. 

(j) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Financial Services Ltd. 

(k) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Sales North America, Inc. 

(l) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Financial Europe B.V. 

(m) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Financial Holdings Europe B.V. 

(n) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Participa es Ltda. 

(o) 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of DAF Trucks N.V., the Company was incorporated on December 27, 2022. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 pcar-ex23_9.htm
 EX-23

pcar-ex23_9.htm

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

A. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190467) pertaining to the PACCAR Inc Savings Investment Plan, 

B. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-139544) pertaining to the PACCAR Inc Savings Investment Plan, 

C. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-120238) pertaining to the PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, 

D. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-103706) pertaining to the Long Term Incentive Plan of PACCAR Inc, 

E. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-52230) pertaining to the PACCAR Inc Savings Investment Plan, 

F. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-36712) pertaining to the PACCAR Inc Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, 

G. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-39161) pertaining to the 1991 Long Term Incentive Plan of PACCAR Inc, and 

H. 
 
 the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-47763) pertaining to the 1991 Long Term Incentive Plan of PACCAR Inc; 

of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of PACCAR Inc and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of PACCAR Inc included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of PACCAR Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Seattle, Washington 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 pcar-ex24_7.htm
 EX-24

pcar-ex24_7.htm

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 We, the undersigned directors of PACCAR Inc (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, hereby severally constitute and appoint M. C. Pigott our true and lawful attorney-in-fact, to sign for us, in our names and in our capacity as directors, an Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022 and any amendments thereto, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of this 6 th day of December, 2022. 

/s/ A. J. Carnwath 

/s/ R. C. McGeary 

A. J. Carnwath 

R. C. McGeary 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

/s/ F. L. Feder 

/s/ J. M. Pigott 

F. L. Feder 

J. M. Pigott 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

/s/ R. P. Feight 

/s/ G. Ramaswamy 

R. P. Feight 

G. Ramaswamy 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

/s/ B. E. Ford 

/s/ M. A. Schulz 

B. E. Ford 

M. A. Schulz 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

/s/ K. S. Hachigian 

/s/ G. M. E. Spierkel 

K. S. Hachigian 

G. M. E. Spierkel 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

Director, PACCAR Inc 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.(A)>
 7
 pcar-ex31a_8.htm
 EX-31.(A)

pcar-ex31a_8.htm

Exhibit 31(a) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, R. Preston Feight, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PACCAR Inc; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

 Date February 22, 2023 

/s/ R. Preston Feight 

R. Preston Feight 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 8
 pcar-ex31b_11.htm
 EX-31.(B)

pcar-ex31b_11.htm

Exhibit 31(b) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Harrie C.A.M. Schippers, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PACCAR Inc; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

 Date February 22, 2023 

/s/ Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32>
 9
 pcar-ex32_10.htm
 EX-32

pcar-ex32_10.htm

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PACCAR Inc (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350), that to the best of our knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 22, 2023 

By 

/s/ R. Preston Feight 

R. Preston Feight 

Chief Executive Officer 

PACCAR Inc 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 

/s/ Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

Harrie C.A.M. Schippers 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

PACCAR Inc 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 pcar-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 pcar-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 pcar-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 pcar-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 pcar-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

