<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1856724_0001140361-23-014811.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5475630</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357925</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>944457</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1314262</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1491469</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1167232</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014811.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856724
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41111
		FILM NUMBER:		23780664

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BULLPEN CAPITAL
		STREET 2:		215 2ND ST
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-649-6923

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BULLPEN CAPITAL
		STREET 2:		215 2ND ST
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014811.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brhc10049810_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the period ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +1 ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
 (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
 chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
 under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by
 check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that
 required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed
 second fiscal quarter) was . As of March 30, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding, respectively.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022

Table of Contents

Page

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

1

PART I 

Item 1.

Business 

2

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

11

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

44

Item 2.

Properties 

44

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

44

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

44

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

44

Item 6.

[Reserved.] 

45

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

45

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

48

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

48

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

48

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

48

Item 9B.

Other Information 

49

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

49

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

49

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

52

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

52

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

54

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

55

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

55

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

55

EXHIBIT INDEX 

SIGNATURES 

Index to Financial Statements 

F-1

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
 regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
 including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination;

1 

Table of Contents 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

the liquidity and trading of our public securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future
 developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
 to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these
 risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business.

Overview

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company.

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands whose business purpose is to affect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
 with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination.

2 

Table of Contents 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering of the Company (the IPO ), the Company completed the private sale of 11,700,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price
 of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 11,700,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO except that, so long as they are
 held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by the Company (except in certain redemption scenarios when the price per Ordinary Share equals or exceeds 10.00 (as adjusted)); (2) they (including the Ordinary
 Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination; (3) they may be
 exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. Following the closing of the IPO and sale of Private Placement Warrants, an
 aggregate amount of 234,600,000 has been placed in the Company s trust account established in connection with the IPO.

Our Strategy

Our primary business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company within the online real money gaming, technology, sports, digital media, hospitality or leisure industries. We
 intend to specifically focus on companies with digital-first products and services that also intersect with offline and physical customer experiences.

We will seek to effectively employ our management team s industry skills and experience as well as their extensive network to add substantial value to a target business. We believe that the operating experience of our
 management team can guide a target business through attracting and retaining users, strategically spending capital on research, development and marketing, and unlocking the potential of a company s upside.

Business Combination Criteria

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and
 guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.

Competitive Advantage and Reputation : We intend to seek businesses that we believe have a highly differentiated and unique consumer experience that champions
 consumer loyalty and repeat customer demand. We believe these criteria will provide the most defensible business models, sustain a competitive advantage and market position, and drive attractive growth to create shareholder value.

Large Addressable Market Relative to Current Target Size : We intend to seek businesses in the online real money gaming, technology, sports, digital media,
 hospitality and leisure industries that we believe are on a promising growth path, driven by a sustainable competitive advantage, with opportunities for acceleration by a partnership with us. We expect to target businesses that have experienced
 significant organic growth, and that we believe are well-positioned to capture additional market share in the rapidly expanding online real money gaming, technology, sports, digital media, hospitality and leisure industries through both
 accelerated organic and external growth.

3 

Table of Contents 

Strong Management Team : We believe our management team s operating expertise and long-time experience as early-stage venture investors can help drive
 incremental value to even proven and accomplished management teams. We are eager to devote significant resources to analyzing and reaching alignment among a target s management and its stakeholders to seek improvements in operational and
 financial performance.

Reasonable Entry Valuation : We believe our management team s past experience in acquiring companies will help us evaluate potential targets within our search
 criteria at appropriate valuations relative to industry comparables and the ability to help enhance and create value for shareholders over the long term.

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive or required. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well
 as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team and directors may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and
 guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report, would be in the form of proxy
 materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
 management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us.

Our Acquisition Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
 reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek
 to complete our initial business combination or, subject to certain exceptions, subsequent material transactions with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
 directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Members of our management team and our directors directly or indirectly own founders shares and/or private placement warrants following the IPO and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors acquired founder shares for approximately 0.004 per share and we offered
 units at a price of 10.00 per unit in the IPO; as a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could make a substantial profit after the initial business combination even if public investors experience substantial losses and, accordingly, may
 have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. See Risk Factors Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.004 per share
 for the founder shares, certain of our officers, directors and advisors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value, which may result in a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
 combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or
 will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
 entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, or contractual obligations, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual
 obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not
 believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our founders, officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in
 the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
 for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

4 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates may sponsor or form, or, in the case of individuals, serve as a director or officer of, other blank check companies
 similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing
 an initial business combination. Our officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business
 activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
 combination. See Risk Factors Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including other
 blank check companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection
 of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operation, legal and other information that will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the
 business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of
 certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
 we can use to complete another business combination.

In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that
 have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
 By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.

Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business
 combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial business combination.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target
 business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if
 any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
 combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

5 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined
 company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional
 managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek
 shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue Class A ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our Class A ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering);

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
 indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements
 will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and other reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing
 so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial
 shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
 combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any
 of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However,
 they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or
 public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
 are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
 their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business
 combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
 Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

6 

Table of Contents 

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce
 the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
 that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions with respect to our securities
 may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it
 difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may
 pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy
 materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact potential selling or redeeming
 shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our
 initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which
 shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the
 Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases
 would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then
 outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
 will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in
 order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us,
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have
 entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after the IPO.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do
 not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or
 other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class
 A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
 the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

7 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Public Shares and Distribution and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial
 business combination within such 18-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then
 outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases
 subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
 18-month time period.

Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to
 complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO. However, if our initial shareholders or management team acquire public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
 account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period.

The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the
 IPO and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that
 would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
 combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity (including extending the deadline for completing our initial
 business combination), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above adjacent to the caption Limitations on redemptions. For example, our
 board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to
 Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking shareholder approval of such proposal and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon shareholder approval of such amendment. This redemption
 right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
 with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Competition

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other special purpose
 acquisition companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and
 our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the
 private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage
 in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a
 shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
 negotiating a business combination.

8 

Table of Contents 

Employees

We currently have four executive officers: Paul Martino, David VanEgmond, Eric Wiesen, and Duncan Davidson. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to
 devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
 our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 38 Keyes Ave, Ste 100, San Francisco, CA, and our telephone number is 415-649-6923. We have registered our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants under the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. Those reports are available on the SEC s EDGAR system at www.sec.gov. We
 will maintain a corporate website at https://bullpenparlayacquisitioncompany.gcs-web.com. The information that may be contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this Annual
 Report . You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such,
 we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
 the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
 the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a
 less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new
 or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of
 this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at
 least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to
 emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things,
 providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million
 as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as
 of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter.

Summary of Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section entitled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events
 or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include,
 but are not limited to, the following:

9 

Table of Contents 

We are a recently incorporated Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
 objective.

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our shareholders do not support such a combination.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
 regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for
 us to enter into a business combination with a target.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
 optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be
 unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
 combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
 business combination on terms that could produce value for our shareholders.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19)
 pandemic (or other similar events) and the status of debt and equity markets.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants,
 which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
 shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
 public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
 have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
 account and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for 18 months following the closing
 of the IPO, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members
 of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

10 

Table of Contents 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the
 United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our
 Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our warrants and private placement warrants are classified as a liability, and we will have to incur significant expense in valuing such liabilities on a quarterly and annual basis. Such
 liability will be reflected on our financial statements, and such classification may have an adverse effect on the market price for our Class A ordinary shares or make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business
 combination.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, including the financial information contained in this Annual Report. If
 any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
 The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SEARCH FOR, CONSUMMATION OF, OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION AND POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION RISKS

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
 objective.

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
 business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business
 combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
 shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction.
 Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
 offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we
 may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled Proposed Business Shareholders May Not Have
 the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information.

11 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business
 combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment
 decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
 in which we describe our initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how
 our public shareholders vote.

Our initial shareholders own 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the IPO. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary
 shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved
 only if we receive the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a
 result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,000, or 37.5 of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have such initial business combination approved.
 Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive
 the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to
 enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public
 shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
 business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
 capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our
 expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum
 amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we
 initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or
 the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial
 business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will
 continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

12 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and
 that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our
 initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are
 in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

Because our trust account is expected to contain approximately 10.20 per Class A ordinary share at the time of our initial business combination, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to
 redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business combination.

Our trust account initially contains 10.20 per Class A ordinary share. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies for which the trust account only contains 10.00 per Class A ordinary
 share. As a result of the additional funds receivable by public shareholders upon redemption of public shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares.

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the 18 months after the closing of the IPO may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
 combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business
 combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO.
 Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our
 initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
 on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
 (or other similar events) and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets.

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains,
 lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels, all of which may become heightened concerns upon additional waves of infection or future developments. In
 addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. The COVID-19 pandemic or a significant outbreak of other
 infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential partner business with which we consummate a business combination could be
 materially and adversely affected.

The COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the
 business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19
 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent
 to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions
 to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of
 time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or
 a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

13 

Table of Contents 

Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border
 transactions.

The current conflict between Ukraine and Russia has caused unstable market and economic conditions and is expected to have additional global consequences.

The credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions due to the current conflict between Ukraine and Russia. The conflict may have further global economic consequences, including
 the possibility of severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, uncertainty as to global energy sources, declines in economic growth, increases in inflation rates and uncertainty about economic and
 political stability. In addition, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia which increases the risk that Russia, as a retaliatory action, may launch cyberattacks a g ainst the
 United States, its government, infrastructure and businesses. Any of the foregoing consequences, including those we cannot yet predict, may cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our common stock to be
 adversely affected. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the IPO, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we
 would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be
 negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the U.S. and global economies and, while the extent of the
 impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
 being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses
 we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net
 of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if
 any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands
 law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the
 consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to applicable
 Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties
 bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares
 or public warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial
 shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
 combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to
 our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors
 and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their
 respective affiliates, are under no obligation to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the
 trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions.

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
 exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business
 combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for
 approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
 combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. See Proposed
 Business Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to
 purchase securities from in any private transaction.

14 

Table of Contents 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to
 maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering
 quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to
 obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any
 failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial
 business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
 insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
 such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails
 to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will
 furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails
 to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public
 shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A
 ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (a) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
 we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity (including extending the
 deadline for completing our initial business combination) and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law and as further
 described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants.
 Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

15 

Table of Contents 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
 business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholder s equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
 (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing
 requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, the value of our listed securities would generally be required to be
 at least 50 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
 market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result
 in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because
 our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered
 securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
 case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies
 unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered
 securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to
 be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report
 on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or
 protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO
 were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial
 business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in
 excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our
 shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
 combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our
 initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

16 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not
 complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
 will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other special purpose
 acquisition companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.

Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of
 these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of
 certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.

Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer.
 Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination.

If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
 less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the
 closing of the IPO, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and
 to complete our initial business combination.

Of the net proceeds of the IPO, only an estimated 1,850,000 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon closing of the
 IPO, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 18 months following the closing of the IPO; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to
 us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in
 letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although
 we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach
 or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

In the event that our expenses related to the IPO exceed our estimate of 650,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend
 to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that our expenses related to the IPO are less than our estimate of 650,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust
 account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor,
 management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. Any such advances may
 be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination.

17 

Table of Contents 

Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
 to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
 to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds
 available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our
 warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and
 other risk factors herein.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges or file for bankruptcy protection,
 which could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be
 possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
 write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges or file for bankruptcy protection, which could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks,
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
 we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
 assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business
 combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting
 firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
 shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of
 fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
 If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to the company, and will only enter into an
 agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriter of the IPO will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims
 to the monies held in the trust account.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be
 significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason.

18 

Table of Contents 

Upon redemption of our public shares, if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business
 combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public
 shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the
 prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written
 letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
 the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations,
 provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it
 apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
 our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
 sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any
 such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our
 initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
 limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
 the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
 obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
 expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
 their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our
 board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy and/or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or
 insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public
 shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be
 reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our
 shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

19 

Table of Contents 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
 combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of,
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and
 complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private
 operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if
 adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to appoint directors until after the
 consummation of our initial business combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement
 under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. Our
 board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition,
 as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business
 combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary
 shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
 that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not meet
 some or all of these criteria and guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a
 business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
 their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is
 required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if
 the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or
 less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
 for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting
 firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair
 market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

20 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following
 our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained.
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will
 remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
 with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact
 the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
 certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not
 wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be
 conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in
 determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business
 combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they
 would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may
 influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial
 business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the
 completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will
 be made at the time of our initial business combination.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not
 have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources
 or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders
 who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact
 the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s
 management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

21 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our sponsor after the consummation of the IPO and such interests may potentially conflict
 with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders.

Certain of our officers and directors may own membership interests in our sponsor and indirect interests in our Class B ordinary shares and private placement warrants which may result in interests that differ from the
 economic interests of the investors in the IPO, which includes making a determination of whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. There may be a potential conflict
 of interest between our officers and directors that hold membership interests in our sponsor and our public shareholders that may not be resolved in favor of our public shareholders.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
 conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
 for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
 which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other
 entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs
 which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us,
 including other blank check companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Following the completion of the IPO and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and
 directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other
 blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any
 other blank check company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
 to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he
 has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, or contractual obligations, he will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
 combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or
 indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a
 corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the sections of this Annual Report Certain Relationships
 and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 

22 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors which may
 raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. Our
 directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or
 investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. Any such
 companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Such entities may
 compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are
 affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an
 independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed
 of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do
 so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and
 ours. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor have invested in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an
 attractive target for such other affiliates.

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may
 acquire during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

Our initial shareholders currently own 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate
 of 11,700,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 11,700,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed
 simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our
 executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business
 combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the IPO nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business
 which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

The net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 229,050,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 8,050,000 of
 deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and assuming we use all of the net proceeds of the IPO held outside the trust account prior to completing such business combination).

23 

Table of Contents 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may engage our underwriter or one of its respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO, which may include acting as M A advisor in connection with an initial business
 combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial
 business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the IPO, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an
 initial business combination.

We may engage our underwriter or one of its respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing M A advisory services, acting as
 a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The
 underwriter s or its respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential
 conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
 costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
 profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we
 could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at
 all.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing
 our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies,
 and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
 attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination.

24 

Table of Contents 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
 or business models may increase, which could cause target businesses to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or
 increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for
 and/or complete our initial business combination.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new
 management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we
 will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not
 to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the
 target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a
 result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In
 addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our
 management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
 majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
 would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our
 public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
 required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
 to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

25 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the
 release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments
 to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private
 placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning
 holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by
 holders of not less than 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors prior
 to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary
 shares upon the closing of the IPO, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may
 be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our
 ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would
 affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
 combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
 their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes paid or payable), divided by the number
 of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any
 breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike some blank check companies, if:

(i)

we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less
 than 9.20 per ordinary share;

(ii)

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on
 the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions); and

(iii)

the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described in the prospectus under
 Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market
 Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described in the prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
 ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
 to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This feature may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
 target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in
 periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
 accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending
 on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may
 limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business
 combination within the prescribed time frame.

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by
 publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
 shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
 corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department
 of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in
 connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or
 otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the
 nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the
 content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined.
 The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and inhibit the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination.

26 

Table of Contents 

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES

If we pursue a target business with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating,
 agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
 including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and
 changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
 following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

challenges in managing and staffing international operations;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances and wars;

regime changes and political upheaval; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our
 operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

27 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
 redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

The net proceeds of the IPO and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 234,600,000, are held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account are
 invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
 obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero
 in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest
 income (which we may use to pay our taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our
 public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less up to, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business
 combination, 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 234,600,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our
 public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make
 it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
 requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
 reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
 items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to
 resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government
 securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest
 only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a
 business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
 the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares
 properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in
 connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to
 shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination); or (iii) absent an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO,
 our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we
 were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If
 we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

28 

Table of Contents 

If we do not consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 18 months before redemption from our
 trust account.

If we do not consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses and net of taxes paid or payable), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function
 of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of
 any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 18 months from the closing of the IPO before the
 redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our
 redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to
 redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the
 foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
 was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
 breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We
 cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
 unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of approximately 18,000 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

29 

Table of Contents 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place
 when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have
 agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the
 issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness
 of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which
 represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order.
 If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the
 number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will
 be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
 laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
 that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under
 applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will
 hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the
 event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified
 or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a
 purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to
 exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the IPO. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors
 and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If
 and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may
 redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the
 surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be
 required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination.

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future
 exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to an agreement entered on or prior to the closing of the IPO, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder
 shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants
 and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable
 with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and
 availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial
 business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on
 the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale.

30 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
 combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
 solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible
 merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks
 inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
 and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or
 assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks
 will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination
 target. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are
 unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s areas of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk
 factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the
 event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding
 the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
 Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely
 to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
 combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per
 share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 177,000,000 and 14,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not
 take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares
 concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof, as described herein. There are no preference shares outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
 combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a
 ratio greater than one-to-one concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class
 with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months from
 the closing of the IPO. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The
 issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

31 

Table of Contents 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class
 A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if
 any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial
 business combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof,
 on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. However, if
 additional Class A ordinary shares or any other equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares
 issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary
 shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
 excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to
 our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Class B ordinary shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition
 companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination.

Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.004 per share for the founder shares, certain of our officers, directors and advisors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a
 target business that subsequently declines in value, which may result in a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

In April 2021, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.004 per share.
 Certain of our officers and directors have invested in our sponsor by subscribing for units issued by the sponsor and therefore have a significant economic interest in our sponsor. These officers and directors will not receive any cash
 compensation from us prior to a business combination but through their investment in the sponsor will be eligible to share in a portion of any appreciation in the founder shares and private placement units, provided that we successfully complete
 a business combination. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers, directors and advisors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we complete a business combination
 with a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors.

32 

Table of Contents 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do
 not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may only receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our
 warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management
 time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
 recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss
 to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
 public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor.

An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor. For instance, because there are no
 authorities that directly address the U.S. federal income tax implications of instruments similar to the units we issued in the IPO, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares
 and the one-half of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise
 of warrants is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our Class A ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss
 realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends eligible for favorable U.S. federal income tax
 treatment. Prospective investors are urged to consult with and rely on their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal
 income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on, among other things, whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception, the timing of our
 business combination, the amount of our passive income and assets in the year of the business combination, and the amount of passive income and assets of the acquired business. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent
 taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and in the case of our start-up year, possibly not until after the close of the second taxable year following our start-up year). Accordingly, we cannot assure you
 that we will not be a PFIC in our current taxable year or in any future taxable year.

If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request by a U.S. holder, we will endeavor to provide to such U.S. holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information
 statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund QEF election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with
 respect to our warrants in all cases. U.S. investors should to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF election are very complex and are affected by
 various factors in addition to those described in this Annual Report. Accordingly, U.S. investors are strongly urged to consult with and rely solely upon their own tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to them in their
 particular circumstances.

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly
 traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and
 a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
 continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be
 subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

33 

Table of Contents 

Transactions in connection with or in anticipation of our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant-holders. As a result of our
 business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain.

Although we will attempt to structure transactions in connection with our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and
 may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in anticipation of or as a result of our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval, we may enter into one
 or more transactions that require shareholders and/or warrant-holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes or otherwise increase their tax burden. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant-holders to pay
 taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant-holder may be required to satisfy any liability resulting from any such transactions with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a
 portion of such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). As
 a result, shareholders and warrant-holders may be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
 States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a
 result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts
 predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus
 negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the IPO, we may choose to incur substantial debt to
 complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the
 trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
 financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation or prevailing interest rates; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our
 efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

34 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business
 with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly
 ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not
 achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target
 business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
 including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete an initial
 business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements.
 For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
 amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as
 a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement in a manner that would adversely impact the
 registered holders of public warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with
 respect to the private placement warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our
 public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other
 provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally
 change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders, officers and directors and registration rights agreement may be amended, and provisions therein may be waived, without shareholder approval.

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account,
 waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement and the registration rights agreement may be amended, and provisions therein may be waived, without shareholder approval
 (although releasing the parties from the restriction contained in the letter agreement not to transfer any units, warrants, Class A ordinary shares or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A ordinary
 shares for 180 days following the date of the prospectus will require the prior written consent of the underwriter). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement
 prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements. Any such amendments
 or waivers would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

35 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
 a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on
 the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot ascertain the capital
 requirements for any particular transaction because we have not yet selected any prospective target business. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of
 our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our
 initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We
 cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
 unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not
 consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
 warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure
 additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our
 initial business combination.

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Upon closing of the IPO, our initial shareholders own 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you
 do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in the IPO or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in
 the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities,
 other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
 whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general
 meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual
 general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable
 influence regarding the outcome following our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in
 connection with the completion of our initial business combination and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. As a result, holders of Class A ordinary shares will not
 have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of
 our sponsor. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert substantial control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.

36 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a
 result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC AST ), as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
 warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the
 warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any
 provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of
 the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may
 amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement
 warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with
 the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the
 exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of
 actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be
 brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for
 any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
 courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in
 our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
 Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in
 connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
 counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a
 court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
 jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Furthermore, shareholders cannot
 waive compliance with the federal securities laws and rules and regulations thereunder.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A
 ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public
 Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when
 the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set
 forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for
 you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we
 expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants are redeemable by us (except as described in the prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders 
 Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

37 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior
 written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as
 described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such
 redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market
 value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher
 and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of
 the warrants.

None of the private placement warrants are be redeemable by us as (except as set forth in the prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the
 price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

None of the private placement warrants are be redeemable by us on such terms so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in the IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of
 11,700,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans
 into up to an additional 1,500,000 warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders 
 Warrants To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could
 make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A

Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants have been issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a
 holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other securities
 similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a
 business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
 merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

38 

Table of Contents 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to
 emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
 public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
 executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
 if we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on
 these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for
 our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a
 Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
 can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
 period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
 new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period
 difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things,
 providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the
 end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
 second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Past performance of our founders and the other members of our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been
 associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to shareholders.

Information regarding our founders and the other members of our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented
 for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of our founders and the other members of our management team and the businesses with which they have been associated, including related to acquisitions and shareholder returns,
 is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial
 business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our founders or the other members of our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with
 which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us, including whether we can provide an attractive return to our shareholders, or as indicative of every prior investment by each of our founders and the
 other members of our management team. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities.

39 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and
 directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of
 interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of,
 any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired
 or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we
 do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between
 their interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors 
 and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our
 shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
 rights. See the section titled Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholders Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we
 may make against them for such reason.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the
 time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are
 deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
 control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which
 we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve
 compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be
 limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
 officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman
 Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
 Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
 law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from
 what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware,
 may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States.

40 

Table of Contents 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated
 upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of
 the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
 obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent
 foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and
 conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind
 the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings
 if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than
 they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company.

Our warrants and private placement warrants are classified as a liability, and we will have to incur significant expense in valuing such liabilities on a quarterly and annual basis. Such liability
 will be reflected on our financial statements, and such classification may have an adverse effect on the market price for our Class A ordinary shares or make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination.

We have accounted for the Private Placement Warrants issued in our IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (ASC 815-40). Such guidance provides that
 because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at
 each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our statement of operations and therefore our reported earnings. The warrants are also
 subject to re- evaluation of the proper classification and accounting treatment at each reporting period based on evolving regulatory guidance

The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are
 accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A
 ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 include a staggered board of directors, advance notice procedures, inability of shareholders to call a general meeting, removal of directors only for cause (other than by holders of our Class B ordinary shares prior to our initial business
 combination) and only by the board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only
 holders of our Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
 market prices for our securities.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or
 security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an
 early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

41 

Table of Contents 

We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and intend to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate
 governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the
 requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq rules; and

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

You do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements because we do not currently intend to have a compensation committee and
 we may determine in the future to utilize other of these exemptions.

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
 lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will
 remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could
 be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country.
 Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among
 various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain
 industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial
 business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by
 reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
 against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in
 value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may
 not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may
 govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or
 obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

42 

Table of Contents 

Businesses in the gaming industry may be subject to unique risks associated with this industry including extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may
 adversely affect the business and results of operations of our initial business combination target.

Business combinations with targets in the gaming sectors entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly
 adversely affected by, the following risks:

the gaming-related governmental or regulatory approvals necessary to complete our initial business combination;

the gaming regulations and gaming tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we will operate following our initial business combination;

the level of customer unemployment;

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources;

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations, changing gaming regulation and growth;

an inability to attract and retain customers;

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer satisfaction and loyalty;

limitations on a target business ability to protect its intellectual property rights, including its trade secrets, that could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage; and

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend.

Ownership and operation of gaming businesses is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which a target business may operate. In certain jurisdictions, forms of wagering, betting and
 lottery may be expressly authorized and governed by law and in other jurisdictions forms of wagering, betting and lottery may be expressly prohibited by law. If expressly authorized, such activities are typically subject to extensive and evolving
 governmental regulation. These laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons
 financially interested or involved in gaming operations. As such, gaming regulators can require a target business to disassociate itself from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in
 that jurisdiction. In addition, unsuitable activity by a target business or its domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on its ability to continue operating in other
 jurisdictions. The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of a target business.

Most jurisdictions require that gaming companies be licensed and/or authorized, or that key personnel and certain of our security holders are found to be suitable or are licensed, and that products are reviewed, tested
 and certified or approved before placement. For example, under the Nevada Gaming Control Act, any person that acquires 10 of a publicly traded corporation that holds a gaming license must file an application with the Nevada Gaming Commission for
 a finding of suitability. If a license, approval, certification or finding of suitability is required by a regulatory or national authority and we fail to seek or do not receive the necessary approval, license, certification or finding of
 suitability, then we may be prohibited from operating in the respective jurisdiction. Furthermore, the licensing, certificate or suitability process may place certain restrictions on our business which may limit the types of business activities
 in which we may engage. Additionally, such prohibition could trigger reviews by regulatory bodies in other jurisdictions.

If we seek to acquire a gaming company, we or our acquired business may be required to obtain and maintain licenses from various state and local jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of the business and may
 be subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards. We may also become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where our customers are located or operate in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be
 able to obtain licenses or renew licenses, and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business. Generally, regulatory authorities have broad discretion when granting, renewing or revoking
 approvals and licenses. The failure to obtain or retain a required license or approval in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic area where we may operate and generate revenues, decrease our share in the gaming marketplace and put us at a
 disadvantage compared with our competitors.

In addition, given the extensive regulations concerning the gaming industry, an initial business combination in this industry may require significant governmental or regulatory approvals that could delay the completion
 of our initial business combination. In such case, we may be unable to complete an initial business combination in the expected timeframe and may require one or more extensions to complete such business combination.

43 

Table of Contents 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective initial business combination targets will not be limited to the
 gaming sector. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be
 different than those risks listed above.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 38 Keyes Ave, Ste 100, San Francisco, CA 94129. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 2,083 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office
 space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols BPACU, BPAC and BPACW, respectively. Holders of the 23,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect
 to separately trade the Company s Class A ordinary shares and the Company s warrants included in the Units.

Holders

As of March 1, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of record of our Warrants. Because many of our securities are held
 by brokers and other institutions in street name on behalf of holders for whose benefit such securities are held, without obtaining a current list of nonobjecting beneficial owners, we are unable to estimate the total current number of beneficial
 owners represented by these record holders.

Unregistered Sales of Securities

In April 2021, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.004 per share. Prior to the initial
 investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash the sponsor paid for the founder shares by the number
 of founder shares issued.

In April and in May of 2021, our sponsor transferred (i) 28,750 founder shares to each of three of our board directors, Brett Calapp, Les Ottolenghi and an affiliate of Melissa Blau, and (ii) 69,000 founder shares to
 one of our advisors, Bertrand Navarrete. Additionally, our sponsor transferred 11,500 founder shares to each of Manu Gambhir, Tom Griffiths, and Jacob Kleiner, who are advisors.

On April 8, 2021, BPAC Partners LLC (the Sponsor acquired 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000
 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of Founder Shares issued.

On December 7, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 23,000,000 units (the Units ), which included 3,000,000 units issued in connection with the underwriter s exercise of its option to purchase additional Units to
 cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (an Ordinary Share ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to
 purchase one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230,000,000.

44 

Table of Contents 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 11,700,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, to
 the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 11,700,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
 transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by the Company (except in certain redemption scenarios when the price per Ordinary Share equals or exceeds 10.00 (as adjusted)); (2) they (including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
 these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a
 cashless basis; and (4) they (including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights.

Following the closing of the IPO and sale of Private Placement Warrants, an aggregate amount of 234,600,000 has been placed in the Company s trust account established in connection with the IPO.

Item 6. 

[Reserved.]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

References in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
 references to the Sponsor refer to BPAC Partners LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto
 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.

Overview

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Islands on April 1, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar
 Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and forward purchase securities, our
 capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.

Our sponsor is BPAC Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Our registration statement for the initial public offering became effective on December 7, 2021. We consummated the initial public offering of
 23,000,000 units on December 7, 2021. Each unit consisted of one Class A ordinary shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ), including the issuance of 3,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s exercise of their
 over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ),
 with each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230,000,000 and
 incurred 12,650,000 in underwriting fees (inclusive of 8,050,000 in deferred underwriting fees).

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering on December 7, 2021, we completed the closing of the private placement of an aggregate 11,700,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private
 placement warrant to the sponsor, generating proceeds of 11,700,000.

Upon the closing of the initial public offering, the over-allotment and the private placements, 234,600,000 10.20 per unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering, the
 over-allotment and the private placements were placed in the trust account with U.S. Bank National Association acting as trustee and invested in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
 investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust
 account as described below.

Our management and our board of directors have broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the over-allotment and the sale of private placement warrants,
 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination.

If we have not completed our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering, or June 7, 2023 (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
 requirements of other applicable law.

45 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial
 Public Offering, described below, the Company s search for a target business with which to complete a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed Transactions. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
 after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
 accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 15,306,093, which consists of formation and operating costs of 1,390,712, gain on
 change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 15,080,000, income tax expense of 223,754 and share-based compensation expenses of 690,592.

For the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 846,224, which consists of formation and operating costs of 382,412, transaction costs allocated to derivative
 warrant liabilities of 473,807, change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 464,000 and share-based compensation expenses of 454,005.

Contractual Obligations

Registration Rights

The holders of founder shares, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The
 holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses
 incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the final prospectus relating to the initial public offering to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the initial public offering
 price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December 7, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 560,174. Of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and associated Private Placement, 234,600,000 of cash was placed in the Trust
 Account. Cash of 2,504,134 was held outside of the Trust Account and was available for the Company s working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of 579,169 held outside of the Trust Account.

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to,
 provide the Company Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans.

46 

Table of Contents 

If the Company s estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may
 have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an Initial Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an Initial Business Combination or because it becomes obligated
 to redeem a significant number of its public shares upon completion of an Initial Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination.

As a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
 about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through June 7, 2023, the mandatory liquidation
 date. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
 going concern.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption
 (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or
 subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares is classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares
 features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity,
 outside of the shareholders equity section of the balance sheet.

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Shares

Net income (loss) per ordinary shares is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not
 considered the effect of the warrants sold in our initial public offering and Private Placement to purchase shares of Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted earnings per ordinary shares, since their inclusion is contingent on a
 future event. For the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per ordinary shares is the same as basic earnings per
 ordinary shares for the periods presented.

The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). Earnings are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares as long as an
 Initial Business Combination is consummated. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Derivative Warrant Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such
 instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as
 equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

We issued 11,500,000 warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to investors in our Initial Public Offering and issued 11,700,000 Private Placement Warrants. All of our outstanding Warrants are recognized as
 derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
 at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement were initially measured
 at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model.

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of the IPO. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the
 component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
 warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple of two units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants.

Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The Company s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement.

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):
 Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, to reduce the complexity of accounting for convertible debt and other equity-linked instruments. For certain convertible debt instruments with a cash conversion
 feature, the changes are a trade-off between simplifications in the accounting model (no separation of an equity component to impute a market interest rate, and simpler analysis of embedded equity features) and a potentially adverse impact to
 diluted EPS by requiring the use of the if-converted method. The new standard will also impact other financial instruments commonly issued by both public and private companies. For example, the separation model for beneficial conversion features
 is eliminated simplifying the analysis for issuers of convertible debt and convertible preference shares. Also, certain specific requirements to achieve equity classification and/ or qualify for the derivative scope exception for contracts
 indexed to an entity s own equity are removed, enabling more freestanding instruments and embedded features to avoid mark-to-market accounting. The new standard is effective for companies that are SEC filers (except for Smaller Reporting
 Companies) for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within that year, and two years later for other companies. Companies can early adopt the standard at the start of a fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2020.
 The standard can either be adopted on a modified retrospective or a full retrospective basis. The Company has adopted and the effects, if any, are immaterial to the Company s financial statements.

47 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds
 with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
 ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (who serves as our principal executive officer), to
 allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
 December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to a material weakness in
 the Company s controls over reconciliations during the financial statement close and disclosure review process.

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting
 process. Specifically, the Company has established a process by which all contracts and vendors are reviewed on a regular basis to determine if any expense was incurred and properly recorded. The Company has also establish a formal review
 process for its financial statements during which the preparers of financial statements present the financial statements to a group of reviewers within the management team with the results of such review being documented. We plan to further
 improve this process by implementing additional layers of reviews in the financial close process.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
 reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must
 be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control
 deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
 achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and
 other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting prin c iples and includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of our management and directors, and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements

In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to a
 material weakness in the Company s controls over reconciliations during the financial statement close and disclosure review process .

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting
 process. Specifically, the Company has established a process by which all contracts and vendors are reviewed on a regular basis to determine if any expense was incurred and properly recorded. The Company has also establish a formal review
 process for its financial statements during which the preparers of financial statements present the financial statements to a group of reviewers within the management team with the results of such review being documented. We plan to further
 improve this process by implementing additional layers of reviews in the financial close process.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors and Executive Officers

Our current directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Paul Martino

48

Executive Chairman

David VanEgmond

34

Chief Executive Officer

Eric Wiesen

47

President

Duncan Davidson

70

Executive Vice President

Melissa Blau

54

Director

Brett Calapp

47

Director

Les Ottolenghi

61

Director

49 

Table of Contents 

Paul Martino , our Executive Chairman, has been with Bullpen Capital since 2010. Mr. Martino served on the board of directors of FanDuel from 2012 through 2017.
 He is the (co-)founder of multiple companies, including: Ahpah Software, a computer security firm acquired by InterTrust (Nasdaq: ITRU, now owned by Sony); Tribe, a social network founded in 2003; and Aggregate Knowledge, a big data advertising
 attribution company acquired in 2014 by Neustar. Additionally, he has founded entertainment and media companies Bankroll Club LLC and 818 Media Productions LLC. Mr. Martino is a graduate of Lehigh University and holds a master s degree in
 Computer Science from Princeton University. We believe Mr. Martino s substantial executive experience within the gaming, entertainment and social media industries makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.

David VanEgmond , our Chief Executive Officer, has been with Bettor Capital, an investment and consulting platform focused on the U.S. sports betting and online
 real money gaming space, where he has been serving as Chief Executive Officer since its inception in June of 2020. Bettor Capital clients include organizations in the NFL, NBA, MLB, MLS, and WNBA who receive advisory services ranging from
 sourcing partners, negotiating sponsorship deals, structuring marketing or market access partnerships and more. Mr. VanEgmond has hands-on experience as an executive at both an operator and supplier in the sports gaming ecosystem. Prior to that,
 Mr. VanEgmond has been in the online real money gaming, technology, sports and digital media ecosystem for over a decade. He previously served in executive management positions in businesses at the convergence of sports betting and digital gaming
 in the United States, including time at FanDuel Inc. from 2015 to 2019 and Barstool Sports Inc. from 2019 until June 2020. Mr. VanEgmond received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Notre Dame. We believe Mr.
 VanEgmond s demonstrated negotiating and executive experience within the digital gaming industry and broad professional network make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Eric Wiesen , our President, has been with Bullpen Capital since November 2015. He has spent his career in technology and has been an entrepreneur, investor,
 advisor, and attorney. He began his career as a co-founder of Xert Computing while still an undergraduate at UC Berkeley. Xert was a provider of hardware and services to the 3D Graphics and Animation communities. In 2008, he joined RRE Ventures
 as a general partner. Mr. Wiesen was involved with RRE s early investment at OnDeck and sourced the investment into BarkBox (recently went public via SPAC merger). Mr. Wiesen manages Bullpen s investment in Carbon Health and sits on the boards of
 AvantStay, Bentobox, and Starcity. Mr. Wiesen holds a bachelor s degree from UC Berkeley, a Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan Law School and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School.

Duncan Davidson , our Executive Vice President, has been with Bullpen Capital since December 2010. He is a serial entrepreneur who most notably founded Covad
 Communications, a leading independent DSL provider that went public and reached a market value of 9 billion, and SkyPilot Networks, a developer of outdoor wireless mesh systems, acquired by Trillium in 2009 for connectivity to smart meters. He
 served as the SVP of Business Development at InterTrust and led its IPO in 1999 and the secondary in 2000 (InterTrust reached a 9 billion market value in 2000). Mr. Davidson spent four years as a managing director at VantagePoint Venture
 Partners where he focused on digital media and telecom investments including: Widevine, a digital rights management provider acquired by Google, ProtoStar, a direct-to-home satellite company, and Livescribe, a smartpen company. He served on
 public boards, including Genuity, Inc., a spinout of GTE Internetworking from Verizon and the last large initial public offering of the dot-com era, and DSL.net, a broadband provider. Prior to forming Bullpen, Mr. Davidson co-founded one of the
 first mobile social app companies, Xumii, which was later sold to Myriad Group and as of 2015 was powering over 200 million users in the developing world. Mr. Davidson received a Bachelor of Science in Physics and Math from Brown University and a
 Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan Law School.

Melissa Blau , a Director, has been a director at iGaming Capital LTD since 2006. Ms. Blau has been in the iGaming sector for over 17 years both as an advisor
 and operator. She is the Founder and Director (since 2006) of iGaming Capital, a leading iGaming consulting business assisting U.S. and European gaming companies develop their U.S. digital strategies as well as advisor to/investor in numerous
 companies in the sector. She is currently working with several casino and sports betting operators providing operational advisory into online sports betting operations or nationwide expansion. She has a Bachelor s Degree from the University of
 Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe Ms. Blau s significant professional consulting background in the gaming and sports betting sector make her well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.

50 

Table of Contents 

Brett Calapp , a Director, founded Shadowfox Technology Inc. in 2018. He has spent 17 years in the online real money and social gaming space as an entrepreneur,
 executive and advisor specializing in building iGaming companies within regulatory frameworks. Mr. Calapp also served as chief social gaming officer of Pala Interactive LLC from 2015 to 2019. Mr. Calapp is a former board member of the College
 Poker Tour. He is a 12-year advisor to All In Magazine, focused on poker, fantasy sports and eSports. Mr. Calapp received a Bachelor of Arts in Business Communication and Marketing from Arizona State University and a Master of Business
 Administration in Finance from Graziadio Business School at Pepperdine University. We believe Mr. Calapp s digital gaming industry knowledge and experience as an entrepreneur make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Les Ottolenghi , a Director, is a former Executive Vice President Chief Information Officer for Caesars Entertainment from 2016 to 2019. He led both the
 digital transformation and new digital product creation at both Caesars and Las Vegas Sands Corp. including iGaming, social gaming and e-sports initiatives. He currently is self-employed, working in cybersecurity consulting, and serves on the
 advisory board of several tech start-ups in the gaming industry. Mr. Ottolenghi received a Bachelor of Arts Sciences in History from Duke University and a Master of Business Administration in Decision Information Analysis and Information
 Technology Strategy from Goizueta Business School at Emory University. We believe that Mr. Ottolenghi s extensive industry experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting)
 serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of
 the first class of directors, consisting of Brett Calapp, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Les Ottolenghi and Melissa Blau, will expire at our second annual
 general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Paul Martino and David VanEgmond, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of
 an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors will be authorized to appoint persons to the
 offices as set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairmen of the
 board, chief executive officers, a president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
 or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We expect that our
 board of directors will determine that Brett Calapp, Melissa Blau and Les Ottolenghi are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
 at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors have one standing committee, an audit committee. Because we are a controlled company under applicable Nasdaq rules, we are not required to have a compensation committee composed of independent
 directors. See Risk Factors We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and intend to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and
 Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The audit committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the
 composition and responsibilities described below.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Melissa Blau, Brett Calapp and Les Ottolenghi serve as the initial members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC
 rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below. Melissa Blau, Brett Calapp and Les Ottolenghi are independent.

51 

Table of Contents 

Melissa Blau serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Melissa Blau, Brett Calapp and Les Ottolenghi each
 qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The primary purposes of our audit committee are to assist the board s oversight of:.

the integrity of our financial statements;

our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

the qualifications, engagement, compensation, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm;

our process relating to risk management and the conduct and systems of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; and

the performance of our internal audit function.

Director Nominations

We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq
 rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
 selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.

We have not formally established any specific minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of
 directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us and has
 been posted on our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

None of our officers or directors have received any compensation from us for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all
 payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined
 company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is
 unlikely that the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our
 officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of independent directors.

We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
 arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be
 a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares as of March 30, 2023, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares;

each of our officers and directors; and

all of our officers and directors as a group.

52 

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not
 reflect record of beneficial ownership of the Warrants included in the Units offered in the IPO or the Private Units or Private Placement Warrants as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof.

Name and address of beneficial owner(1)

Number

 of shares

 beneficially

 owned

Approximate

 percentage of

 issued and

 outstanding

 ordinary shares

BPAC Partners LLC (our Sponsor)(1)

5,560,250

(2)(3) 

22.2

David VanEgmond

5,560,250

(2)(3) 

22.2

Paul Martino

5,560,250

(2)(3) 

22.2

Eric Wiesen

Duncan Davidson

Melissa Blau

28,750

Brett Calapp

28,750

Les Ottolenghi

28,750

All officers and directors as a group (7 persons)

5,646,500

(2)(3) 

22.6

Less than one percent.

(1)

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 38 Keyes Ave, Ste 100, San Francisco, CA 94129.

(2)

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one- for-one basis, subject
 to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof.

(3)

Represents 5,560,250 shares directly held by BPAC Partners LLC. Mr. Martino and Mr. VanEgmond are the two managers of sponsor, and as such share voting and dispositive power over the shares
 held by sponsor and therefore may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the shares. Each of Mr. Martino and Mr. VanEdgmond disclaims beneficial ownership in excess of his pecuniary interest in such shares.

Immediately after the IPO, our initial shareholders beneficially owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our
 directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to elect any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our Sponsor may
 be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions,
 including our initial business combination.

Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 11,700,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant
 11,700,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, the private placement warrants
 will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted
 transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than initial purchasers or their permitted
 transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the IPO. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions
 that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO.

Our sponsor and our officers, directors, and advisors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

53 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plans

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized for issuance.

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants

The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement
 entered into by our initial shareholders, directors and officers. Pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earlier to
 occur of: (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (b) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that
 results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
 share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination and (ii)
 any of their private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to
 our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor or their affiliates, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the
 individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of that is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization, (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and
 distribution upon death of the individual, (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in
 connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the applicable securities were originally purchased, (f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or the limited liability company
 agreement of our sponsor upon dissolution of the sponsor, (g) in the event of the company s liquidation prior to the completion of a business combination, (h) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our
 initial business combination, or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for
 cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be
 bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement
 warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO. The holders of these
 securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
 to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

In April 2021, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.004 per share. Prior
 to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash the sponsor paid for the founder shares
 by the number of founder shares issued. In April and in May of 2021, our sponsor transferred (i) 28,750 founder shares to each of three of our board directors, Brett Calapp, Les Ottolenghi and an affiliate of Melissa Blau, and (ii) 69,000 founder
 shares to one of our advisors, Bertrand Navarrete. Additionally, our sponsor transferred 11,500 founder shares to each of Manu Gambhir, Tom Griffiths, and Jacob Kleiner, who are advisors. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding
 after the IPO and the expiration of the underwriter s option to purchase additional units equals 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time. The Class B ordinary shares will
 automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as
 described in this Annual Report.

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 11,700,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 11,700,000 in
 the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement
 warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

54 

Table of Contents 

If any of our founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their
 fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity.

We pay an affiliate of our sponsor 2,083 per month for office space, administrative and support services commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq.

Other than these fees, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for
 services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an
 initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our
 shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants, which is described under the heading Principal Shareholders Registration Rights. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions.

The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant
 to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the
 transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who
 has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of
 the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.

Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions
 only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning,
 a related person transaction in which he is the related party.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021 financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
 filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 including the services
 rendered in connection with our initial public offering, totaled 166,387 and 108,150, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. For the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, Marcum LLP,
 PC did not render such services.

55 

Table of Contents 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
 period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, Marcum LLP did not render such services.

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021, Marcum LLP did not render any of these other services.

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)(1) Financial Statements

The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Financial Statements or Notes listed in the Index to Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.

(b) Exhibits

The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report.

Exhibit Index

Exhibit

 Number

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on December 2, 2021)

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 10,
 2021)

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 17, 2021)

4.2 

Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 17, 2021)

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.4)

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

4.5 

Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 29, 2022)

10.1 

Letter Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on December 7, 2021)

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

10.4 

Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

10.5 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

10.6 

Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and each officer and/or director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021)

10.8 

Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on November 17, 2021)

31 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer.

32 

Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer. The information contained in this Exhibit shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission nor incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed by the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

99.1 

Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022)

Filed herewith

Furnished herewith

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

55 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

By:

/s/ David VanEgmond

David VanEgmond

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Date:

March 30, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ David VanEgmond

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

March 30, 2023

David VanEgmond

/s/ Paul Martino

Executive Chairman and Director

March 30, 2023

Paul Martino

/s/ Eric Wiesen

President

March 30, 2023

Eric Wiesen

/s/ Duncan Davidson

Executive Vice President

March 30, 2023

Duncan Davidson

/s/ Melissa Blau

Director

March 30, 2023

Melissa Blau

/s/ Brett Calapp

Director

March 30, 2023

Brett Calapp

/s/ Les Ottolenghi

Director

March 30, 2023

Les Ottolenghi

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

ITEM 15.
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 688 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statement of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 the Period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 1, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company

New York, New York

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s of Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations , shareholders deficit
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the
 period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
 Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
 operations. The Company has also determined that the mandatory liquidation date is June 7, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
 matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit s in accordance
 with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required to
 obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit s included performing
 procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
 the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
 overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

Marcum 
 llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

March 30, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

BALANCE SHEETS

DECEMBER 

 31, 2022

DECEMBER 

 31, 2021

ASSETS

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Franchise tax payable 

Due to related party

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting fees payable

Derivative warrant liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 par value; shares at and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively 

Shareholders deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued or outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For The Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

For The Period

 From April 01, 2021

 (Inception)

 Through December

 31, 2021

Formation and operating costs

Loss from operations

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account 

Transaction costs allocation to derivative warrant liabilities

Compensation expense

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss)

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

STATEMENTS OF
 CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND
 SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 

 Subject to Possible 

 Redemption 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A 

Class B 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional 

 Paid-In 
 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total 

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Share based compensation to Directors

- 

- 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

Net income

- 

- 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

For the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 

Subject to Possible 

 Redemption

Ordinary Shares

Class A

Class B

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional 

 Paid-In 
 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total 

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance as of April 01, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor

Proceeds from the sale of Class A ordinary shares

Paid underwriters fees

-

-

Deferred underwriting fees payable

-

-

Liabilities associated to equity instruments - Public Warrants

-

-

Other offering costs

-

-

Shared based compensation to directors

-

-

Excess cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants

-

-

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

-

-

Net loss

-

-

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year 

 Ended 

December 31, 2022

For The Period 

 From April 1, 

 2021 (Inception) 

Through December 31, 

 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Compensation expense

Transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities

Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account 

Formation and operating expenses funded by note payable through Sponsor

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Formation and operating expenses paid in exchange for Founder Shares

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid and other assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Investment of cash into Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Proceeds from note payable and advances from related party

Repayment of note payable and advances from related party 

Proceeds from sale of Class A shares, gross

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:

Initial class A shares subject to possible redemption

Immediate accretion of Class A shares to redemption value

Remeasurement of Class A shares to redemption value 

Offering costs included in accounts payable

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Offering costs paid through promissory note - related party

Offering costs paid through prepaid legal expense funded by sponsor

Deferred underwriting fees payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

BULLPEN PARLAY ACQUISITION COMPANY

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), including 
 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and incurring 
 in offering costs, in upfront underwriting fees and in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5).

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of (Note 4).

per Unit) of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
 Private Placement Warrants were deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account in the United States at U.S. Bank National Association maintained by U.S. Bank, acting as trustee, to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the
 meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any money market funds meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
 Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S, government treasury obligations until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as
 described below.

or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
 signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
 as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its
 tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the representative of the underwriters (as discussed
 in Note 5). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A ordinary shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary
 equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or June 7, 2023 (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
 the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of
 creditors and the requirement of applicable law. The representative of the underwriters agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
 Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is
 possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ).

F-8 

Table of Contents 

per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the
 day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
 taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is
 enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
 Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. None of the
 Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

, and a working capital deficit
 of , and the Company has access to working capital loans from the Sponsor, which is described in Note 4, to cover the
 working capital deficit. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. If the Company s estimates of the costs of identifying a target business,
 undertaking in-depth due diligence, and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an initial business
 combination. The liquidation deadline for the Company is also within the next twelve months if an initial Business Combination is not consummated. The Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will
 be successful.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

and cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Less:

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Class A

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A subject to possible redemption 

Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares

Numerator: Net Income (loss) allocable to Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares

Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share Class B non-Redeemable ordinary shares

warrants to
 purchase Class A ordinary shares to investors in the Company s Initial Public Offering and simultaneously issued 
 Private Placement Warrants. All of the Company s outstanding warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the
 instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

,000 and , respectively. 

unrecognized tax
 benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A ordinary shares and one-half of one
 Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise
 price of per share.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

, to
 cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). Up to 
 Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised. At the close of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option
 in full and these founder shares are no longer subjected to forfeitures as of December 7, 2021.

Founder Shares to Bertrand Navarrete, former Chief Operating Officer as part of Mr. Navarrete s employment agreement at the original issue price, pursuant to a securities assignment agreement. The Company has recognized this transfer as a
 compensation expense in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 5T and ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. The fair value of the Founder Shares issued in this arrangement was determined using the implied stock price as of
 the date of Initial Public Offering of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and the probability of the success of the Business Combination.

in costs associated with the transfer of the Founder Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expensed 
 in costs associated with the transfer of the Founder Shares and in salary compensation during the period ended December
 31, 2021.

Founders Shares to the following who were expected to be advisors: iGaming capital LLC, Brett Calapp, Les Ottolenghi, Binion SPAC Investors, LLC, Manu Gambhir, Derrick Brooks, Jacob Kleiner and Tom Griffiths. The Company has recognized this
 transfer as a compensation expense in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 5T and ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. The fair value of the Founder Shares issued in this arrangement was determined using the implied
 stock price as of the date of Initial Public Offering of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and the probability of the success of the Business Combination. The Company expensed in costs associated with the transfer of the Founder Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expensed in costs associated with the transfer of the Founder Shares during the period ended December 31, 2021.

Founder Shares to Maurice Werdegar through a transfer of shares, pursuant to and on the terms set out in certain securities assignment agreements. The Company has recognized this transfer as a compensation expense in accordance with SEC Staff
 Accounting Bulletin 5T and ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. The fair value of the Founder Shares issued in this arrangement was determined using the implied stock price as of the date of Initial Public Offering of the
 Company s Class A ordinary shares and the probability of the success of the Business Combination.

Founders Shares were transferred back to the Sponsor from Maurice Werdegar and Binion SPAC Investors, LLC.

Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of .

share
 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirement of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The loan will be repaid out of the
 offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does t
 have a balance under the promissory note.

in due to related party. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a balance of in due to related party. This balance
 included the administrative fees noted in administrative services agreement footnote. This balance is due on demand.

per month to an affiliate of the sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services and the sponsor, executive officers
 and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing a Business Combination. In the future, the Company may decide to
 compensate the executive officers and other employees. Any such payments prior to the initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the
 Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company had incurred an expense of and for administrative services fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021, respectively.

of such Working Capital
 Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants
 would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.

borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the option in full on December 7, 2021.

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, which was paid upon closing of the Initial
 Public Offering. In addition, the representative of the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross
 proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will become payable to the representative of the
 underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Warrants
 issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the of Public Warrants and the of Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 Derivatives
 and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . Such guidance provides that, because the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company
 classifies each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the Warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair
 value recognized in the company s statement of operations.

after the completion of a Business Combination
 provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are
 registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or holders are permitted to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances as a result
 of (i) the Company s failure to have an effective registration statement by the th business day after the closing of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) a notice of redemption described under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds ). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of its Initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the
 SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the Company s Initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A
 ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit
 holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless
 the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A
 ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its
 option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or
 maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not
 available.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

per
 share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon
 redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Initial Business Combination at an issue price
 or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to
 be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
 issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total
 equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of
 Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
 consummates the Initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the
 warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
 and the and 
 per share redemption trigger prices described under Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares and Redemption of warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market Value and the
 Newly Issued Price, respectively.

days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are
 subject to registration rights.

of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares the holder of the warrant shall be
 entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant had been exercised, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary
 shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to the offer. If less than of the consideration receivable by the
 holders of the Class A ordinary shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, and if the
 holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of the applicable event by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but
 in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined in the warrant agreement) minus (B) the value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant
 Value for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets.

: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to
 the Private Placement Warrants):

per warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption; and

F-18 

Table of Contents 

per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of
 Securities Warrants Public Warrants Redemption Procedures Anti-dilution Adjustments for any trading days
 within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of
 redemption to the warrant holders.

-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised.

: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to
 redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities Warrants Public Warrants based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary
 shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Warrants 

per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Warrants Redemption
 Procedures Anti-dilution Adjustments for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
 is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise
 price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Warrants Redemption Procedures Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for
 redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

State

Total current

Deferred

Federal

State

Total deferred

Tax provision (benefit)

shares of preference shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
 determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of
 preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding Class A ordinary shares that are subject to possible redemption).

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Total assets 

Liabilities:

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Total liabilities 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Total liabilities 

transfers out of Level 3.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

presented as
 change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statement of operations. 

Underlying stock price

Expected time until merger (years)

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Issuance of Public and Private Warrants - Level 3 measurements

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities with Level 3 inputs

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 with Level 3 inputs

Transfer out of level 3 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 with Level 3 inputs 

F-21 

<EX-31>
 2
 brhc10049810_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

 I, David VanEgmond, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
 which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and have:

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
 of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
 to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ David VanEgmond

Name:

David VanEgmond

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 brhc10049810_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. 1350

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company (the Company hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
 results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 30, 2023

/s/ David VanEgmond

Name:

David VanEgmond

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bpac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 bpac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bpac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bpac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bpac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

