<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_760498_0000950170-23-004378.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>49815755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342821</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2946430</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>28321777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4047561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12604628</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004378.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224161156
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004378
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANCFIRST CORP /OK/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000760498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				731221379
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14384
		FILM NUMBER:		23667271

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 NORTH BROADWAY AVE
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102-8401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4052701000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 NORTH BROADWAY AVE
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102-8401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED COMMUNITY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004378.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 banf-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____to____ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Global Select Market System 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

7.2 Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities 
 
 BANFP 
 
 NASDAQ Global Select Market System 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the regis trant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant computed using the last sale price on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 

Page 

PART I 

1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 15 

1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 

2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 24 

3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 24 

4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 24 

6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 25 

7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 

7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 47 

8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 48 

9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 100 

9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 100 

9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 103 

9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 103 

PART III 

10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 103 

11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 103 

12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 
 103 

13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 103 

14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 103 

PART IV 

15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 104 

Signatures 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business . 
 General 
 BancFirst Corporation (the Company is a financial holding company headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). It conducts a vast majority of its operating activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, BancFirst BancFirst ), an Oklahoma state-chartered bank headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Company also conducts operating activities through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Pegasus Bank Pegasus ), a Texas state-chartered bank headquartered in Dallas, Texas and Worthington Bank Worthington ), a Texas state-chartered bank headquartered in Arlington, Texas. In addition, the Company owns 100 of the common securities of BFC Capital Trust II (a Delaware business trust), 100 of Council Oak Partners LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company engaging in investing activities and 100 of BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc., an Oklahoma business corporation operating as an independent insurance agency. 
 The Company was incorporated as United Community Corporation in July 1984 to become a bank holding company. In June 1985, it merged with seven Oklahoma bank holding companies that had operated under common ownership and the Company has conducted business as a bank holding company since that time. Over the next several years, the Company acquired additional banks and bank holding companies, and in November 1988, the Company changed its name to BancFirst Corporation. Effective April 1, 1989, the Company consolidated its 12 subsidiary banks and formed BancFirst. Over the intervening decades, the Company has continued to expand through acquisitions and de-novo branches. The Company currently has 106 banking locations serving 59 communities throughout Oklahoma, Pegasus has 3 banking locations in the Dallas Metroplex area and Worthington has 4 locations in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex area. 
 BancFirst s strategy focuses on providing a full range of commercial banking services to retail customers and small to medium-sized businesses in both the non-metropolitan trade centers and cities in the metropolitan statistical areas of Oklahoma. BancFirst operates as a super community bank , managing its community banking offices on a decentralized basis, which permits them to be responsive to local customer needs. Underwriting, funding, customer service and pricing decisions are made by presidents in each market within BancFirst s strategic parameters. At the same time, BancFirst generally has a larger lending capacity, broader product line and greater operational scale than its principal competitors do in the non-metropolitan market areas (which typically are independently owned community banks). In the metropolitan markets served by BancFirst, the Company s strategy is to focus on the needs of local businesses that seek more responsive services than are available at larger institutions. 
 BancFirst maintains a strong community orientation by, among other things, selecting members of the communities in which BancFirst s branches operate to local consulting boards that assist in marketing and providing feedback on BancFirst s products and services to meet customer needs. As a result of the development of broad banking relationships with its customers and community branch network, BancFirst s lending and investing activities are funded almost entirely by core deposits. 
 BancFirst centralizes virtually all of its processing, support and investment functions in order to achieve consistency and operational efficiencies. BancFirst maintains centralized control functions such as operations support, bookkeeping, accounting, loan review, compliance and internal auditing to ensure effective risk management. BancFirst also provides, on a centralized basis, certain specialized financial services that require unique expertise. 
 BancFirst provides a wide range of retail and commercial banking services, including: commercial, real estate, energy, agricultural and consumer lending; depository and funds transfer services; collections; safe deposit boxes; cash management services; trust services; and other services tailored for both individual and corporate customers. BancFirst provides item processing, research and other correspondent banking services to financial institutions and governmental units. 
 BancFirst s primary lending activity is the financing of business and industry in its market areas. Its commercial loan customers are generally small to medium-sized businesses engaged in light manufacturing, local wholesale and retail trade, commercial and residential real estate development and construction, services, agriculture and the energy industry. Most forms of commercial lending are offered, including commercial mortgages, other forms of asset-based financing and working capital lines of credit. In addition, BancFirst offers Small Business Administration SBA guaranteed loans through BancFirst Commercial Capital, a division established in 1991. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Consumer lending activities of BancFirst consist of traditional forms of financing for automobiles, home equity loans and other personal loans. Residential loans consist primarily of home loans in non-metropolitan areas, which are generally shorter in duration than typical mortgages and reprice within five years. 
 BancFirst s range of deposit services include checking accounts, Negotiable Order of Withdrawal NOW accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, sweep accounts, club accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Overdraft protection and auto draft services are also offered. 
 Trust services offered through BancFirst s Trust and Investment Management Division (the Trust Division consist primarily of investment management and administration of trusts for individuals, corporations and employee benefit plans. In addition, the Trust Division serves as bond trustee and paying agent for various Oklahoma municipalities and governmental entities. 
 Insurance services offered through BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc. consists of business and personal insurance, employee benefits, surety bonds and claims and risk management. 
 BancFirst has the following 100 owned principal subsidiaries: BancFirst Agency, Inc., a credit life insurance agency, BFC-PNC, LLC and BF Brazito, LLC, both operating subsidiaries to hold other real estate owned, BFTower, LLC (which owns a 49 ownership interest in SFPG, LLC, a parking garage, and a 50 ownership interest in ParcFirst@Bricktown, LLC, a surface parking lot). All of these companies are Oklahoma entities. 
 
 Pegasus and Worthington's lending activities include private banking, commercial and residential real estate, commercial and industrial and energy loans. They each have a full complement of deposit products including sweep accounts and securities investment products. They provide a wide range of banking services to individual and corporate customers and are subject to competition from other local, regional, and national financial institutions. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 2,051 full time equivalent employees. None of its employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. The Company views its employees as a differentiator, enabling the Company to meet customers needs through highly trained and motivated employees. The Company s approach to human capital resources focuses on objectives that include, but are not limited to, providing fair and equitable compensation, training employees to reach heightened skill sets and standards of motivation, identifying and developing the proficiencies of all employees, and enhancing ongoing diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. 
 
 The Company recognizes the importance of maintaining a culture of feedback and employee recognition, and asks its supervisors to focus on ensuring that the Company s employees feel a sense of belonging at work, fostering peer-to-peer connections and appropriate subordinate/supervisor relationships and communications. The Company provides its employees with competitive compensation and benefits packages. The Company encourages its employees to be alert for opportunities to improve quality and efficiency. In addition, the Company affords its employees opportunities to learn how their work fits into the bigger picture and to gain a deeper appreciation for how they are making an impact within and outside the Company. Training resources and educational assistance are readily available, and the Company strives to promote, where practical, from within the Company. The Company identifies high potential candidates and provides specifically tailored plans for actualizing their development goals and career trajectories. 
 
 The Company views diversity, equity, and inclusion as a cultural and business imperative that must permeate its culture. By affirmatively recruiting, promoting, and developing an increasingly diverse group of prospective and current employees into managerial roles, the Company works to create a more appealing work environment for attracting and retaining larger numbers of diverse employees. The Company is committed to a policy of consistent treatment and equal employment opportunity in all recruitment and employment practices and is an affirmative action employer. 
 Market Areas and Competition 
 The banking environment in Oklahoma is very competitive. The geographic dispersion of the BancFirst s banking locations presents several different levels and types of competition. In general, however, each location competes with other banking institutions, savings and loan associations, brokerage firms, personal loan finance companies and credit unions within their respective market areas. The communities in which BancFirst maintains offices are generally local trade centers throughout Oklahoma. The major areas of 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

competition include interest rates charged on loans, underwriting terms and conditions, interest rates paid on deposits, fees on non-credit services, levels of service charges on deposits, completeness of product lines and quality of service. 
 Management believes BancFirst is in an advantageous competitive position operating as a super community bank. Under this strategy, BancFirst provides a broad line of financial products and services for small to medium-sized businesses and consumers through full service community banking offices with decentralized management, while achieving operating efficiency and product scale through product standardization and centralization of processing and other functions. Each full-service banking office has senior management with significant lending experience who exercise substantial autonomy over credit and pricing decisions. This decentralized management approach, coupled with continuity of service by the same staff members, enables BancFirst to develop long-term customer relationships, maintain high-quality service and respond quickly to customer needs. The majority of its competitors in the non-metropolitan areas are much smaller, and do not offer the range of products and services nor have the lending capacity of BancFirst. In the metropolitan communities, BancFirst s strategy is to be more responsive to, and more focused on, the needs of local businesses that are not served effectively by larger institutions. As reported by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the Company s market share of deposits within the state of Oklahoma was 7.19 as of June 30, 2022 and 6.92 as of June 30, 2021. 
 Marketing to existing and potential customers is performed through a variety of media advertising, direct mail and direct personal contacts. BancFirst monitors the needs of its customer base through its Product Development Group, which develops and enhances products and services in response to such needs. Sales, customer service, compliance and product training are coordinated with incentive programs to sell BancFirst s products and services. 
 The banking environment in North Texas is one of the most competitive in the nation. Pegasus and Worthington's marketing avoids media campaigns and their growth is dependent on the experience, knowledge and contacts of their relationship officers and directors. 
 Operating Segments 
 The Company has six principal business units: BancFirst metropolitan banks, BancFirst community banks, Pegasus, Worthington, other financial services and executive operations and support. For more information on the Company s Operating Segments, see Note (23), Segment Information, to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Control of Company 
 Affiliates of the Company beneficially own approximately 38 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of January 31, 2023. Under the Company s Bylaws, holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are able to elect all of the directors and approve significant corporate actions, including business combinations. Accordingly, while the Company s affiliates do not have legal control, i.e., a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, they have effective control of the Company. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 Banking is a complex, highly regulated industry. The growth and earnings performance of the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington can be affected by management decisions, general and local economic conditions, statutes, and the regulations and policies administered by various governmental regulatory authorities. These authorities include, but are not limited to, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ), the FDIC, the Oklahoma State Banking Department and the Texas Department of Banking. 
 The primary goals of the bank regulatory framework are to maintain a safe and sound banking system and to facilitate the conduct of monetary policy. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of a financial institution s depositors, rather than the institution s stockholders and creditors. The following discussion describes certain of the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and financial holding companies and their subsidiaries and provides certain specific information relevant to the Company, which is both a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the specific statutes and regulations discussed. Further, such statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress and state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company, including changes in interpretation or implementation thereof, could have a material effect on the Company s business. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory Agencies 
 In the U.S., banking is regulated at both the federal and state level. Commercial banks in the United States are able to choose to organize as national banks with a charter issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC or as state banks with a charter issued by a state government. The choice of charter determines which agency will supervise the bank: the primary supervisor of nationally chartered banks is the OCC, whereas state-chartered banks are supervised jointly by their state chartering authority and either the FDIC or the Federal Reserve Board, depending upon whether the state-chartered bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System. BancFirst is chartered by the State of Oklahoma and at the state level is supervised and regulated by the Oklahoma State Banking Department under the Oklahoma Banking Code. Pegasus and Worthington are chartered by the State of Texas and at the state level are supervised and regulated by the Texas Department of Banking. BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington have elected not to be members of the Federal Reserve System and, consequently, are supervised and regulated by the FDIC at the federal level. Their deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC to the extent provided by law. 
 As a financial holding company and a bank holding company, the Company is subject to comprehensive regulation by the Federal Reserve Board under the BHC Act, as amended by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the GLB Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and other legislation, as well as other federal and state laws governing the banking business. The BHC Act provides generally for regulation of financial holding companies and bank holding companies such as the Company by the Federal Reserve Board, and for functional regulation of banking activities by bank regulators, securities activities by securities regulators, and insurance activities by insurance regulators. Additionally, the Company is under the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and is subject to the periodic reporting, information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market System under the trading symbol BANF, and is subject to the listing and marketplace rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. (the NASDAQ ). 
 The Federal Reserve Board supervises non-banking activities conducted by companies directly and indirectly owned by the Company. In addition, the Company s non-banking subsidiaries are subject to various other laws, regulations, supervision and examination by other regulatory agencies, all of which directly or indirectly affect the operations and management of the Company and its ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 Bank Holding Company and Financial Holding Company Activities 
 The BHC Act generally limits the activities in which the Company and its non-banking subsidiaries may engage, to managing or controlling banks and to a range of activities that are considered to be closely related to banking. The list of activities permitted by the Federal Reserve Board includes, among other things: lending; operating a savings institution, mortgage company, finance company, credit card company or factoring company; performing certain data processing operations; providing certain investment and financial advice; underwriting and acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; leasing property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; selling money orders; real estate and personal property appraising; providing tax planning and preparation services; and, subject to certain limitations, providing securities brokerage services for customers. These activities may also be affected by other federal legislation. 
 Bank holding companies that have elected to be treated as financial holding companies, such as the Company, may engage in a broader range of activities considered financial in nature. 
 Financial in nature activities include securities underwriting, dealing and market making, sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies, insurance underwriting and agency, merchant banking and other activities that the Federal Reserve Board, in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines from time to time to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity or is complementary to a financial activity and does not pose a safety and soundness risk. 
 To maintain financial holding company status, a financial holding company and all of its depository institution subsidiaries must be well capitalized and well managed. A depository institution subsidiary is considered well capitalized if it satisfies the requirements for this status discussed in the section captioned Capital Requirements, included elsewhere in this item. A depository institution subsidiary is considered well managed if it received a composite rating and management rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination. A financial holding company s status will also depend upon it maintaining its status as well capitalized and well managed under applicable Federal Reserve Board regulations. If a financial holding company ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, the Federal Reserve Board s regulations provide that the financial holding company must enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve Board to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements. Until the financial holding company returns to compliance, the Federal Reserve Board may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities, 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

and the company may not commence any of the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies or acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. If the company does not return to compliance within 180 days, the Federal Reserve Board may require divestiture of the holding company s depository institutions. Bank holding companies and banks must also be both well capitalized and well managed in order to acquire banks located outside their home state. 
 In order for a financial holding company to commence any new activity permitted by the BHC Act or to acquire a company engaged in any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the financial holding company must have received a rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act. See the section captioned Community Reinvestment Act included elsewhere in this item. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has the power to order any bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve Board has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. 
 Federal and state laws impose notice and approval requirements for mergers and acquisitions of other depository institutions or bank holding companies. The BHC Act requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board for the direct or indirect acquisition by a bank holding company of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a commercial bank or its parent holding company (including a financial holding company). Additionally, under the Bank Merger Act, the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board or other appropriate bank regulatory authority is required for a bank to merge with another bank, purchase the assets or assume the deposits of another bank. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition or merger, bank regulatory authorities will consider, among other factors, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, the applicant s performance record under the Community Reinvestment Act (see the section captioned Community Reinvestment Act included elsewhere in this item) and its compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws and the effectiveness of the subject organizations in combating money laundering activities. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 The principal source of the Company s liquidity is dividends from BancFirst. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends the Company s subsidiary banks and certain other subsidiaries may pay without regulatory approval. The payment of dividends by its subsidiary banks may also be affected by other regulatory requirements and policies, such as the maintenance of adequate capital. If, in the opinion of the applicable regulatory authority, a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in, or is about to engage in, an unsafe or unsound practice (which, depending on the financial condition of the bank, could include the payment of dividends), such authority may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from such practice. The appropriate federal regulatory authorities have stated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 The Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington are deemed affiliates of each other within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act, and covered transactions between affiliates are subject to certain restrictions, including compliance with Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and their implementing regulations. These regulations limit the types and amounts of covered transactions engaged in by a financial institution and its affiliates, and generally require those transactions to be on an arm s-length basis. Covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit, as well as a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve Board) from the affiliate, certain derivative transactions that create a credit exposure to an affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. In general, these regulations require that any such transaction by a financial institution with an affiliate must be secured by designated amounts of specified collateral and must be limited to certain thresholds on an individual and aggregate basis. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Federal law also limits a bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Among other things, extensions of credit to insiders are required to be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons. In addition, the terms of such extensions of credit may not involve more than the normal risk of non-repayment or present other unfavorable features and may not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons individually and in the aggregate. 
 Source of Strength 
 Federal Reserve Board policy requires bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks and, under appropriate circumstances, to commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. This support may be required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support. If a bank holding company was unable to pay mandated assessments in support of its subsidiary banks, the FDIC could order the sale of the bank holding company s stock in the subsidiary banks to cover the deficiency. 
 Capital loans by a bank holding company to its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary banks. In addition, in the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary banks will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 Capital Requirements 
 The Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC. The current risk-based capital standards applicable to the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington are based on the Basel III Capital Rules established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee ). The Basel Committee is a committee of central banks and bank supervisors/regulators from the major industrialized countries that develops broad policy guidelines for use by each country s supervisors in determining the supervisory policies they apply. The requirements are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital given the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. 
 As an additional means to identify problems in the financial management of depository institutions, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDI Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to establish certain non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator. The standards relate generally to operations and management, asset quality, interest rate exposure and executive compensation. The agencies are authorized to take action against institutions that fail to meet such standards. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules, among other things, (i) include a capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 ), (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting specified requirements, (iii) define CET1 narrowly by requiring that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CETI and not to the other components of capital, and (iv) require certain deductions/adjustments to capital. 
 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the initial minimum capital ratios are as follows: 
 4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets. 

6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. 

8.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets. 

4.0 Tier 1 capital to average quarterly assets (known as the leverage ratio ). 

The Basel III Capital Rules also require a capital conservation buffer , composed entirely of CET1, on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is 2.5 . The Basel III Capital Rules also provide for a countercyclical capital buffer that is only applicable to certain covered institutions and does not have any current applicability to the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus or Worthington. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and effectively increases the minimum required risk-weighted capital ratios. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets below 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

the effective minimum (4.5 plus the capital conservation buffer and, if applicable, the countercyclical capital buffer) will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington to maintain an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios of (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 , (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5 , (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5 ; and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . For more information on the Company s Capital Ratios, see Note (15), Stockholders Equity, to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 The liquidity framework under the Basel III Capital Rules (the Basel III liquidity framework applies a balance sheet perspective to establish quantitative standards designed to ensure that a banking organization is appropriately positioned to satisfy its short- and long-term funding needs. One test to address short-term liquidity risk is referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio LCR ), designed to calculate the ratio of a banking entities' ratio of high-quality liquid assets to its total net cash flows over a 30-day time horizon. The other test, referred to as the net stable funding ratio NSFR ), is designed to promote more medium- and long-term asset funding by incenting banking entities to increase their holdings of U.S. Treasury securities and other sovereign debt, as well as increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source. Rules applicable to certain large banking organizations have been implemented for LCR and for NSFR; however, based on our asset size, these rules do not currently apply to the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus or Worthington. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The FDI Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. 
 Under this system, the federal banking regulators have established five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, in which all depository institutions are placed. The federal banking regulators have specified by regulation the relevant capital levels for each of the categories. Under certain circumstances, a well-capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution may be treated as if the institution were in the next lower capital category. Federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. A depository institution that is undercapitalized is required to submit a capital restoration plan. Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety of enforcement remedies by federal bank regulatory agencies, including termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, restrictions on certain business activities and appointment of the FDIC as conservator or receiver. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, the banking regulator must appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. 
 A bank will be (i) well capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a CET1 capital ratio of 6.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater, and is not subject to any order or written directive by any such regulatory authority to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure; (ii) adequately capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and is not well capitalized (iii) undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0 , a CET1 capital ratio less than 4.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 ; (iv) significantly undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a CET1 capital ratio less than 3.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 ; and (v) critically undercapitalized if the institution s tangible equity is equal to or less than 2.0 of average quarterly tangible assets. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank s capital category is determined solely for applying prompt corrective action regulations, and the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

The FDI Act generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. The agencies may not accept such a plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The bank holding company must also provide appropriate assurances of performance. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized and (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. 
 Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. 
 The appropriate federal banking agency may, under certain circumstances, reclassify a well-capitalized insured depository institution as adequately capitalized. The FDIA provides that an institution may be reclassified if the appropriate federal banking agency determines (after notice and opportunity for hearing) that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or deems the institution to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice. The appropriate agency is also permitted to require an adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with the supervisory provisions as if the institution were in the next lower category (but not treat a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized) based on supervisory information other than the capital levels of the institution. 
 The Company believes that, as of December 31, 2022, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington were well capitalized based on the ratios provided in Note (15), Stockholders Equity, in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 
 Deposit Insurance Assessments 
 The deposits of BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington are insured by the FDIC. This insurance is funded through assessments on insured depository institutions. The FDIC s risk-based assessment system requires members to pay varying assessment rates into the DIF, depending upon the level of the institution s capital and the degree of supervisory concern over the institution. 
 The FDIC insures the deposits of federally insured banks up to prescribed statutory limits for each depositor, currently 250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each insured depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors. The FDIC s deposit insurance premium assessment is based on an institution s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. Any future increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material and adverse effect on BancFirst s, Pegasus and Worthington's and hence the Company s, earnings. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment is expected to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline prescribed under the FDIC's amended restoration plan. 
 The Company s FDIC deposit insurance assessment expense totaled 4.7 million, 3.5 million and 2.1 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by DIF-insured institutions. It also may prohibit any DIF-insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the DIF. The FDIC also has the authority to take enforcement actions against insured institutions. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC. The Company does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance for its banking subsidiaries. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards 
 The FDI Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe standards, by regulations or guidelines, relating to internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, stock valuation and compensation, fees and benefits and such other operational and managerial standards as the agencies deem appropriate. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal stockholder. In addition, the agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDI Act. See --Prompt Corrective Action above. If an institution fails to comply with such an order, the agency may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. 
 Federal Banking Agency Compensation Guidelines 
 The Federal Reserve Board reviews, as part of its regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of this supervisory initiative will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 Guidance issued by the Federal Reserve Board, OCC and FDIC is intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk-management and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 
 During 2016, the U.S. financial regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board and the SEC, proposed revised rules on incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least 1 billion in total assets (which would include the Company, BancFirst and Pegasus). The proposed revised rules would establish general qualitative requirements applicable to all covered entities, which would include (i) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation; (ii) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks that could lead to a material financial loss; (iii) establishing requirements for performance measures to appropriately balance risk and reward; (iv) requiring board of director oversight of incentive arrangements; and (v) mandating appropriate record-keeping. Under the proposed rule, larger financial institutions with total consolidated assets of at least 50 billion would be subject to additional requirements applicable to such institutions senior executive officers and significant risk-takers. These additional requirements, in which federal regulators were reported still to be interested in 2019, would not be applicable to the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus or Worthington. 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including NASDAQ, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The final rule requires the Company to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after such listing standard becomes effective. The NASDAQ listing standards have not yet been finalized. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The scope, content and application of the U.S. banking regulators' policies on incentive compensation continue to evolve. It cannot be determined at this time whether compliance with such policies will adversely affect the ability of the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington to hire, retain and motivate key employees. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Federal regulators have issued statements regarding cybersecurity. Financial institutions are expected to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures, to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. Failure to observe the regulatory guidance could subject the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct operations and to store sensitive data. They employ an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. The Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington employ a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of their defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington have not detected a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington's systems and those of their customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington could experience a significant event in the future. 
 In November 2021, federal banking regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, issued a final rule to improve the sharing of information about cyber incidents, compliance was required by May 1, 2022. Under the final rule a banking organization s primary federal regulator must receive notification as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that a significant computer-security incident, known as a notification incident, has occurred. Further, the final rule separately requires a bank service provider to notify each of its affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 In June 2023, the Federal Trade Commission's amendments to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act's Safeguards Rule will go into effect requiring financial institutions to: (i) appoint a qualified individual to oversee and implement their information security programs; (ii) implement additional criteria for information security risk assessments; (iii) implement safeguards identified by assessments, including access controls, data inventory, data disposal, change management, and monitoring, among other things; (iv) implement information system monitoring in the form of either continuous monitoring or periodic penetration testing; (v) implement additional controls including training for security personnel, periodic assessment of service providers, written incident response plans, and periodic reports from the qualified individual to the board of directors. 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 The Company s business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. The Company is particularly affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve Board are (a) conducting open market operations in United States government securities, (b) changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions, (c) imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions deposits and (d) imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The policies of the Federal Reserve Board may have a material effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Privacy Provisions of the GLB Act 
 Federal banking regulators, as required under the GLB Act, have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 Durbin Amendment 
 The Durbin Amendment is part of the Dodd-Frank Act that limits transaction fees imposed upon merchants by debit card issuers. Interchange fees or debit card swipe fees are paid to banks by acquirers for the privilege of accepting payment cards . The Company exceeded 10 billion in total assets at December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Durbin Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act this will trigger a reduction of annual pretax income from debit card interchange fees beginning July 1, 2023. Additional information regarding the Durbin Amendment is presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the Patriot Act 
 The USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act facilitates the ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety of fronts. The Patriot Act imposes significant compliance and due diligence obligations, specifies crimes and penalties and establishes the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued a number of implementing regulations, which apply various requirements of the Patriot Act to financial institutions such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington. Those regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing, and have significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The Patriot Act also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. 
 Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the CRA ), requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing credit to low- and moderate-income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA and are assigned ratings. In order for a financial holding company to commence any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, or to acquire any company engaged in any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the financial holding company must have received a rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination under the CRA. Furthermore, banking regulations take into account the CRA rating when considering approval of a proposed transaction. During its last examination in 2021, a rating of satisfactory was received by BancFirst. During its last examination in 2020, a rating of satisfactory was received by Pegasus. During its last examination in 2018, a rating of outstanding was received by Worthington. In April 2018, the U.S. Department of Treasury issued a memorandum to the federal banking regulators with recommended changes to the CRA s implementing regulations to reduce their complexity and associated burden on banks. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to the regulations implementing the CRA. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Consumer Laws and Regulations 
 Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act and these laws respective state-law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, restrict the Company s ability to raise interest rates and subject the Company to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which the Company operates and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in the Company s failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Company may wish to pursue or its prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB is a federal agency responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB focuses on: 
 Risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws, when it evaluates the policies and practices of a financial institution. 

The markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets. 

Depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services. 

Depository institutions with a more specialized focus. 

Non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services. 

The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with a consumer s ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or take unreasonable advantage of a consumer s (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in the consumer s interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over all banks with more than 10 billion in assets, as well as their affiliates. Banking regulators take into account compliance with consumer protection laws when considering approval of a proposed transaction. 
 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act (the Riegle-Neal Act ), a bank holding company may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the bank holding company, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, control no more than 10 of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions nationwide and no more than 30 of such deposits in that state (or such amount as set by the state if such amount is lower than 30 ). 
 The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate branches. Banks are also permitted to either acquire existing banks or to establish new branches in other states where authorized under the laws of those states. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires that a bank holding company or bank be well-capitalized and well-managed (rather than simply adequately capitalized and adequately managed) in order to take advantage of these interstate banking and branching provisions. 
 Depositor Preference 
 The FDI Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Changes in Laws, Regulations or Policies 
 Banking is a heavily regulated industry. Additional initiatives may be proposed or introduced before Congress and other government bodies in the future. Such proposals, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship among financial institutions and may subject the Company to increased supervision and disclosure and reporting requirements. In addition, the various bank regulatory agencies often adopt new rules, regulations, and policies to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulatory changes in policy may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company would be affected thereby. 
 State Regulation 
 BancFirst is an Oklahoma-chartered state bank. Accordingly, BancFirst s operations are subject to various requirements and restrictions of Oklahoma state law relating to loans, lending limits, interest rates payable on deposits, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, capital adequacy and other matters. However, Oklahoma banking law specifically empowers a state-chartered bank such as BancFirst to exercise the same powers as are conferred upon national banks by the laws of the United States and the regulations and policies of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, unless otherwise prohibited or limited by the Oklahoma Banking Commissioner or the Oklahoma State Banking Board. Accordingly, unless a specific provision of Oklahoma law otherwise provides, a state-chartered bank is empowered to conduct all activities that a national bank may conduct. 
 Pegasus and Worthington are Texas-chartered state banks. Accordingly, their operations are subject to various requirements and restrictions of Texas state law relating to loans, lending limits, interest rates payable on deposits, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, capital adequacy and other matters. However, Texas banking law specifically empowers a state-chartered bank such as Pegasus and Worthington to exercise the same powers as are conferred upon national banks by the laws of the United States and the regulations and policies of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, unless otherwise prohibited or limited by the Texas Banking Commissioner or the Texas Finance Commission. Accordingly, unless a specific provision of Texas law otherwise provides, a state-chartered bank is empowered to conduct all activities that a national bank may conduct. 
 National banks are authorized by the GLB Act to engage, through financial subsidiaries, in any activity that is permissible for a financial holding company and any activity that the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Reserve Board, determines is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity, except (1) insurance underwriting, (2) real estate development or real estate investment activities (unless otherwise permitted by law), (3) insurance company portfolio investments and (4) merchant banking. The authority of a national bank to invest in a financial subsidiary is subject to a number of conditions, including, among other things, requirements that the bank must be well managed and well capitalized (after deducting from the bank s capital outstanding investments in financial subsidiaries). The GLB Act provides that state nonmember banks, such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington, may invest in financial subsidiaries (assuming they have the requisite investment authority under applicable state law), subject to the same conditions that apply to national bank investments in financial subsidiaries. 
 As a state nonmember bank, BancFirst is subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the Oklahoma State Banking Board and the FDIC, and Oklahoma law provides that BancFirst must maintain reserves against deposits as required by the FDI Act. The Oklahoma Banking Commissioner is authorized by statute to accept an FDIC examination in lieu of a state examination. In practice, the FDIC and the Oklahoma State Banking Department alternate examinations of BancFirst. If, as a result of an examination of a bank, the Oklahoma State Banking Department determines that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the bank s operations are unsatisfactory or that the management of the bank is violating or has violated any law or regulation, various remedies, including the remedy of injunction, are available to the Oklahoma State Banking Department. Oklahoma law permits the acquisition of an unlimited number of wholly-owned bank subsidiaries so long as aggregate deposits at the time of acquisition in a multi-bank holding company do not exceed 20 of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions located in Oklahoma. 
 As state nonmember banks, Pegasus and Worthington are subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the Texas Department of Banking and the FDIC, and Texas law provides that Pegasus and Worthington must maintain reserves against deposits as required by the FDI Act. The Texas Department of Banking is authorized by statute to accept an FDIC examination in lieu 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

of a state examination. In practice, the FDIC and the Texas Department of Banking alternate examinations. If, as a result of an examination of a bank, the Texas Department of Banking determines that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the bank s operations are unsatisfactory or that the management of the bank is violating or has violated any law or regulation, various remedies, including the remedy of injunction, are available to the Texas Department of Banking. 
 In addition to the provisions of the GLB Act that authorize state nonmember banks to invest in financial subsidiaries (assuming they have the requisite investment authority under applicable state law) on the same conditions that apply to national banks, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA provides that FDIC-insured state banks such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington may engage directly or through a subsidiary in certain activities that are not permissible for a national bank, if the activity is authorized by applicable state law, the FDIC determines that the activity does not pose a significant risk to the DIF and the bank is in compliance with its applicable capital standards. 
 Securities Laws 
 The Company s common stock is publicly held and listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and the Company is subject to the periodic reporting, information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance and other requirements and restrictions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder as well as listing requirements of the NASDAQ. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that affect corporate governance and executive compensation at most United States publicly traded companies, including the Company. 
 The Company is also subject to the accounting oversight and corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including: 
 required executive certification of financial presentation; 

increased requirements for board audit committees and their members; 

enhanced disclosures of controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 

enhanced controls over, and reporting of, insider trading and 

increased penalties for financial crimes and forfeiture of executive bonuses in certain circumstances. 

Available Information 
 The Company maintains a website at www.bancfirst.bank. The Company provides copies of the most recently filed 10-K, 10-Q and proxy statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files the material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The website also provides links to the SEC s website (http://www.sec.gov) where all of the Company s filings with the SEC can be obtained immediately upon filing. You may also request a copy of the Company s filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning the Company at the following address: 
 BancFirst Corporation 
 100 N. Broadway Ave. 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102 
 ATTENTION: Randy Foraker 
 Executive Vice President 
 (405) 270-1044 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent to the financial services industry. The following discusses some of the key inherent risk factors that could affect our business and operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we are facing. Other factors besides those discussed below or elsewhere in this report also could adversely affect our business and operations, and the risk factors discussed below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that may affect us. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this report constitutes forward-looking 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 Fluctuations in interest rates could reduce our profitability. 
 We realize income primarily from the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. We expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-earning assets will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa. Changes in market interest rates either could positively or negatively affect our net interest income and our profitability, depending on the magnitude, direction and duration of the change. If interest rates decline, our net interest margin could experience compression. 
 We are unable to predict fluctuations of market interest rates, which are affected by, among other factors, changes in inflation rates, economic growth, money supply, government debt, domestic and foreign financial markets and political developments, including terrorist acts and acts of war. Our asset-liability management strategy, which is designed to mitigate our risk from changes in market interest rates, may not be able to mitigate changes in interest rates from having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Credit and Lending Risks 
 We may be adversely affected by declining crude oil prices. 
 Recent years have been marked by significant volatility in market oil prices. As of December 31, 2022, the price per barrel of crude oil was approximately 78 up from 73 at December 31, 2021. If oil prices drop below the marginal cost of production for an extended period, we would expect to experience weaker energy loan demand and increased losses within our energy portfolio. Furthermore, a prolonged period of low oil prices could also have a negative impact on the energy producing economies and, in particular, the economies of states such as Oklahoma and Texas, where the energy industry is a significant driver of economic activity. Although as of December 31, 2022, oil and gas loans comprised 6.66 of our loan portfolio, the impact of lower oil prices could have an indirect impact on our other loan portfolio segments, for example, commercial real estate CRE ). 
 A substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, in particular commercial real estate. Deterioration in the real estate markets could lead to losses, which could have a material negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Loans secured by real estate constitute a significant portion of our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, this percentage was approximately 67 . While our record of asset quality has historically been solid, we cannot guarantee that our record of asset quality will be maintained in future periods. The ability of our borrowers to repay their loans could be adversely impacted by a significant change in market conditions, which not only could result in our experiencing an increase in charge-offs, but also could necessitate increasing our provision for credit losses. In addition, because one to four family residential and commercial real estate loans represent the majority of our real estate loans outstanding, a decline in tenant occupancy due to such factors or for other reasons could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans on a timely basis, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If a significant number of customers fail to perform under their loans, our business, profitability and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 There are inherent risks associated with our lending activities. As a lender, we face the risk that a significant number of our borrowers will fail to pay their loans because of other factors, including the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate. If borrower defaults cause losses in excess of our allowance for credit losses, it could have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and financial condition. We have established an evaluation process designed to recognize credit losses as they occur. While this evaluation process uses historical and other objective information, the classification of loans and the estimation of credit losses are dependent to a great extent on our experience and judgment. If charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in net income and capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to our process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. We cannot assure you that our future credit losses will not have any material adverse effects on our business, profitability or financial condition. 
 External and Market-Related Risks 
 Changes in economic conditions, especially in the State of Oklahoma, pose significant challenges for us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is affected by conditions outside our control, including the rate of economic growth in general, the level of unemployment, increases in inflation and the level of interest rates. Economic conditions affect the level of demand for and the profitability of our products and services. A slowdown in the general economic activity, particularly in Oklahoma, could negatively impact our business. BancFirst operates exclusively within the State of Oklahoma and, unlike larger national or superregional banks that serve a broader and more diverse geographic region; BancFirst lending is also primarily concentrated in the State of Oklahoma. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in the State of Oklahoma. Our continued success is largely dependent upon the continued growth or stability of the communities we serve. A decline in the economies of these communities could negatively impact our net income and profitability. Additionally, declines in the economies of these communities and of the State of Oklahoma in general could affect our ability to generate new loans, receive repayments of existing loans and our ability to attract new deposits, adversely affecting our financial condition. 
 Maintaining or increasing our market share depends on market acceptance and regulatory approval of new products and services. 
 Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer demand. There is increasing pressure on financial services companies to provide products and services at lower prices. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including Internet-based services, could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products or services. A failure to achieve market acceptance of any new products we introduce, or a failure to introduce products that the market may demand, could have an adverse effect on our business, profitability or growth prospects. 
 Changes in consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and savings habits could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Technology and other changes now allow many customers to complete financial transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. This process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer spending and savings habits could adversely affect our operations, and we may be unable to timely develop competitive new products and services in response to these changes. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth and profitability. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose our business to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to us. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competition with other financial institutions could adversely affect our profitability. 
 We face vigorous competition from banks and other financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks, finance companies and credit unions. A portion of these banks and other financial institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits, larger branch systems and other banking services that we do not offer. To a limited extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies and insurance companies. When new competitors seek to enter one of our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, they sometimes undercut the pricing and/or credit terms prevalent in that market. This competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking and trust services, reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving our customers, the effective use of technology increases our efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market area. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers. 
 Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in federal and state laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. Any change in applicable regulations or federal or state legislation could have a substantial impact on us and our results of operations. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or supervisory guidance, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by federal or state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputational damage. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 See the section captioned Supervision and Regulation included in Item 1. Business, located elsewhere in this report. 
 Changes in monetary policies may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve Board. Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, could have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, loan demand or business earnings. See Item 1 - Business-Supervision and Regulation. Our profitability is greatly dependent upon our earning a positive interest spread between our loan and securities portfolio, and our funding deposits and borrowings. Changes in the level of interest rates, a prolonged unfavorable interest rate environment or a decrease in our level of deposits that increases our cost of funds could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition Related Risk 
 There can be no assurance that the integration of our acquisitions will be successful or will not result in unforeseen difficulties that may absorb significant management attention. 
 Our completed acquisitions, or any future acquisition, may not produce the revenue, cost savings, earnings or synergies that we anticipated. The process of integrating acquired companies into our business may also result in unforeseen difficulties. Unforeseen operating difficulties may absorb significant management attention, which we might otherwise devote to our existing business. Also, the process may require significant financial resources that we might otherwise allocate to other activities, including the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Additionally, we may be exposed to potential asset quality issues or unknown or contingent liabilities of the banks, businesses, assets and liabilities we acquire. If these issues or liabilities exceed our estimates, our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively affected. 
 If we pursue a future acquisition, our management could spend a significant amount of time and effort identifying and completing the acquisition. If we make a future acquisition, we could issue equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership, incur substantial debt, assume contingent liabilities and be required to record an impairment of goodwill or any combination of the foregoing. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 We are subject to liquidity risk. 
 Liquidity is the ability to fund increases in assets and meet obligations as they come due, all without incurring unacceptable losses. Banks are especially vulnerable to liquidity risk because of their role in the transformation of demand or short-term deposits into longer-term loans or other extensions of credit. We, like other financial-services companies, rely to a significant extent on external sources of funding (such as deposits and borrowings) for the liquidity needed in the conduct of our business. A number of factors beyond our control, however, could have a detrimental impact on the level or cost of that funding and thus on our liquidity. These include market disruptions, changes in our credit ratings or the sentiment of our investors, the loss of substantial deposit relationships and reputational damage. Unexpected declines or limits on the dividends declared and paid by our subsidiaries also could adversely affect our liquidity position. While our policies and controls are designed to ensure that we maintain adequate liquidity to conduct our business in the ordinary course even in a stressed environment, there can be no assurance that our liquidity position will never become compromised. In such an event, we may be required to sell assets at a loss in order to continue our operations. This could damage the performance and value of our business, prompt regulatory intervention and harm our reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, our viability as a going concern could be threatened. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Liquidity Risk in Part II, Item 7A for a discussion of how we monitor and manage liquidity risk. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our accounting estimates and risk-management processes may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. 
 We maintain an enterprise risk-management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report and control the risks that it faces. These include interest-rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and compliance and litigation risk. While we assess and improve this program on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its approach and framework for risk-management and related controls will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in our business. To comply with generally accepted accounting principles, management must sometimes exercise judgment in selecting, determining and applying accounting methods, assumptions and estimates. This can arise, for example, in determining the allowance for credit losses or the fair value of assets or liabilities. The judgments required of management can involve difficult, subjective, or complex matters with a high degree of uncertainty, and several different judgments could be reasonable under the circumstances and yet result in significantly different results being reported. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part II, Item 7. If management s judgments later prove to have been inaccurate, we may experience unexpected losses that could be substantial. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the processes we use to estimate our probable credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our probable credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Technological advances in payment processing is expected to negatively impact our interchange revenue. 
 Interchange fees, or swipe fees, are charges that merchants pay to the processors who, in turn, share that revenue with us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Rapid, significant technological changes continue to confront the payments industry. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions for processing electronic payment transactions. These include developments in smart cards, e-commerce, mobile and radio frequency and proximity payment devices, such as contactless cards. Ongoing or increased competition in payment processing may restrict our ability to generate interchange revenue in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2022, debit card interchange revenue represented 26.6 of our noninterest income. 
 Consumer protection laws and the Durbin Amendment will reduce our noninterest income. 
 We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB also has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than 10 billion in assets for certain designated consumer laws and regulations. The other federal banking agencies enforce such consumer laws and regulations for banks and savings institutions under 10 billion in assets. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and restrict our ability to raise interest rates and charge non-sufficient funds NSF fees. A significant portion of our noninterest income is derived from service charge income, including NSF fees, which represented 14.2 of our noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws could result in enforcement actions and significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. In addition, we are subject to political pressures that could limit our ability to charge for NSF and overdraft fees. 
 In addition, the Durbin Amendment is a provision in the larger Dodd-Frank Act that gave the Federal Reserve the authority to establish rates on debit card transactions. The Durbin Amendment aims to control debit card interchange fees and restrict anti-competitive practices. The law applies to banks with over 10 billion in assets and limits these banks on what they charge for debit card interchange fees. The Company exceeded 10 billion in total assets at December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Durbin Amendment, based on current run rates, this will trigger a reduction of annual pretax income from debit card interchange fees of approximately 22 million beginning July 1, 2023. 
 We have businesses other than banking. 
 In addition to commercial banking services, we provide property and casualty and other insurance products, as well as other business and financial services. We may in the future develop or acquire other non-banking businesses. As a result of other such businesses, our earnings could be subject to risks and uncertainties that are different from those to which our commercial banking services are subject. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. These types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Further, to access our products and services our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems. Our technologies, systems, networks and software and those of other financial institutions have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of cybersecurity threats and attacks, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 
 Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services. We also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. Our collection of such customer and company data is subject to extensive regulation and oversight, which may increase in complexity and extent in the future. Our customers and employees have been, and will continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, bank account information or other personal information or to introduce viruses or other malware through Trojan horse programs to our information systems and/or our customers' computers. Though we endeavor to mitigate these threats through product improvements, use of encryption and authentication technology and customer and employee education, such cyber-attacks against us or our merchants and our third party service providers remain a serious issue. The pervasiveness of cybersecurity incidents in general and the risks of cybercrime are complex and continue to evolve. More generally, publicized information concerning security and cyber-related problems could inhibit the use or growth of electronic or web-based applications or solutions as a means of conducting commercial transactions. 
 Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. While we maintain specific cyber insurance coverage, which would apply in the event of various breach scenarios, the amount of coverage may not be adequate in any particular case. Furthermore, because cyber threat scenarios are inherently difficult to predict and can take many forms, some breaches may not be covered under our cyber insurance coverage. A security breach or other significant disruption of our information systems or those related to our customers, merchants and our third party vendors, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could (i) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers; (iii) result in a violation of applicable privacy, data breach and other laws, subjecting us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation, enforcement action, governmental fines and possible financial liability; (iv) require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; or (v) harm our reputation or cause a decrease in the number of customers that choose to do business with us. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Associated with Our Common Stock 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. 
 Although our common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the trading volume in our common stock is generally less than that of other, larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We may not continue to pay dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 We have historically paid a common stock dividend. However, as a bank holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board regarding capital adequacy and dividends. Additionally, our ability to declare or pay dividends on our common stock may also be subject to certain restrictions in the event that we elect to defer the payment of interest on our junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures. There can be no certainty that our common dividend will continue to be paid at the current levels. It is possible that our common dividend could be reduced or even cease to be paid. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 Our directors and executive officers own a significant portion of our common stock and can influence stockholder decisions. 
 Our directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially owned 33.75 of our outstanding common stock as of January 31, 2023. As a result of their ownership, the directors and executive officers have the ability for all practical purposes, by voting their shares in concert, to control the outcome of any matter submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, which requires only a majority vote. The directors and executive officers may vote to cause us to take actions with which our other stockholders do not agree. 
 Our amended certificate of incorporation, as well as certain provisions of banking law and Oklahoma corporate law, could make it difficult for a third party to acquire our company. 
 Oklahoma corporate law and our amended certificate of incorporation contain provisions that could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our management or us. Together, these provisions may discourage transactions that otherwise could provide for the payment of a premium over prevailing market prices of our common stock, and also could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Additionally, provisions of federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. These provisions effectively inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock inherently involves risk for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 Our stock price can be volatile. 
 Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; recommendations by securities analysts; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry; perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and/or our competitors; new technology used, or services offered by competitors; significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; changes in government regulations; and geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts. 
 General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of our operating results. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 
 We rely on certain external vendors. 
 We are reliant upon certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations. These third party vendors are sources of operational and informational security risk to us, including risks associated with operational errors, information system interruptions or breaches and unauthorized disclosures of sensitive or confidential client or customer information. If these vendors encounter any of these issues, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, we could be exposed to disruption of operations, loss of service or connectivity to customers, reputational damage and enforcement and litigation risk that could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in accounting standards could impact our consolidated financial statements and reported earnings. 
 Accounting standard-setting bodies, such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that affect the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. These changes are beyond our control and could have a meaningful impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management and our auditors to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. These requirements may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time. Implementing these changes may take a significant amount of time and may require specific compliance training of our personnel. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal control over financial reporting that need improvement. If our auditors or we discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market s confidence in our consolidated financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price. We may not be able to effectively and timely implement necessary control changes and employee training to ensure continued compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other regulatory and reporting requirements. Our historic growth and our expansion through acquisitions present challenges to maintaining the internal control and disclosure control standards applicable to public companies. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and sanctions, our ability to recognize revenue could be impaired and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. We cannot assure you that we will continue to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or that management or our auditors will conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in future periods. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, particularly if our asset quality or earnings were to deteriorate significantly. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control and our financial performance. Economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of funding and limit access to certain customary sources of capital, including inter-bank borrowings, repurchase agreements and borrowings from the discount window of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 We cannot assure that such capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors or counterparties participating in the capital markets, or a downgrade of our debt ratings, may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. Moreover, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital, and we would have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a materially adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely heavily on our management team, and the unexpected loss of key managers may adversely affect our operations. 
 Our success to-date has been strongly influenced by our ability to attract and to retain senior management experienced in banking and financial services. Our ability to retain executive officers and the current management teams of each of our lines of business will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies. We do not have employment or non-compete agreements 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

with these key employees. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 The principal offices of the Company are located at 100 North Broadway Ave., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102. 
 The Company owns substantially all of the properties and buildings in which its various offices and facilities are located. These properties include the main bank and 105 additional BancFirst branches in Oklahoma. The Company also owns properties in Oklahoma for future expansion. There are no significant encumbrances on any of these properties. 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pegasus has three banking locations in Dallas, Texas. The main bank is located at 4515 W Mockingbird Ln, Dallas, TX 75209. 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Worthington has one banking location in Arlington, Texas, one in Colleyville, Texas and two in Fort Worth, Texas. The main bank is located at 200 W Main St, Arlington, TX 76010. 
 (See Note 6 - Premises and Equipment, Net and Other Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s properties). 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 
 The Company has been named as a defendant in various legal actions arising from the conduct of its normal business activities. Although the amount of any liability that could arise with respect to these actions cannot be accurately predicted, in the opinion of the Company, any such liability will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Common Stock Market Prices and Dividends 
 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market System NASDAQ/GS and is traded under the symbol BANF . As of January 31, 2023, there were 244 holders of record of our Common Stock. 
 
 Future dividend payments will be determined by the Company s Board of Directors in light of the earnings and financial condition of the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington, their capital needs, applicable governmental policies and regulations and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 
 BancFirst Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington, and its ability to pay dividends is substantially dependent upon dividend payments received from BancFirst. Various laws, regulations and regulatory policies limit BancFirst s ability to pay dividends to BancFirst Corporation, as well as BancFirst Corporation s ability to pay dividends to its stockholders. See Liquidity and Funding and Capital Resources under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 1 - Business-Supervision and Regulation. and Note (15) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding limitations on the payment of dividends by BancFirst Corporation and BancFirst. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Stock Repurchases 
 In November 1999, the Company adopted a Stock Repurchase Program (the SRP ). The SRP may be used as a means to increase earnings per share and return on equity, to purchase treasury stock for the exercise of stock options or for distributions under the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, to provide liquidity for optionees to dispose of stock from exercises of their stock options and to provide liquidity for stockholders wishing to sell their stock. All shares repurchased under the SRP have been retired and not held as treasury stock. The timing, price and amount of stock repurchases under the SRP may be determined by management and approved by the Company s Executive Committee. At December 31, 2022, up to 500,486 shares could be repurchased under the Company s November 1999 Stock Repurchase Program. The amount approved is subject to amendment. The Stock Repurchase Program will remain in effect until all shares are repurchased. 
 No purchases were made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of the Company s common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Information regarding stock-based compensation awards outstanding and available for future grants as of December 31, 2022 is presented in the table below. All of the Company s stock-based compensation plans have been approved by the Company s stockholders. Additional information regarding stock-based compensation plans is presented in Note (13) Stock-Based Compensation in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data located elsewhere in this report. 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column(a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 1,439,899 

50.92 

106,288 

Performance Graph 
 The Company s performance graph is incorporated by reference from Performance Graph contained on the last page of this 10-K report. 
 Item 6. [R eserved] 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis presents factors that the Company believes are relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company s financial position and results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the selected consolidated financial data included herein. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The Company may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to earnings, credit quality, corporate objectives, interest rates and other financial and business matters. Forward-looking statements include estimates and give management s current expectations or forecasts of future events. The Company cautions readers that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including economic conditions; the performance of financial markets and interest rates; legislative and regulatory actions and reforms; competition; as well as other factors, all of which change over time. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives and expectations, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as believes , anticipates , expects , intends , targeted , continue , remain , will , should , may and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 The Durbin Amendment will impact noninterest income beginning July 1, 2023. 

Political pressures could further limit our ability to charge for NSF and overdraft fees. 

Rising interest rates. 

The increased noninterest expense associated with greater Securities and Exchange Commission's requirements related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as climate disclosures. 

Local, regional, national and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on the Company and its customers and the Company s assessment of that impact. 

Changes in the mix of loan geographies, sectors and types or the level of non-performing assets and charge-offs. 

Inflation, including wage inflation, energy prices, securities markets and monetary fluctuations. 

The effect of changes in laws and regulations such as those from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Reserve, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) with which the Company must comply. 

Impairment of the Company s goodwill or other intangible assets. 

Changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits. 

Changes in the financial performance and/or condition of the Company s borrowers, including the impact of rising interest rates. 

Technological changes. 

Acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses. 

The effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters. 

The Company s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 

The cost and expenses of the foregoing items. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. 
 SUMMARY 
 
 The Company s net income for 2022 was 193.1 million, or 5.77 per diluted share, compared to 167.6 million, or 5.03 per diluted share for 2021. 
 In 2022, net interest income increased to 373.7 million, compared to 315.7 million in 2021. Rising short-term interest rates and loan growth, along with net interest income related to the Worthington acquisition contributed to the increase in net interest income in 2022. The Company s net interest margin increased to 3.29 for 2022, compared to 3.15 for 2021. The margin for 2021 included 36.4 million in Paycheck Protection Program PPP fees compared to only 2.1 million in 2022. 
 The Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 10.1 million in 2022 compared to a net benefit from reversal of provisions for credit losses of 8.7 million in 2021. The Company believes there is a modest probability of a mild to moderate economic downturn in Oklahoma and Texas and therefore considers the current CECL reserve as a percentage of loans is appropriate. 
 Noninterest income totaled 183.7 million in 2022 compared to 170.0 million in 2021. The increase in noninterest income in 2022 was mostly attributable to a 9.3 million increase in income from an equity interest received through restructuring a loan, along with a 9.0 million increase in sweep fees, a 3.3 million increase in income from service charges on deposits and increases in trust revenue and insurance commissions. The increase in non-interest income was partially offset by a loss of 4.0 million on bonds resulting from the sale of 226 million of low yielding debt securities, which were subsequently reinvested in higher yielding debt securities. In addition, noninterest income in 2022 had a decrease in the gain on sale of other assets and a decrease in income from sales of loans. 
 Noninterest expense was 309.9 million in 2022 compared to 286.0 million in 2021. The increase in noninterest expense in 2022 was due to the increase in salaries and employee benefits of 18.3 million, noninterest expenses (including salaries and employee benefits) related to the Worthington acquisition, and a 1.3 million increase in deposit insurance. 
 The Company s effective tax rate in 2022 was 18.67 compared to 19.56 for 2021. The effective tax rates for both years were lower than the statutory tax rate due to the recognition of certain tax credits. 
 The Company s assets at year-end 2022 totaled 12.4 billion, an increase of 3.0 billion from December 31, 2021. The growth in assets was driven by customer deposits that remained in the bank and that had previously been swept into off-balance sheet money market accounts at year-end 2021. Off-balance sheet sweep accounts totaled 3.7 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 5.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans totaled 6.9 billion an increase of 755.6 million from year-end 2021. Loan growth during 2022, net of acquired loans and PPP loan payoffs, was 578.0 million or 8.6 . Total deposits were 11.0 billion at December 31, 2022 an increase of 2.9 billion from December 31, 2021. The Company s total stockholders equity was 1.3 billion, an increase of 79.1 million over December 31, 2021. 
 Asset quality remained strong as nonaccrual loans declined to 15.3 million, representing 0.22 of total loans at December 31, 2022, down from 0.34 at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.33 at December 31, 2022, down slightly from 1.36 at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans was 606.10 at December 31, 2022 compared to 401.76 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company s other real estate owned (OREO) decreased 2.7 million from December 31, 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans for 2022 was 0.02 , compared to 0.11 for 2021. 
 See Note (2) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding the Company s recent developments, including mergers and acquisitions. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note (1) to the consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States inherently involves the use of estimates and assumptions, which affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the related disclosures. These estimates relate principally to the allowance for credit losses, income taxes, intangible assets and the fair value of financial instruments. Such estimates and assumptions may change over time and actual amounts realized may differ from those reported. The following is a summary of the accounting policies and estimates that management believes are the most critical. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit losses 
 On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 326, which replaced the incurred loss methodology for determining its provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as CECL ). The allowance for credit losses is management s estimate of the expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost. 
 The allowance for credit losses is increased by provisions charged to operating expense and is reduced by net loan charge-offs. The amount of the allowance for credit losses is measured using relevant information about past events, including historical credit loss experience on financial assets with similar risk characteristics, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the remaining cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets. A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on the Company's assessment as of the reporting date. For collateral dependent loans, the standard allows institutions to use, as a practical expedient, the fair value of the collateral to measure expected credit losses on collateral-dependent financial assets. This amount is included in the allowance for credit losses. 
 To estimate expected losses using historical loss information, the Company elected to utilize a methodology known as vintage loss analysis for BancFirst, Pegasus, and Worthington Bank. Vintage loss analysis measures impairment based on the age of the accounts and the historical performance of assets with similar risk characteristics. Vintage loss analysis determines expected losses by allowing the Company to calculate the cumulative loss rates of a given loan pool and, in so doing, determine the loan pool s lifetime expected loss experience relative to the appropriate type of financial assets that share similar risk characteristics. Vintage loss analysis uses different vintages analyzed by year of origination through the weighted average maturity of each loan pool. The key quantitative inputs used in the Company s estimate of the allowance for credit losses include 1) all available loan data tracked by year of origination, 2) total charge-offs for each specific loan pool recorded since year of origination, 3) recovery rate calculated by the average recovery over the previous seven years across all loan pools, and 4) a weighting factor biased to more recent loss experience. The quantitative expected credit loss is calculated by dividing each year s net charge-offs by the original balance. The respective vintage s original balance remains the denominator in each annual calculation, referencing the specific vintage s initial balance. The loss experience of this original balance is tracked annually and summed over the life of the loan for each separate loan pool, leaving a cumulative life of credit loss rate based on historic averages weighted towards more recent loss experience. These key quantitative inputs change from period to period as new loans are originated, and charge-offs and recoveries are recognized. The recovery rate is revised on an annual basis, taking into consideration the most recent seven years. The weighting factor percentages remain static; however, the most recent year receives the highest weighting percentage. 
 The BancFirst Senior Loan Committee the SLC establishes BancFirst qualitative adjustments. In setting the qualitative adjustments, they consider several factors, including external economic information, peer bank comparisons, and experience with the loan portfolio. The SLC also considers a Moody s Analytics dataset in which BancFirst selects a range from three probability scenarios from two economic forecasts. To determine the appropriate correlation to the loss experience, economic indicators are compared to the prior ten years of charge-off history to arrive at a correlation factor. BancFirst then applies the correlation factor to the change in the forecast of the aforementioned economic indicators over the next 18-24 months, which is driven by management s judgment of a reasonable and supportable forecast period to arrive at a percentage range of qualitative loss adjustment attributable to economic forecasts. The SLC establishes a qualitative adjustment for each loan pool using these factors. For periods beyond which BancFirst can make or obtain reasonable and supportable forecasts of expected credit losses, BancFirst reverts to historical loss information. 
 Each quarter the SLC reviews aggregate allowance for BancFirst and adjusts the appropriateness of the allowance. In addition, annually or more frequently as needed, the SLC evaluates the qualitative adjustments used in the BancFirst allowance based on the information described above. To facilitate the SLC s evaluation, the Asset Quality Department performs periodic reviews of business units and reports on the adequacy of management s identification of collateral-dependent and adversely classified loans and their adherence to loan policies and procedures. 
 The process of evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses necessarily involves the exercise of judgment and consideration of numerous subjective factors and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that the estimate of expected losses will not change in light of future developments and economic conditions. Changes in assumptions and conditions could result in a materially different amount for the allowance for credit losses. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company files a consolidated income tax return. Deferred taxes are recognized under the balance sheet method based upon the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities, using the tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods when the related temporary differences are expected to be realized. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The amount of accrued current and deferred income taxes is based on estimates of taxes due or receivable from taxing authorities either currently or in the future. Changes in these accruals are reported as tax expense, and involve estimates of the various components included in determining taxable income, tax credits, other taxes and temporary differences. Changes periodically occur in the estimates due to changes in tax rates, tax laws and regulations and implementation of new tax planning strategies. The process of determining the accruals for income taxes necessarily involves the exercise of considerable judgment and consideration of numerous subjective factors. 
 Management performs an analysis of the Company s tax positions annually and believes it is more likely than not that all of its tax positions will be utilized in future years. 
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Core deposit intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of seven to ten years and customer relationship intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of three to eighteen years. Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated at a reporting unit level at least annually for impairment or more frequently if other indicators of impairment are present. At least annually in the fourth quarter, intangible assets, are evaluated for possible impairment. Impairment losses are measured by comparing the fair values of the intangible assets with their recorded amounts. Any impairment losses are reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 The evaluation of remaining core deposit intangibles for possible impairment involves reassessing the useful lives and the recoverability of the intangible assets. The evaluation of the useful lives is performed by reviewing the levels of core deposits of the respective branches acquired. The actual life of a core deposit base may be longer than originally estimated due to more successful retention of customers, or may be shorter due to more rapid runoff. Amortization of core deposit intangibles would be adjusted, if necessary, to amortize the remaining net book values over the remaining lives of the core deposits. The evaluation for recoverability is only performed if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangibles may not be recoverable. 
 The evaluation of goodwill for possible impairment is performed by comparing the fair values of the related reporting units with their carrying amounts including goodwill. The fair values of the related business units are estimated using market data for prices of recent acquisitions of banks and branches. 
 The evaluation of intangible assets and goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulted in no impairments. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Debt securities that are being held for indefinite periods of time, or that may be sold as part of the Company s asset/liability management strategy, to provide liquidity or for other reasons, are classified as available for sale and are stated at estimated fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on debt securities available for sale are reported as a component of stockholders equity, net of income tax. 
 The Company reviews its portfolio of debt securities in an unrealized loss position at least quarterly. The Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell, the securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If either of these criteria is met, the securities amortized cost basis is written down to fair value as a current period expense. If either of the above criteria is not met, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value is the result of credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Company considers, among other things, the performance of any underlying collateral and adverse conditions specifically related to the security. At December 31, 2022, 98 of the available for sale debt securities held by the Company were issued by the U.S. Treasury, or U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies compared to approximately 95 at December 31, 2021. The Company does not consider the unrealized position of these securities to be the result of credit factors, because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and illiquidity, and not credit quality, and the Company does not have the intent to sell these securities and it is likely that it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery. Therefore, the Company has not recorded an allowance for credit losses against its debt securities portfolio, as the credit risk is not material. 
 The estimates of fair values of debt securities and other financial instruments are based on a variety of factors. In some cases, fair values represent quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments. In other cases, fair values have been estimated based on assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and assumed discount rates reflecting varying degrees of risk. Accordingly, the fair values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of year-end or that will be realized in the future. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Future Application of Accounting Standards 
 See Note (1) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Segment Information 
 See Note (23) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding the Company s operating business segments. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis presents the more significant factors that affected the Company's financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and results of operations for each of the years then ended. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 (the 2021 Form 10-K for a discussion and analysis of the more significant factors that affected periods prior to 2021, which the Company incorporates by reference. 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to make prior periods comparable. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements, notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. From time to time, the Company has engaged in acquisitions. None of these acquisitions had a significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company accounts for acquisitions using the acquisition method, and as such, the results of operations of acquired companies are included from the date of acquisition forward. 
 
 Average Balances, Income Expenses and Rates 
 The following tables present, for the periods indicated, certain information related to the Company's consolidated average balance sheet, average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities. Such yields are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. For these computations: (i) average balances are derived from daily averages, (ii) information is shown on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a 21 tax rate, and (iii) nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances and any interest on such nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis. Loan fees included in interest income were 24.1 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 55.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 33.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 

Taxable Equivalent Basis 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

ASSETS 

Earning assets: 

Loans (1) 

6,611,617 

336,739 

5.09 

6,220,192 

316,618 

5.09 

6,432,455 

312,514 

4.85 

Debt securities taxable 

1,295,762 

24,456 

1.89 

538,157 

6,327 

1.18 

556,931 

8,591 

1.54 

Debt securities tax exempt 

3,877 

118 

3.03 

11,372 

258 

2.27 

28,969 

616 

2.12 

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks 

3,450,093 

58,931 

1.71 

3,268,443 

4,366 

0.13 

1,562,383 

6,049 

0.39 

Total earning assets 

11,361,349 

420,244 

3.70 

10,038,164 

327,569 

3.26 

8,580,738 

327,770 

3.81 

Nonearning assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

260,028 

271,004 

220,995 

Interest receivable and other assets 

865,744 

694,191 

611,966 

Allowance for credit losses 

(87,567) 

(88,028) 

(76,501) 

Total nonearning assets 

1,038,205 

877,167 

756,460 

Total assets 

12,399,554 

10,915,331 

9,337,198 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Transaction deposits 

957,719 

2,049 

0.21 

848,535 

634 

0.07 

744,632 

940 

0.13 

Savings deposits 

4,280,052 

35,598 

0.83 

3,736,901 

4,055 

0.11 

3,273,903 

9,385 

0.29 

Time deposits 

672,179 

4,318 

0.64 

654,801 

3,543 

0.54 

695,637 

8,147 

1.17 

Short-term borrowings 

4,333 

60 

1.39 

2,608 

2 

0.08 

2,745 

8 

0.30 

Long-term borrowings 

1,107 

Subordinated debt 

86,013 

4,122 

4.79 

56,793 

3,130 

5.51 

26,804 

1,966 

7.31 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

6,000,296 

46,147 

0.77 

5,299,638 

11,364 

0.21 

4,744,828 

20,446 

0.43 

Interest-free funds: 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

5,097,813 

4,437,352 

3,503,187 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

102,691 

52,069 

46,048 

Stockholders equity 

1,198,754 

1,126,272 

1,043,135 

Total interest free funds 

6,399,258 

5,615,693 

4,592,370 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

12,399,554 

10,915,331 

9,337,198 

Net interest income 

374,097 

316,205 

307,324 

Net interest spread 

2.93 

3.05 

3.38 

Effect of interest free funds 

0.36 

0.10 

0.19 

Net interest margin 

3.29 

3.15 

3.57 

31 

Table of Contents 

The following table depicts, for the periods indicated, selected income statement data and other selected data: 

BANCFIRST CORPORATION 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

At and for the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income Statement Data 

Net interest income 

373,673 

315,657 

306,668 

Provision for (benefit from) credit losses 

10,076 

(8,690) 

62,648 

Noninterest income 

183,747 

170,032 

137,222 

Noninterest expense 

309,912 

285,981 

257,730 

Net income 

193,100 

167,630 

99,586 

Per Common Share Data 

Net income basic 

5.89 

5.12 

3.05 

Net income diluted 

5.77 

5.03 

3.00 

Cash dividends 

1.52 

1.40 

1.32 

Selected Financial Ratios 

Performance ratios: 

Return on average assets 

1.56 

1.54 

1.06 

Return on average stockholders equity 

16.11 

14.88 

9.52 

Cash dividends payout ratio 

25.81 

27.34 

43.28 

Net interest spread 

2.93 

3.05 

3.38 

Net interest margin 

3.29 

3.15 

3.57 

Efficiency ratio 

55.60 

58.88 

58.06 

Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income, which is the Company s principal source of operating revenue, increased in 2022 by 58.0 million, to a total of 373.7 million, compared to an increase of 9.0 million in 2021. Rising short-term interest rates and loan growth, along with net interest income related to the Worthington acquisition contributed to the increase in 2022. Net interest income increased in 2021 as a result of an increase of 20.9 million in fee income from PPP loan forgiveness and the drop in average interest rates on deposits, offset by average rates on loans. 
 Net interest margin is the ratio of taxable-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets for the period. As shown in the preceding table, the Company s net interest margin increased in 2022, compared to 2021, due to larger balances and higher average rates on interest-bearing deposits with banks during the year. The decrease in net interest margin in 2021 was due to larger balances and lower average rates on interest-bearing deposits with banks during the year. In addition, the margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 was positively impacted by higher PPP fees, which were 36.4 million compared to approximately 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During 2022, the Federal Reserve began raising interest rates to help slow inflation in the economy. The Company s net interest income and net interest margin were impacted by the increases in interest rates. Our expectation is that interest rates will continue to increase in the near term. 
 Changes in the volume of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in interest rates, determine the changes in net interest income. The following volume/rate analysis summarizes the relative contribution of each of these components to the changes in net interest income in 2022 and 2021. See Maturity and Rate Sensitivity of Loans for additional discussion. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

VOLUME/RATE ANALYSIS 
 Taxable Equivalent Basis 

Change in 2022 

Change in 2021 

Total 

Due to Volume(1) 

Due to Rate 

Total 

Due to Volume(1) 

Due to Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

INCREASE (DECREASE) 

Interest Income: 

Loans 

20,121 

2,524 

17,597 

4,104 

(7,641) 

11,745 

Investments taxable 

18,129 

9,474 

8,655 

(2,264) 

(361) 

(1,903) 

Investments tax exempt 

(140) 

(163) 

23 

(358) 

(402) 

44 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks and federal funds sold 

54,565 

264 

54,301 

(1,683) 

6,663 

(8,346) 

Total interest income 

92,675 

12,099 

80,576 

(201) 

(1,741) 

1,540 

Interest Expense: 

Transaction deposits 

1,415 

73 

1,342 

(306) 

273 

(579) 

Savings deposits 

31,543 

537 

31,006 

(5,330) 

1,025 

(6,355) 

Time deposits 

775 

136 

639 

(4,604) 

(500) 

(4,104) 

Short-term borrowings 

58 

1 

57 

(6) 

(6) 

Subordinated debt 

992 

1,135 

(143) 

1,164 

(1) 

1,165 

Total interest expense 

34,783 

1,882 

32,901 

(9,082) 

797 

(9,879) 

Net interest income 

57,892 

10,217 

47,675 

8,881 

(2,538) 

11,419 

(1) The effects of changes in the mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have been combined with the changes due to volume. 

Provision for and Benefit from Credit Losses 
 As shown in the selected consolidated financial table above, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses for 2022, compared to a net benefit from reversal of provision for credit losses for 2021 and a provision for credit losses for 2020. Provisions for credit losses have stabilized in 2022 after the economic downturn and recovery from the effects of the COVID pandemic in prior years. Also, the addition of acquired loans and loan growth led to an increase in the provision in 2022. The Company s reversal of provision for 2021 was based on improvements in economic conditions and the Company s outlook for certain economic indicators. The Company establishes an allowance as an estimate of the expected credit losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is appropriate based upon management s best estimate of expected losses within the existing loan portfolio. Should any of the factors considered by management in evaluating the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses change, the Company s estimate of expected credit losses could also change, which could affect the amount of future provisions for credit losses. Net loan charge-offs were 1.4 million for 2022 compared to 7.0 million for 2021 and 22.8 million for 2020. The net charge-offs equated to 0.02 , 0.11 and 0.35 of average loans for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net charge-offs were higher in 2020 primarily due to three loans. The rate of net charge-offs to average total loans continues to be at a low level. A more detailed discussion of the allowance for credit losses is provided under Loans. 
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income is shown in the selected consolidated financial table above. Total noninterest income increased in 2022. The increase in noninterest income was mostly attributable to 9.3 million of income from an equity interest received through restructuring a loan, along with 9.0 million in income from sweep fees, a 3.3 million increase in income from service charges on deposits primarily related to debit card interchange fees and non-sufficient funds NSF and overdraft fees discussed below, a 3.1 million increase in insurance commissions and a 2.7 million increase in trust revenue. The increase in non-interest income was partially offset by a loss of 4.0 million on bonds resulting from the sale of 226 million of low yielding debt securities, which were subsequently reinvested in higher yielding debt securities. In addition, the increase in noninterest income in 2022 was partially offset by a decrease in the gain on sale of other assets and a decrease from income from the sale of loans discussed below. The Company s operating noninterest income has generally increased due to enhanced product lines, acquisitions and internal deposit account growth. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The Company earned 4.5 million on the sale of loans in 2022 compared 7.3 million in 2021 and 6.1 million in 2020. The income from sales of loans in 2021 was higher due to the increase in the volume of mortgage loans originated because of record low mortgage rates. The Company expects the volume of mortgage loans originated to continue to decrease during 2023 due to higher mortgage interest rates. 
 The Company recognized a net gain of 2.2 million during 2022, a net gain of 1.0 million during 2021, and a net loss of 389,000 during 2020, due to transactions of equity securities. These losses and gains were primarily due to the Accounting Standard Update 2016-01, which requires the change in fair value of equity securities to be recognized through net income. The Company s practice is to maintain a liquid portfolio of securities and not engage in trading activities. The Company has the ability and intent to hold debt securities classified as available for sale that were in an unrealized loss position until they mature or until fair value exceeds amortized cost. As described above, due to the interest rate increases during 2022, the Company recognized a loss on the sale of debt securities of 4.0 million. 
 Noninterest income included NSF and overdraft fees totaling 26.0 million, 25.0 million and 26.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This represents 14.2 , 14.7 , and 19.4 of the Company s noninterest income for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company had debit card interchange fees totaling 48.9 million, 46.0 million and 36.9 million for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This represents 26.6 , 27.1 and 26.9 of the Company s noninterest income for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For 2022 compared to 2021, an increase in customer accounts and interchange volume activity resulted in higher debit card interchange fees. 
 The Company is subject to political pressures that could limit our ability to charge for NSF and overdraft fees. As of April 1, 2022, the Company lowered the rates charged on NSF and overdraft fees. To the extent that increased volume doesn t overcome these rate changes, the Company could experience a decline in NSF and overdraft fees. 
 The Company exceeded 10 billion in total assets at December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Durbin Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act, based on current run rates, this will trigger a reduction of annual pretax income from debit card interchange fees of approximately 22 million beginning July 1, 2023. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Total noninterest expense increased by 23.9 million, or 8.4 to 309.9 million for 2022. This compares to an increase of 28.3 million, or 11.0 , for 2021. The increase in noninterest expense in 2022 was due to the increase in salaries and employee benefits of 18.3 million, noninterest expenses (including salaries and employee benefits) related to the Worthington acquisition, and an increase in deposit insurance. In addition, net expense from other real estate owned increased 822,000, which was due to an increase of 3.2 million of write downs on other real estate owned and 1.3 million increase in the cost of holding other real estate owned, offset by an increase in gain on the sales of other real estate owned of 3.6 million. The increase in noninterest expense in 2021 was due to the increase in salaries and employee benefits of 2.0 million, 8.9 million related to other real estate property operating costs, 4.8 million in acquisition related expenses, 4.4 million in net occupancy and depreciation primarily from the Company s move to its new corporate headquarters, 3.1 million amortization of investment in tax credits, 1.1 million incentive to customers that participated in the year-end sweep program and an increase in deposit insurance. 
 Noninterest expense included deposit insurance expense, which totaled 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense totaled 44.3 million in 2022, compared to 40.8 million in 2021 and 23.9 million in 2020. The effective tax rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 18.7 , 19.6 and 19.4 respectively. The primary reasons for the difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate were tax-exempt income, nondeductible amortization, federal and state tax credits and state tax expense. 
 Certain financial information is prepared on a taxable equivalent basis to facilitate analysis of yields and changes in components of earnings. Average balance sheets, comprehensive income statements and other financial statistics are also presented on a taxable equivalent basis. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Impact of Inflation 
 The impact of inflation on financial institutions differs significantly from that of industrial or commercial companies. The assets of financial institutions are predominantly monetary, as opposed to fixed or nonmonetary assets such as premises, equipment and inventory. As a result, there is little exposure to inflated earnings by understated depreciation charges or significantly understated current values of assets. Although inflation can have an indirect effect by leading to higher interest rates, financial institutions are in a position to monitor the effects on interest costs and yields and respond to inflationary trends through management of interest rate sensitivity. Inflation can also have an impact on noninterest expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, services and other costs. 
 Impact of Deflation 
 In a period of deflation, it would be reasonable to expect widely decreasing prices for real assets. In such an economic environment, assets of businesses and individuals, such as real estate, commodities or inventory, could decline. The inability of customers to repay or refinance their loans could result in credit losses incurred by the Company far in excess of historical experience due to deflated collateral values. 

35 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL POSITION 

BANCFIRST CORPORATION 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

At and for the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Balance Sheet Data 

Total assets 

12,387,863 

9,405,612 

Debt securities 

1,540,604 

534,500 

Total loans (net of unearned interest) 

6,949,795 

6,194,218 

Allowance for credit losses 

92,728 

83,936 

Deposits 

10,974,228 

8,091,914 

Subordinated debt 

86,044 

85,987 

Stockholders equity 

1,250,836 

1,171,734 

Book value per share 

38.05 

35.94 

Tangible book value per shares (non-GAAP)(1) 

31.90 

30.80 

Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value per Common Share (non-GAAP)(2) 

Stockholders equity 

1,250,836 

1,171,734 

Less goodwill 

182,055 

149,922 

Less intangible assets, net 

19,983 

17,566 

Tangible stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) 

1,048,798 

1,004,246 

Common shares outstanding 

32,875,560 

32,603,118 

Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 

31.90 

30.80 

Selected Financial Ratios 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets 

1.56 

1.54 

Return on average stockholders' equity 

16.11 

14.88 

Cash dividends payout ratio 

25.81 

27.34 

Net interest spread 

2.93 

3.05 

Net interest margin 

3.29 

3.15 

Efficiency ratio 

55.60 

58.88 

Balance Sheet Ratios: 

Average loans to deposits 

60.06 

64.27 

Average earning assets to total assets 

91.63 

91.96 

Average stockholders equity to average assets 

9.67 

10.32 

Asset Quality Ratios: 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.22 

0.34 

Nonperforming and restructured loans to total loans 

0.35 

0.48 

Nonperforming and restructured assets to total assets 

0.50 

0.73 

Allowance for credit losses to total loans 

1.33 

1.36 

Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming and restructured loans 

376.67 

284.33 

Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 

606.10 

401.76 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

0.02 

0.11 

(1) Refer to the Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value per Common Share (non-GAAP) Table 

(2) Tangible book value per common share is stockholders' equity less goodwill and intangible assets, net, divided by common shares outstanding. 

This amount is a non-GAAP financial measure but has been included as it is considered to be a critical metric with which to analyze and 

evaluate the financial condition and capital strength of the Company. This measure should not be considered a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash, Federal Funds Sold and Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks 
 Cash consists of cash and cash items on hand, noninterest-bearing deposits and amounts due from other banks, reserves deposited with the Federal Reserve Bank, and interest-bearing deposits with other banks. Federal funds sold consist of overnight investments of excess funds with other financial institutions. The Company has continued to maintain the majority of its excess funds with the Federal Reserve Bank. The Federal Reserve Bank pays interest on these funds based upon the lowest target rate for the maintenance period, which increased during 2022 from 0.25 to 4.50 . The rate was 0.25 during all of 2021. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The amount of cash, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank carried by the Company is a function of the availability of funds presented to other institutions for clearing, and the Company s requirements for liquidity, operating cash and reserves, available yields and interest rate sensitivity management. Balances of these items can fluctuate widely based on these various factors. The aggregate of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks increased by 1.1 billion, or 54.7 , to 3.2 billion, from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily related to the return of deposits from off-balance sheet sweep accounts related to the Company s year-end sweep program, which was partially off-set by the purchase of higher yielding bonds described below. 
 Securities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total debt securities increased 1.0 billion, or 188.2 , to 1.5 billion. Debt securities available for sale represented 99.9 of the total debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022, compared to 99.4 of total debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2021. Debt securities available for sale had a net unrealized loss of 93.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to a net unrealized gain of 2.8 million at December 31, 2021. These unrealized (losses)/gains are included in the Company s stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of income tax, in the amounts of a loss of 71.6 million and a gain of 2.2 million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a loss of 4.0 million resulting from the sale of 226 million of debt securities with an average yield of 0.16 , which was subsequently reinvested in 220 million of debt securities with an average yield of 1.86 . The Company also made two other purchases of debt securities in 2022. On January 10, 2022, the Company purchased United States Treasury Notes with 600 million par value at an average yield of 1.42 and an average maturity of 53 months. On August 25, 2022, the Company purchased United States Treasury Notes of 300 million par value with an average yield of 3.27 and an average maturity of 58 months. 
 
 The Company does not engage in securities trading activities. Any sales of debt securities are for the purpose of executing the Company s asset/liability management strategy, eliminating a perceived credit risk in a specific security, or providing liquidity. Debt securities that are being held for indefinite periods of time, or that may be sold as part of the Company s asset/liability management strategy, to provide liquidity, or for other reasons, are classified as available for sale and are stated at estimated fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on debt securities available for sale are reported as a component of stockholders equity, net of income tax. Debt securities for which the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held for investment and are stated at cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts computed under the interest method. 
 Management has the ability and intent to hold the debt securities classified as held for investment until they mature, at which time the Company will receive full value for the securities. Furthermore, the Company also has the ability and intent to hold the debt securities classified as available for sale for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of cost. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net unrealized losses largely due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value of those securities having unrealized losses is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date, or if market yields for similar investments decrease. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, management had no intent or requirement to sell before the recovery of the unrealized loss. 
 See Note (4) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding the Company s Securities. 

37 

Table of Contents 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE YIELD OF DEBT SECURITIES 
 The following table summarizes the maturity distribution schedule with corresponding weighted average taxable equivalent yields of the debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022. The following table presents securities at their expected maturities, which may differ from contractual maturities. The Company manages its debt securities portfolio for liquidity, as a tool to execute its asset/liability management strategy, and for pledging requirements for public funds. For the interest rate sensitivity of debt securities see the table in item 7A. 

Within One Year 

After One Year But Within Five Years 

After Five Years But Within Ten Years 

After Ten Years 

Total 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Held for Investment 

Mortgage-backed securities 

8 

7.24 

5 

5.46 

13 

6.56 

State and political subdivisions 

1,185 

1.22 

685 

3.22 

1,870 

1.96 

Other securities 

500 

0.10 

500 

0.10 

Total 

1,193 

1.27 

1,190 

1.92 

2,383 

1.59 

Percentage of total 

50.1 

49.9 

100.0 

Available for Sale 

U.S. Treasury, other federal agencies and mortgage-backed securities 

100,825 

2.62 

1,241,414 

1.94 

156,405 

3.31 

11,028 

2.18 

1,509,672 

2.13 

State and political subdivisions 

656 

1.37 

6,193 

3.78 

1,285 

3.50 

8,134 

3.54 

Asset backed securities 

13,010 

4.91 

13,010 

4.91 

Other securities 

158 

3.16 

7,247 

4.92 

7,405 

4.88 

Total 

101,481 

2.61 

1,247,765 

1.95 

177,947 

3.50 

11,028 

2.18 

1,538,221 

2.17 

Percentage of total 

6.6 

81.1 

11.6 

0.7 

100.0 

Total debt securities 

102,674 

2.60 

1,248,955 

1.95 

177,947 

3.50 

11,028 

2.18 

1,540,604 

2.17 

Percentage of total 

6.6 

81.1 

11.6 

0.7 

100.0 

Yield is on a taxable-equivalent basis using a 21 tax rate. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Loans 
 The Company has historically generated loan growth from both internal originations and bank acquisitions. Total loans held for investment increased 774.1 million, or 12.6 , to 6.9 billion in 2022. Internal loan growth during 2022, net of acquired loans and PPP loans, was approximately 578.0 million, or 8.6 . The acquisition of Worthington also added 257 million in loans. At December 31, 2022, the balance of total PPP loans was 1.1 million, with no unamortized processing fees, compared to 80.4 million, net of unamortized processing fees of 2.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Composition 
 The Company s loan portfolio was diversified among various types of commercial and individual borrowers. Commercial loans were comprised principally of loans to companies in real estate, light manufacturing, retail and service industries. Consumer non-real estate loans were comprised primarily of loans to individuals for automobiles. 
 LOANS HELD FOR INVESTMENT BY CATEGORY 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

906,461 

13.05 

775,554 

12.57 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

1,385,307 

19.95 

1,095,324 

17.75 

Construction and development 

481,070 

6.93 

415,466 

6.74 

Construction residential real estate 

304,432 

4.38 

254,524 

4.13 

Residential real estate first lien 

1,119,706 

16.13 

937,006 

15.19 

Residential real estate all other 

199,005 

2.87 

161,018 

2.61 

Farmland 

261,518 

3.77 

272,179 

4.41 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

1,376,375 

19.82 

1,416,093 

22.95 

Consumer non-real estate 

447,039 

6.44 

413,370 

6.70 

Oil and gas 

462,650 

6.66 

428,908 

6.95 

Total loans 

6,943,563 

100.00 

6,169,442 

100.00 

See Note (1) and Note (5) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures regarding the Company s loans. 
 LOANS BY MATURITY AND INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 
 
 The information relating to the maturity and interest rate sensitivity of loans is based upon contractual maturities and original loan terms. In the ordinary course of business, loans maturing within one year may be renewed, in whole or in part, at interest rates prevailing at the date of renewal. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the maturity distribution of loans held for investment at December 31, 2022. Many of the loans with maturities of one year or less are renewed at existing or similar terms after scheduled principal reductions. Also, approximately 56 of loans had adjustable interest rates at December 31, 2022. 

Loans Maturing 

Within One Year (a) 

After One But Within Five Years 

After Five Years But Within Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

43,648 

241,763 

440,777 

180,273 

906,461 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

177,911 

514,144 

604,488 

88,764 

1,385,307 

Construction and development 

198,110 

201,096 

63,656 

18,208 

481,070 

Construction residential real estate 

285,316 

9,977 

4,050 

5,089 

304,432 

Residential real estate first lien 

72,291 

112,933 

433,114 

501,368 

1,119,706 

Residential real estate all other 

41,918 

76,008 

48,947 

32,132 

199,005 

Farmland 

38,027 

22,529 

91,735 

109,227 

261,518 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

495,753 

547,855 

308,018 

24,749 

1,376,375 

Consumer non-real estate 

51,651 

291,479 

101,573 

2,336 

447,039 

Oil and gas 

247,938 

194,671 

16,292 

3,749 

462,650 

Total loans 

1,652,563 

2,212,455 

2,112,650 

965,895 

6,943,563 

Percentage of total 

23.80 

31.86 

30.43 

13.91 

100.00 

The interest rate composition of loans with a maturity date over one year are presented below based on contractual terms. 

Loans Maturing after One Year 

Predetermined (Fixed) Interest Rate 

Floating Interest Rate 

Total 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

289,305 

573,508 

862,813 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

655,185 

552,211 

1,207,396 

Construction and development 

89,372 

193,588 

282,960 

Construction residential real estate 

11,467 

7,649 

19,116 

Residential real estate first lien 

247,806 

799,609 

1,047,415 

Residential real estate all other 

38,520 

118,567 

157,087 

Farmland 

25,065 

198,426 

223,491 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

486,546 

394,076 

880,622 

Consumer non-real estate 

382,558 

12,830 

395,388 

Oil and gas 

83,644 

131,068 

214,712 

Total 

2,309,468 

2,981,532 

5,291,000 

40 

Table of Contents 

NONPERFORMING AND RESTRUCTURED ASSETS 
 The following table summarizes nonperforming and restructured assets. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

7,085 

4,964 

Nonaccrual (1) 

15,299 

20,892 

Restructured 

2,234 

3,665 

Total nonperforming and restructured loans 

24,618 

29,521 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

36,936 

39,553 

Total nonperforming and restructured assets 

61,554 

69,074 

(1) Government agencies guarantee approximately 4.7 million of nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022. 

Nonperforming and Restructured Assets 
 During 2022, nonperforming and restructured assets decreased 7.5 million to 61.6 million. The Company s level of nonperforming and restructured assets has continued to be relatively low, equating to 0.50 and 0.73 of total assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Nonaccrual loans decreased 5.6 million in 2022 due to resolution of several loans. The Company s nonaccrual loans are primarily commercial and agricultural non-real estate. Nonaccrual loans negatively impact the Company s net interest margin. A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, the future collectability of both interest and principal is in serious doubt. Interest income is not recognized until the principal balance is fully collected. However, if the full collection of the remaining principal balance is not in doubt, interest income is recognized on certain of these loans on a cash basis. Had nonaccrual loans performed in accordance with their original contractual terms, the Company would have recognized additional interest income of 1.3 million for 2022, 2.2 million for 2021 and 2.8 million for 2020. Only a small amount of this interest is expected to be ultimately collected. Approximately 4.7 million of nonaccrual loans are guaranteed by government agencies as of December 31, 2022. 
 Restructured loans decreased 1.4 million in 2022 due primarily to the overall improvement in the asset quality of the loans. The Company charges interest on principal balances outstanding during deferral periods. As a result, the current and future financial effects of the recorded balance of loans considered troubled debt restructurings whose terms were modified during the period were not considered material. 
 The classification of a loan as nonperforming does not necessarily indicate that loan principal and interest will ultimately be uncollectible; although, in an economic downturn, the Company s experience has been that the level of collections declines. The above normal risk associated with nonperforming loans has been considered in the determination of the allowance for credit losses. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonperforming and restructured loans was 376.67 , compared to 284.33 , at the end of 2021. The level of nonperforming loans and credit losses could rise over time as a result of adverse economic conditions. 
 Other real estate owned OREO and repossessed assets decreased 2.6 million in 2022. OREO consists of properties acquired through foreclosure proceedings or acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure and premises held for sale. These properties are carried at the lower of the book values of the related loans or fair values based upon appraisals, less estimated costs to sell. Write-downs arising at the time of reclassification of such properties from loans to OREO are charged directly to the allowance for credit losses. Any losses on bank premises designated to be sold are charged to operating expense at the time of transfer from premises to OREO. Decreases in values of properties subsequent to their classification as OREO are charged to operating expense. The Company's write-downs in OREO totaled 3.7 million for 2022, 538,000 for 2021 and 558,000 for 2020. 
 OREO included a commercial real estate property recorded at 29.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 29.5 million at December 31, 2021. Rental income for this property is included in other noninterest income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Operating expense for this property is included in net expense from OREO in other noninterest expense on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

This property had the following rental income and operating expenses for the periods presented. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Rental income 

10,340 

9,975 

Operating expense 

9,863 

8,727 

The Company's total rental income from OREO was 10.9 million in 2022 compared to 10.3 million in 2021 and 16,000 in 2020. In addition, the Company's total OREO holding expense was 10.5 million in 2022 compared to 9.2 million in 2021 and 313,000 in 2020. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses/Fair Value Adjustments on Acquired Loans 
 
 The Company determines its provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses using the expected loss methodology that is referred to as the CECL model. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses to total loans represented 1.33 of total loans, compared to 1.36 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for credit losses during 2022 was related to the additional allowance for credit losses required for newly acquired loans and loan growth. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses during 2021 was driven by a reversal of a pandemic-related provision during 2021 based on sustained improvements in the economy, both nationally and in the Company's markets, which reduced the amount of expected credit losses within the loan portfolio. This reduction was partially offset by additional allowance for credit losses required for newly acquired loans. 
 
 The overall credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio has remained strong. Net charge-offs were 1.3 million and 7.0 million for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of net loan charge-offs is relatively low, equating to 0.02 and 0.11 of average total loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If unforeseen adverse changes occur in the national or local economy, or in the credit markets, it would be reasonable to expect that the allowance for credit losses would increase in future periods. 
 ANALYSIS OF ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 The following table is a break-out of the allowance for credit losses: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

6,412 

7,568 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

30,192 

16,987 

Construction and development 

3,778 

3,490 

Construction residential real estate 

3,276 

1,092 

Residential real estate first lien 

4,098 

3,076 

Residential real estate all other 

1,845 

2,104 

Farmland 

3,510 

4,822 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

27,311 

28,085 

Consumer non-real estate 

4,135 

3,734 

Oil and gas 

8,171 

12,978 

Total 

92,728 

83,936 

42 

Table of Contents 

The following table is a break-out of net charge-offs/(recoveries) and the break-out of the percent of average loans in each category: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

of Avg Loans 

Amount 

of Avg Loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

(487) 

0.00 

(36) 

0.00 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

736 

0.01 

Construction and development 

81 

(12) 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

19 

32 

Residential real estate all other 

(367) 

469 

0.01 

Farmland 

888 

0.01 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

1,534 

0.02 

4,424 

0.07 

Consumer non-real estate 

575 

538 

0.01 

Oil and gas 

Total 

1,355 

0.02 

7,039 

0.11 

The fair value adjustment on acquired loans can consist of a credit component and a rate component to adjust for estimated credit exposures in the acquired loans. The credit component of the adjustment was a 2.2 million discount at December 31, 2022 and a 1.1 million discount at December 31, 2021. The rate component was 738,000 at December 31 2022. These fair value adjustments will be accreted to income over the remaining life of the loans. The acquired loans outstanding were 263.5 million and 312.0 million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Intangible Assets, Goodwill and Other Assets 
 Identifiable intangible assets and goodwill totaled 202.0 million and 167.5 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The increase in goodwill and intangible assets in 2022 was due to the acquisition of Worthington Bank on February 8, 2022, which added 5.9 million of core deposit intangibles and 32.1 million of goodwill. See Note (2) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding the Company s recent developments, including mergers and acquisitions. 
 Other assets includes the cash surrender value of key-man life insurance policies totaling 82.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 81.4 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Equity securities are reported in other assets on the balance sheet. The Company invests in equity securities without readily determinable fair values. These equity securities are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The realized and unrealized gains and losses are reported as securities transactions in the noninterest income section of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The balance of equity securities was 15.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 10.6 million at December 31, 2021. The Company reviews its portfolio of equity securities for impairment at least quarterly. 
 
 The balance of other assets included equity interests of previous borrowers in the oil and gas industry, which were received through bankruptcy proceedings, which totaled 21.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 16.4 million at December 31, 2021. Under the equity method, the carrying value of a bank s investment in an investee is originally recorded at cost but is adjusted periodically to record as 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

income the bank s proportionate share of the investee s earnings or losses and decreased by the amount of cash dividends or similar distributions received from the investee. 
 Low Income Housing and New Market Tax Credit Investments 
 During 2022, there have not been any material changes in the Company s low income housing tax credit investments and new market tax credit investments, which are included in other assets on the Company s balance sheet. See Note (6) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding these investments. 
 Liquidity and Funding 
 The Company s principal source of liquidity and funding is its broad deposit base generated from customer relationships. The availability of deposits is affected by economic conditions, competition with other financial institutions and alternative investments available to customers. Through interest rates paid, service charge levels and services offered, the Company can affect its level of deposits to a limited extent. The level and maturity of funding necessary to support the Company s lending and investment functions is determined through the Company s asset/liability management process. The Company currently does not rely heavily on long-term borrowings and does not utilize brokered CDs. The Company maintains federal funds lines of credit with other banks and could also utilize the sale of loans, securities and liquidation of other assets as sources of liquidity and funding. 
 Historically, BancFirst has more liquidity than its peers do. This liquidity positions BancFirst to respond to increased loan demand and other requirements for funds, or to decreases in funding sources. The liquidity of BancFirst Corporation, however, is dependent upon dividend payments from BancFirst and its ability to obtain financing. Banking regulations limit bank dividends based upon net earnings retained by BancFirst and minimum capital requirements. Dividends in excess of these limits require regulatory approval. At January 1, 2023, BancFirst had approximately 185.1 million of equity available for dividends to BancFirst Corporation without regulatory approval. During 2022, BancFirst declared four common stock dividends totaling 54.4 million, two preferred stock dividends totaling 1.9 million and two special dividends totaling 30.8 million. There are no near term plans for Pegasus or Worthington to pay dividends to BancFirst Corporation. 
 Deposits 
 Total deposits increased 2.9 billion to 11.0 billion, an increase of 35.6 in 2022. The increase in deposits during 2022 was predominantly driven by customer deposits that remained in the bank and that had previously been swept into off-balance sheet money market accounts at year-end 2021. The Company s core deposits provide it with a stable, low-cost funding source. The Company s core deposits as a percentage of total deposits was 98.1 at December 31, 2022 and 98.2 December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits were 45.1 at December 31, 2022, compared to 46.7 at December 31, 2021. 
 In addition, off-balance sheet sweep accounts totaled 3.7 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 5.1 billion at December 31, 2021, which included a temporary sweep amount of 2.3 billion. Our sweep accounts affect the balances of our year-end assets and deposits. 
 ANALYSIS OF AVERAGE DEPOSITS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Average Balances 

Demand deposits 

5,097,813 

4,437,352 

Interest-bearing transaction deposits 

957,719 

848,535 

Savings deposits 

4,280,052 

3,736,901 

Time deposits 

672,179 

654,801 

Total deposits 

11,007,763 

9,677,589 

44 

Table of Contents 

PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL AVERAGE DEPOSITS AND AVERAGE RATES PAID 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

of Total 

Rate 

of Total 

Rate 

Demand deposits 

46.31 

45.85 

Interest-bearing transaction deposits 

8.70 

0.21 

8.77 

0.07 

Savings deposits 

38.88 

0.83 

38.61 

0.11 

Time deposits 

6.11 

0.64 

6.77 

0.54 

Total deposits 

100.00 

100.00 

Average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits 

0.71 

0.16 

MATURITY OF TIME DEPOSITS 
 The following table shows the maturity of time deposits that are in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's insurance limit: 

December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Three months or less 

47,908 

Over three months through six months 

55,975 

Over six months through twelve months 

81,233 

Over twelve months 

29,401 

Total 

214,517 

At December 31, 2022, 86.3 of the Company s time deposits greater than 250,000 mature in one year or less. 
 Subordinated Debt 
 On June 17, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, of 60 million aggregate principal amount of 3.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2036 Subordinated Notes to various institutional accredited investors. See Note (11) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete discussion of the Company s subordinated debt. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 See Note (9) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of short-term borrowings. 
 Lines of Credit 
 See Note (10) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company s lines of credit. 
 Capital Resources 
 Stockholders equity totaled 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. In addition to net income of 193.1 million, other changes in stockholders equity during the year ended December 31, 2022 included 7.6 million related to common stock issuances and 1.9 million related to stock-based compensation, that were partially offset by 49.9 million in dividends, and a 73.7 million decrease in other comprehensive income. The Company s average stockholders equity to average assets for 2022 was 9.67 compared to 10.32 for 2021. The Company s leverage ratio and total risk-based capital ratios at December 31, 2022 were well in excess of the regulatory requirements. Banking institutions are generally expected to maintain capital well above the minimum levels. The Company s trust preferred securities have continued to be included in Tier 1 capital, as the Company s total assets do not exceed 15 billion. The Company s Subordinated Notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital under bank regulatory guidelines. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

See Note (15) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of capital ratio requirements. 
 See Note (11) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding the Company s Subordinated Debt. 
 On August 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which became effective upon filing with the SEC. Under the shelf registration, the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, an indeterminate amount of its common stock in one or more future offerings. 
 The Company has had a Stock Repurchase Program (the SRP since November 1999. The SRP may be used as a means to increase earnings per share and return on equity, to purchase treasury stock for the exercise of stock options or for distributions under the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, to provide liquidity for optionees to dispose of stock from exercises of their stock options and to provide liquidity for stockholders wishing to sell their stock. All shares repurchased under the SRP have been retired and not held as treasury stock. The timing, price and amount of stock repurchases under the SRP may be determined by management and approved by the Company s Executive Committee. At December 31, 2022, up to 500,486 shares could be repurchased under the SRP. No shares were repurchased for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 212,296 shares of its common stock for 11.7 million at an average price of 54.94 per share under the SRP. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased 59,284 shares of its common stock for 3.1 million at an average price of 52.26 per share under the SRP. 
 Future dividend payments will be determined by the Company s Board of Directors considering the earnings, financial condition and capital needs of the Company, BancFirst, Pegasus, Worthington, applicable governmental policies and regulations and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. While no assurance can be given as to the Company s ability to pay dividends, management believes that, based upon the anticipated performance of the Company, regular dividend payments will continue in 2023. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 See Note (18) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding the Company s related party transactions. 
 Liquidity Risk and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Liquidity is the ability to meet financial obligations through the maturity or sale of existing assets or the acquisition of additional funds. Various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commercial commitments, may require future cash payments by the Company. Certain obligations are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, while others are off-balance sheet under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company currently has 7.20 Junior Subordinated Debentures, Subordinated Notes, operating lease payments, time deposit payments and low income housing partnership commitments. The Company s time deposits require the majority of cash obligations in the next twelve months. The Company s 7.20 Junior Subordinated Debentures mature on March 31, 2034. The Company's Subordinated Notes mature on June 30, 2036. The Company has consistently generated positive net income and the Company currently expects to have positive net income for 2023. Management does not currently know of any trends that would cause the Company to be unable to provide for current obligations in the next twelve months. 
 Refer to Notes 6, 8, 11, 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these contractual obligations. 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include loan commitments and standby letters of credit, which involve elements of credit and interest-rate risk to varying degrees. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the instrument is represented by the instrument s contractual amount. To control this credit risk, the Company uses the same underwriting standards as it uses for loans recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company had 2.6 billion and 2.1 billion in loan commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had 72.2 million and 82.8 million in stand-by letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan commitments are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Stand-by letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These instruments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since many of the instruments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amounts do not necessarily represent commitments that will be funded in the future. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and other relevant market rates and prices, such as equity prices. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. Due to the nature of its operations, the Company is primarily exposed to interest rate risk arising principally from its lending, investing, deposit and borrowing activities and, to a lesser extent, liquidity risk. 
 Interest rate risk on the Company s consolidated balance sheet consists of repricing, option and basis risks. Repricing risk results from the differences in the maturity or repricing of asset and liability portfolios. Option risk arises from embedded options present in many financial instruments such as loan prepayment options, deposit early withdrawal options and interest rate options. These options allow customers opportunities to benefit when market interest rates change, which typically results in higher costs or lower revenue for the Company. Basis risk refers to the potential for changes in the underlying relationship between market rates and indices, which subsequently result in a narrowing of the profit spread on an earning asset or liability. Basis risk is also present in administered rate liabilities, such as savings accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts and money market accounts where historical pricing relationships to market rates may change due to the level or directional change in market interest rates. 
 The Company seeks to reduce volatility in its net interest margin and net interest income through periods of changing interest rates. Accordingly, the Company s interest rate sensitivity and liquidity are monitored on an ongoing basis by its Asset and Liability Committee ALCO ). The ALCO establishes risk measures, limits and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. A variety of tools are used to evaluate the magnitude of interest rate risk, the distribution of risk, the level of risk over time and the exposure to changes in certain interest rate relationships. The ALCO also utilizes an earnings simulation model as a quantitative tool in measuring the amount of interest rate risk associated with changing market rates. The model quantifies the effects of various interest rate scenarios on projected net interest income over the next 12 months. These simulations incorporate assumptions regarding changes in interest rates and the maturity and repricing of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The ALCO uses gap analysis to monitor interest rate sensitivity based on the maturity and repricing frequencies of its earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. This analysis indicates that the Company s position is asset-sensitive, with a positive gap of 327 million for the zero to 12-month interval at December 31, 2022, which was 2.64 of total assets, compared to a positive gap of 423 million for the zero to 12-month interval at December 31, 2021, which was 5.45 of total assets. 
 The ALCO continuously monitors and manages the balance between interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. The objective is to manage the impact of fluctuating market rates on net interest income within acceptable levels. In order to meet this objective, management may lengthen or shorten the duration of assets or liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the model simulations projected that a 100 and 200 basis point increase would result in positive variance in net interest income of 0.53 and 1.07 , respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months. 
 The following table presents the Company s financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates, their expected maturities and their estimated fair values at December 31, 2022. 

Avg. 

Expected Maturity / Principal Repayments at December 31, 

Rate 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Balance 

Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Interest Sensitive Assets 

Loans held for investment 

5.09 

3,181,592 

869,118 

772,007 

751,506 

608,719 

760,621 

6,943,563 

6,656,483 

Debt securities 

1.89 

102,793 

347,853 

337,402 

306,594 

326,220 

213,412 

1,634,274 

1,540,604 

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits 

1.71 

2,912,711 

2,912,711 

2,912,711 

Interest Sensitive Liabilities 

Savings and transaction deposits 

0.72 

5,316,444 

5,316,444 

5,299,611 

Time deposits 

0.64 

553,052 

84,859 

33,509 

21,591 

19,902 

141 

713,054 

699,636 

Short-term borrowings 

1.39 

300 

300 

300 

Subordinated debt 

4.79 

86,044 

86,044 

82,385 

Off Balance Sheet Items 

Loan commitments 

4,598 

Letters of credit 

542 

The expected maturities and principal repayments are based upon the contractual terms of the instruments. Debt securities are stated at par value. Prepayments have been estimated for certain instruments with predictable prepayment rates. Savings and transaction deposits are assumed to mature all in the first year as they are not subject to withdrawal restrictions and any assumptions regarding decay rates would be very subjective. The actual maturities and principal repayments for the financial instruments could vary substantially from the contractual terms and assumptions used in the analysis. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statement s a nd Supplementary Data. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 BancFirst Corporation 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BancFirst Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: 1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and 2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As more fully described in Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements, the allowance for credit losses loans (ACL) estimates lifetime expected credit losses for loans. The estimate of ACL considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans evaluated individually are not included in the collective evaluation. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses of loans on a pool basis when the loans share similar characteristics. Historical loss rates are analyzed and applied to their respective loan segments comprised of loans not subject to individual evaluation. The Company utilizes 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

a methodology known as vintage loss analysis for substantially all its loan portfolio. Vintage loss analysis measures impairment based on the age of the accounts and the historical asset performance of assets with similar risk characteristics. Vintage loss analysis accounts for expected losses by calculating the cumulative loss rates of a given loan pool over the expected pool s life. Historical loss rates are adjusted for significant factors that, in management s judgment, reflect the impact of current conditions on loss recognition and certain known model limitations. Forecast factors are developed based on information obtained from external sources and consideration of other internal information. They are included in the ACL model for a reasonable and supportable forecast period, with loss factors reverting to historical loss rates. Management continually re-evaluates the other subjective and forecast factors in its ACL analysis. 
 
 We identified the valuation of the ACL as a critical audit matter. The primary reason for our determination that the ACL is a critical audit matter is that auditing the estimated ACL involved significant judgment and complex review. Auditing the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as segmentation, weighted average life calculations, assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors, and assessment of forecast factors. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, which involves a high degree of subjectivity. We evaluated management s process to assess economic conditions and other environmental factors, adequacy of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans, appropriateness of loan grades, and other data used to calculate and estimate the various components of the ACL. 
 
 Our primary audit procedures related to the ACL included the following, among others: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls, including those related to technology, over the ACL, including data completeness and accuracy; classifications of loans by loan pool; verification of historical net loss data and calculated net loss rates; the establishment of qualitative and economic forecast adjustments, loan grades, and risk classification of loans; and establishment of specific allocations associated with individually evaluated loans; 

Testing of completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in the ACL; 

Testing the model s computational accuracy; 

Evaluating the relevance and reliability of data and assumptions used in the estimate; 

Evaluating the qualitative and economic forecast adjustments to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions; 

Testing the internal loan review function and evaluating the reasonableness of loan grades and specific allocations, if any; 

Assessing the reasonableness of specific allocations associated with individually evaluated loans. 

Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of Topic 326 disclosures in the financial statements. 

/s/ 
 (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Federal funds sold 

Debt securities held for investment (fair value: and , respectively) 

Debt securities available for sale at fair value 

Loans held for sale 

Loans held for investment (net of unearned interest) 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 

Premises and equipment, net 

Other real estate owned 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Subordinated debt 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 19) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Senior preferred stock, par; shares authorized; issued 

Cumulative preferred stock, par; shares authorized; issued 

Common stock, par, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: and , respectively 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income tax benefit/(expense) of and ), respectively 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

INTEREST INCOME 

Loans, including fees 

Debt securities: 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Federal funds sold 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Total interest income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (benefit from) credit losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision for (benefit from) credit losses 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Trust revenue 

Service charges on deposits 

Securities transactions (includes accumulated other comprehensive income reclassifications of , and , respectively) 

() 

() 

Income from sales of loans 

Insurance commissions 

Cash management 

Gain on sale of other assets 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy, net 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Data processing services 

Net expense/(income) from other real estate owned 

() 

Marketing and business promotion 

Deposit insurance 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/GAIN 

Unrealized (losses)/gains on securities, net of tax benefit/(expense) of , and ), respectively 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of tax expense of ), and , respectively 

Other comprehensive (loss)/gain, net of tax benefit/(expense) of , and ), respectively 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

COMMON STOCK 

Issued at beginning of period 

Shares issued for stock options 

Shares acquired and canceled 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issued at end of period 

CAPITAL SURPLUS 

Balance at beginning of period 

Common stock issued for stock options 

Net cash settlement of options 

() 

Stock-based compensation arrangements 

Balance at end of period 

RETAINED EARNINGS 

Balance at beginning of period 

Net income 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax of in 2020 (Note 15) 

Dividends on common stock , and per share, respectively) 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash settlement of options 

() 

Common stock acquired and canceled 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Unrealized gains/(losses) on securities: 

Balance at beginning of period 

Net change 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOW 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for (benefit from) credit losses 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net amortization of securities premiums and discounts 

() 

Realized securities losses (gains) 

() 

Gain on sales of loans 

() 

() 

() 

Cash receipts from the sale of loans originated for sale 

Cash disbursements for loans originated for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Gain on sale of other assets 

() 

() 

() 

(Increase)/decrease in interest receivable 

() 

() 

Increase/(decrease) in interest payable 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation arrangements 

Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net cash received from acquisitions, net of cash paid 

Net cash paid from sale of assets and liabilities, net of cash received 

() 

Net decrease in federal funds sold 

Purchases of held for investment debt securities 

() 

() 

Purchases of available for sale debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of held for investment debt securities 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of available for sale debt securities 

Proceeds from sales of available for sale debt securities 

Purchase of equity securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from paydowns and sales of equity securities 

Net change in loans 

() 

() 

Net receipts (payments) on derivative asset contracts 

() 

() 

Purchases of premises, equipment and computer software 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net change in deposits 

() 

Net change in short-term borrowings 

() 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

Paydown of long-term borrowings 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with stock options, net 

Common stock acquired 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes, net of debt issuance costs 

Net cash settlement of options 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, due from banks and interest-bearing deposits 

() 

Cash, due from banks and interest-bearing deposits at the beginning of the period 

Cash, due from banks and interest-bearing deposits at the end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Cash consideration for acquisitions 

Fair value of assets acquired in acquisitions 

Liabilities assumed in acquisitions 

Unpaid common stock dividends declared 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

credit losses against its debt securities portfolio, as the credit risk is not material. The Company does not engage in securities trading activities. The Company invests in equity securities without readily determinable fair values and utilizes Level 3 inputs. These securities are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The realized and unrealized gains and losses are reported as securities transactions in the noninterest income section of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Equity securities are reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company reviews its portfolio of equity securities for impairment at least quarterly. 
 unless the collateral margin or guarantor support are such that full collection of principal and interest are not in doubt and an orderly plan for collection is in process. The Company also suspends interest recognition on any other loan for which it is more likely than not that future contractual payments will not be collected. Interest income on consumer and commercial loans is discontinued and placed on nonaccrual status at the time the loan is delinquent unless the loan is well secured and in process of collection. Consumer loans are charged off at past due and commercial loans are charged off to the extent principal or interest is deemed uncollectible. Past-due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. The amount of interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual and reversed against interest income was , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Under the cost-recovery method, interest income is not recognized until the loan balance is reduced to zero. Under the cash-basis method, interest income is recorded when the payment is received in cash. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Troubled debt restructurings are loans on which, due to the borrower s financial difficulties, the Company has granted a concession that the Company would not otherwise consider for borrowers of similar credit quality. This may include a transfer of real estate or other assets from the borrower, a modification of loan terms, or a combination of the two. Modifications of terms that could potentially qualify as a restructuring include reduction of contractual interest rate, extension of the maturity date at a contractual interest rate lower than the current rate for new debt with similar risk, and a reduction of the face amount of debt or forgiveness of either principal or accrued interest. A loan continues to qualify as restructured until a consistent payment history or change in the borrower s financial condition has been evidenced, generally for no less than twelve months. If the restructuring agreement specifies an interest rate at the time of the restructuring that is greater than or equal to the rate that the Company is willing to accept for a new extension of credit with comparable risk, then the loan is no longer considered a restructured loan if it is in compliance with the modified terms in calendar years after the year of restructure. Residential real estate loans are made in accordance with underwriting policies and are fully documented. Credit worthiness is assessed based on significant credit characteristics including credit history and residential and employment stability. The Company does not engage in any hybrid loan programs. In addition, the Company does not have any exposure to loans with negative amortization, interest rate carryover or discounting of the initial rates (teaser rates). An updated appraisal of the collateral is obtained when a loan is first identified as a problem loan. Appraisals are reviewed annually and are updated as needed or are updated more frequently if significant changes are believed to have occurred in the collateral or market conditions. Appraisals of other real estate owned are also reviewed and updated consistent with this policy. When a loan deteriorates to the point that the account officer or the Loan Committee concludes it no longer represents a viable asset, it will be charged off. Similarly, any portion of a loan that is deemed to no longer be a viable asset will be charged off. A loan will not be charged off unless such action has been approved by the branch President. 

days of origination. Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Gains or losses recognized upon the sale of the loans are determined on a specific identification basis. The Company does not sell residential mortgage loans with recourse other than obligations under standard representations and warranties or for fraud. These obligations relate to loan performance for the life of the loan. The amount of loans repurchased since the inception of the program is not considered to be material, and therefore, no reserve has been required. 

of the available for sale debt securities held by the Company were issued by the U.S. Treasury, or U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies. 
 to lenders based on the volume of the PPP loans disbursed. The fee was based on the balance of each PPP loan outstanding at the time of full disbursement. The Company received processing fees from the SBA of million in 2021 and million in 2020. The unamortized balance of these fees on each loan is reported on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as part of the loan balance to which it relates and is recognized over the remaining life of the loan as an adjustment of yield. The unamortized balances of these fees was and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 days or over unless the collateral margin or guarantor support are such that full collection of principal and interest are not in doubt, and an orderly plan for collection is in process; and (2) any other loan for which it is expected full collection of principal and interest is not probable. A nonaccrual loan may be restored to an accrual status when none of its principal and interest are past due and unpaid or otherwise becomes well secured and in the process of collection and when prospects for collection of future contractual payments are no longer in doubt. With the exception of a formal debt forgiveness agreement, no loan which has had principal charged-off shall be restored to accrual status unless the charged-off principal has been recovered. 

and customer relationship intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of three to . Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated at a reporting unit level at least annually for impairment, or more frequently if other indicators of impairment are present. At least annually in the fourth quarter, intangible assets are evaluated for possible impairment. Impairment losses are measured by comparing the fair values of the intangible assets with their recorded amounts. Any impairment losses are reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 million. Advertising costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. 

Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are when incurred when the amortization period is one year or less. Sales of real estate The sale of real estate property is generally recognized, along with any associated gain or loss, when control of the property transfers to the buyer. Service and transaction fees on depository accounts Customers often pay certain fees to the bank to access the cash on deposit including certain non-transactional fees such as account maintenance or dormancy fees, and certain transaction-based fees such as non-sufficient funds fees, overdraft, ATM, wire transfer, or foreign exchange fees. Interchange Fees Interchange fees, or swipe fees, are charges that merchants pay to the processors who, in turn, share that revenue with us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Interchange fees represent the portion of the debit card transaction amount that the card issuer retains to compensate it for processing transactions and providing rewards. Interchange fees are settled and recognized on a daily or monthly basis. Insurance Commissions and Fees Insurance commissions are received on the sale of insurance products, and revenue is recognized upon the placement date of the insurance policies or when such commissions are received. Payment is normally received within the policy period. In addition to placement, the Company also provides insurance policy related risk management services. Revenue is recognized as these services are provided. Performance-based commissions are recognized when received or earlier when, upon consideration of past results and current condition, the revenue is deemed not probable of reversal. For accounts billed by BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc., commission revenue is recognized at the later of the billing date or the effective date of the related insurance policies. Commission revenue, for accounts that are directly billed by the insurance company to the insured, is recognized when determinable by BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc., which is generally when such commissions are received. BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc. also receives contingent commissions from insurance companies as additional incentive for achieving specified premium volume goals and/or loss experience parameters relating to the insurance they place. Contingent commissions from insurance companies are recognized when determinable, which is generally when such commissions are received. Trust 

million. Worthington is chartered and regulated by the Texas State Banking Department with banking location in Arlington, Texas, in Colleyville, Texas and in Fort Worth, Texas. At acquisition, Worthington had approximately million in total assets, million in loans and million in deposits. Worthington will continue to operate under a separate charter and remain a separate subsidiary of BancFirst Corporation governed by its existing board of directors. BancFirst Corporation intends to provide an appropriate amount of capital or other support to increase Worthington s ability to approve larger loans and allow Worthington to continue to grow earning assets. As a result of the acquisition, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible of million and goodwill of million. The Company did not incur a material amount of acquisition-related expenses. The effect of this acquisition was included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company from the date of acquisition forward. Pro forma information has not been presented because the acquisition did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The acquisition of Worthington complements the Company by expanding its Texas presence in the Dallas-Fort Worth market. On June 17, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, of million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due (the Subordinated Notes to various institutional accredited investors. See Note (11) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete discussion of the Company s subordinated debt. On May 20, 2021, the Company purchased approximately million in total assets, which included million in loans, and assumed million in deposits and certain other obligations, from The First National Bank and Trust Company of Vinita, Oklahoma for a purchase price of million. The Company recorded a bargain purchase gain related to this purchase of million, which is included in other noninteres t income on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and other operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flow. The bargain purchase gain is a noncash item on the consolidated statement of cash flow. In addition, the Company recorded expenses related to this purchase of million, which are included in noninterest expense. As a result of the purchase, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible of million. The effect of this purchase was included in the consolidated financial statement of the Company from the date of purchase forward. The purchase did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The First National Bank and Trust Company of Vinita was a nationally chartered bank with banking locations in Vinita and Grove, Oklahoma. On January 22, 2021, the Company sold million in loans and million in deposits from its Hugo, Oklahoma branch to AmeriState Bank in Atoka, Oklahoma. The Company recorded a gain on the transaction of million, which is included in noninterest income. 

States and political subdivisions 

Other securities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Mortgage backed securities (1) 

States and political subdivisions 

Other securities 

Total 

() 

U.S. federal agencies 

() 

Mortgage backed securities (1) 

() 

States and political subdivisions 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

Other securities 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. treasuries 

() 

U.S. federal agencies 

() 

Mortgage backed securities (1) 

() 

States and political subdivisions 

() 

Asset backed securities 

Other securities 

() 

Total 

() 

(1) Primarily consists of FHLMC, FNMA, GNMA and mortgage backed securities through U.S. agencies. 

On January 10, 2022, the Company purchased United States Treasury Notes of million par value with an average yield of and an average maturity of months. On August 25, 2022, the Company purchased United States Treasury Notes of million par value with an average yield of and an average maturity of months. 

After one year but within five years 

After five years but within ten years 

After ten years 

Total 

Available for Sale 

Contractual maturity of debt securities: 

Within one year 

After one year but within five years 

After five years but within ten years 

After ten years 

Total debt securities 

Gross losses realized 

In March 2022, the Company sold million of debt securities with an average yield of , the proceeds of which were subsequently reinvested in million of debt securities with an average yield of . The Company used specific identification to reclassify the unrealized loss in other comprehensive income to a realized loss, as shown in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. There were sales of securities and therefore proceeds from sales or realized securities losses on available for sale debt securities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Realized gains/losses on debt and equity securities are reported as securities transactions within the noninterest income section of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 

U.S. federal agencies 

Mortgage backed securities 

States and political subdivisions 

Asset backed securities 

Other securities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Available for Sale 

U.S. treasuries 

U.S. federal agencies 

Mortgage backed securities 

States and political subdivisions 

Other securities 

Total 

Management has the ability and intent to hold the debt securities classified as held for investment until they mature, at which time the Company will receive full value for the debt securities. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also had the ability and intent to hold the debt securities classified as available for sale for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of cost. The unrealized losses are due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying debt securities were purchased. The fair value of those debt securities having unrealized losses is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date, or if market yields for such investments decline. Management has no intent or requirement to sell before the recovery of the unrealized loss; therefore, no significant impairment loss was realized in the Company s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate (2) 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total loans (1) 

(1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, that is recorded in accrued interest receivable and other assets. 

(2) Includes PPP loans held for investment of million, net of unamortized processing fees of at December 31, 2022 and million, net of unamortized processing fees of million at December 31, 2021. 

In April 2020, the Company began originating loans to qualified small businesses under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the SBA. Since PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA, there is no expected credit loss related to these loans. The Company had processing fees, which were recognized as interest income related to the PPP loans totaling million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company's loans are currently held by BancFirst and held by Pegasus and Worthington. In addition, approximately of the Company's loans are secured by real estate. Credit risk on loans is managed through limits on amounts loaned to individual and related borrowers, underwriting standards and loan monitoring procedures. The amounts and types of collateral obtained, if any, to secure loans are based upon the Company s underwriting standards and management s credit evaluation. Collateral varies, but may include real estate, equipment, accounts receivable, inventory, livestock and securities. The Company s interest in collateral is secured through filing mortgages and liens, and in some cases, by possession of the collateral. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

These portfolio segments are separately identified because they exhibit distinctive risk characteristics, such as financial asset types, loan purpose, collateral, and industry of the borrower. A summary of our primary portfolio segments is as follows: Commercial real estate owner occupied. Commercial real estate owner occupied are nonresidential property loans for which the primary source of repayment is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the entity, or an affiliate of the entity, who owns the property. This category includes, among other loans, loans secured by office buildings, garden office buildings, manufacturing facilities, warehouse and flex warehouse facilities, hospitals, and car washes unless the property is owned by an investor who leases the property to the operator who, in turn, is not related to or affiliated with the investor. Commercial real estate non-owner occupied. Commercial real estate non-owner occupied are nonresidential property loans where the primary source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. This category includes, among other loans, loans secured by shopping centers, office buildings, hotels/motels, nursing homes, assisted-living facilities, mini-storage warehouse facilities, and similar properties. Construction and development Construction residential real estate Residential real estate first lien. Residential real estate first lien loans includes all closed-end loans secured by first liens on 1-to-4 family residential properties. This category includes property containing 1-to-4 dwelling units (including vacation homes) or more than four dwelling units if each is separated from other units by dividing walls that extend from ground to roof. This category also includes individual condominium dwelling units and loans secured by an interest in individual cooperative housing units, even if in a building with five or more dwelling units. Residential real estate all other. Residential real estate all other loans includes loans secured by junior (i.e., other than first) liens on 1-to-4 family residential properties. This category includes loans secured by junior liens even if the Company also holds a loan secured by a first lien on the same 1-to-4 family residential property. Farmland. This category includes loans secured by all land known to be used or usable for agricultural purposes, such as crop and livestock production. Farmland includes grazing or pasture land, whether tillable or not and whether wooded or not. Commercial and agricultural non-real estate. Commercial and agricultural non-real estate represent loans for working capital, facilities acquisition or expansion, purchase of equipment and other needs of commercial customers primarily located within Oklahoma. Loans in this category include commercial and industrial, agriculture and state and political subdivisions. Consumer non-real estate. Consumer loans are loans to individuals for household, family and other personal expenditures. Commonly, such loans are made to finance purchases of consumer goods, such as automobiles, boats, household goods, vacations and education. Oil and gas. Oil and gas loans represent loans for producing oil and gas properties and any other mineral interests that may be pumped, mined, quarried or otherwise extracted from the earth. These loans also include upstream and midstream energy loans, and loans to companies that provide ancillary services to the energy industry, such as transportation, wellsite preparation contractors and equipment manufacturers. Troubled Debt Restructurings, Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed Assets and Held for Sale Assets 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

The Company charges interest on principal balances outstanding on troubled debt restructurings during deferral periods. The current and future financial effects of the recorded balance of loans considered to be troubled debt restructurings were not considered to be material. Other real estate owned included a commercial real estate property recorded at million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Rental income for this property is included in other noninterest income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Operating expense for this property is included in net expense from other real estate owned in the noninterest expense section on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

Operating expense 

At December 31, 2021, other real estate owned also included million related to the Company's previous headquarters. The previous headquarters was sold during the second quarter of 2022. During 2022, the Company sold property held in other real estate owned for a total gain of million compared to gains of in 2021 and million in 2020. During 2022, the Company wrote down property held in other real estate owned for a total of million compared to write downs of in 2021 and in 2020. Nonaccrual loans The Company did t recognize any interest income on nonaccrual loans for any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, there were nonaccrual loans for which there was no related allowance for credit losses at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Had nonaccrual loans performed in accordance with their original contractual terms, the Company would have recognized additional interest income of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Nonaccrual loans guaranteed by government agencies totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total 

Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company had million in modified loans as of December 31, 2022 and million in modified loans as of December 31, 2021, most of which were secured by commercial real estate. These modifications were undertaken in response to Section 4013 of the CARES Act and the regulatory intent outlined in the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications by Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus and to provide businesses financial flexibility until the economy has time to recover to a more normal level of activity. However, these modifications, which typically involve payment modifications and forbearance, also have the effect of delaying recognition of loans that may ultimately be permanently impaired. These modified loans are included in Current Loans in the table above. Credit Quality Indicators The Company considers credit quality indicators to monitor the credit risk in the loan portfolio including volume and severity of loan delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, internal grading of loans, historical credit loss experience and economic conditions. These indicators are reviewed and updated regularly throughout the year. An internal risk grading system is used to indicate the credit risk of loans. The loan grades used by the Company are for internal risk identification purposes and do not directly correlate to regulatory classification categories or any financial reporting definitions. The general characteristics of the risk grades are as follows: Grade 1 Acceptable - Loans graded 1 represent reasonable and satisfactory credit risk which requires normal attention and supervision. Capacity to repay through primary and/or secondary sources is not questioned. Grade 2 Acceptable - Increased Attention - This category consists of loans that have credit characteristics deserving management s close attention. These complexities or potential weaknesses could result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or the Company's credit position at some future date. Such credit characteristics include loans to highly leveraged borrowers in cyclical industries, adverse financial trends which could potentially weaken repayment capacity, loans that have fundamental structure complexity or deficiencies, loans lacking secondary sources of repayment where prudent, and loans with deficiencies in essential documentation, including financial information. Grade 3 Loans with Problem Potential - This category consists of performing loans which are considered to exhibit problem potential. Loans in this category would generally include, but not be limited to, borrowers with a weakened financial condition or poor performance history, past dues, loans restructured to reduce payments to an amount that is below market standards and/or loans with severe documentation problems. In general, these loans have no identifiable loss potential in the near future; however, the possibility of a loss developing is heightened. Grade 4 - Problem Loans/Assets Nonperforming - This category consists of nonperforming loans/assets which are considered to be problems. Nonperforming loans are described as being 90 days and over past due and still accruing, and loans that are nonaccrual. The government guaranteed portion of SBA loans is excluded. Grade 5 - Loss Potential - This category consists of loans/assets which are considered to possess loss potential. While the loss may not occur in the current year, management expects that loans/assets in this category will ultimately result in a loss, unless substantial improvement occurs. Grade 6 - Charge Off - This category consists of loans that are considered uncollectible and other assets with little or no value. The Company s revolving loans that are converted to term loans are not material and therefore have not been presented. 

Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total commercial real estate owner occupied 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Grade 5 

Total commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total oil and gas 

Total loans held for investment 

Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total commercial real estate owner occupied 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Total construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Grade 5 

Total residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total oil and gas 

Total loans held for investment 

Allowance for Credit Losses Methodology The Company determines its provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses using the expected loss methodology that is referred to as the CECL model. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. The Company elected to utilize a methodology known as vintage loss analysis for BancFirst, Pegasus, and Worthington Bank. Vintage loss analysis measures impairment based on the age of the accounts and the historical asset performance of assets with similar risk characteristics. Vintage loss analysis determines expected losses by allowing the Company to calculate the cumulative loss rates of a given loan pool and in so doing, determine the loan pool s lifetime expected loss experience relative to the appropriate type of financial assets that share similar risk characteristics. Vintage loss analysis uses different vintages analyzed by year of origination through the weighted average maturity of each loan pool. The key quantitative inputs used in the Company s estimate of the allowance for credit losses include 1) all available loan data tracked by year of origination, 2) total charge-offs for each specific loan pool recorded since year of origination, 3) recovery rate calculated by the average recovery over the previous seven years across all loan pools, and 4) a weighting factor biased to more recent loss experience. The quantitative expected credit loss is calculated by dividing each year s net charge-offs by the original balance. The respective vintage s original balance remains the denominator in each annual calculation, as it references the specific vintage s initial balance. The loss experience of this original balance is tracked annually and summed over the life of the loan for each separate loan pool, leaving a cumulative life of credit loss rate based on historic averages weighted towards more recent loss experience. These key quantitative inputs change from period to period as new loans are originated, and charge-offs and recoveries are recognized. The recovery rate is revised on an annual basis, taking into consideration the most recent seven years. The weighting factor percentages remain static, however, the most recent year receives the highest weighting percentage. The BancFirst Senior Loan Committee the SLC sets BancFirst qualitative adjustments. In setting the qualitative adjustments, they consider several factors, including external economic information, peer bank comparisons and experience with the loan portfolio. The SLC also considers Moody s Analytics dataset. From this dataset, BancFirst selects a range of 3 probability scenarios from two economic forecasts. To determine the appropriate correlation to our loss experience, BancFirst compares the economic indicators over the past ten years of charge-off history to arrive at a correlation factor. BancFirst then applies the correlation factor to the change in the forecast of the aforementioned economic indicators over the next 18-24 months, which is driven by management s judgment of a reasonable and supportable forecast period to arrive at a percentage range of qualitative loss adjustment attributable to economic forecasts. The SLC establishes a qualitative adjustment for each loan pool using these factors. For periods beyond which BancFirst is able to make or obtain reasonable and supportable forecasts of expected credit losses, BancFirst reverts to historical loss information. In some cases, management may determine a loan to be collateral dependent. A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on the Company's assessment as of the reporting date. For collateral dependent loans, the standard allows institutions to use, as a practical expedient, the fair value of the collateral to measure expected credit losses on collateral-dependent financial assets. This amount is included in the allowance for credit losses. The increase in allowance for credit losses during 2022 was related to the purchase of loans without credit deterioration during the year along with loan growth. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses during 2021 was driven by a reversal of a pandemic-related provision during 2021 based on sustained improvements in the economy, both nationally and in the Company's markets, which reduced the amount of expected credit losses within the loan portfolio. This reduction during 2021 was partially offset by additional allowance for credit losses required for newly acquired loans. The allowance for credit losses for the oil and gas category was reduced during 2021 due to the increases in oil and gas commodity prices contributing to a more stable and profitable energy industry; however this decrease was offset by an increase in allowance for credit losses for the commercial real estate non-owner occupied category due to ongoing uncertainty regarding the pandemic's long-term impact on the office and retail sectors. 

() 

() 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

() 

() 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

() 

() 

Residential real estate all other 

() 

() 

Farmland 

() 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

() 

() 

Consumer non-real estate 

() 

() 

Oil and gas 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

() 

() 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

() 

() 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

() 

() 

Residential real estate all other 

() 

() 

Farmland 

() 

() 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Consumer non-real estate 

() 

() 

Oil and gas 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition 

Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Purchase price of loans at acquisition 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition 

Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 

Collateral Dependent Loans A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, material amount of interest income was recognized on collateral-dependent loans subsequent to their classification as collateral-dependent. 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total collateral-dependent loans held for investment 

Collateral Type 

Real Estate 

Business Assets 

Energy Reserves 

Other Assets 

Total 

Specific Allocation 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate owner occupied 

Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 

Construction and development 

Construction residential real estate 

Residential real estate first lien 

Residential real estate all other 

Farmland 

Commercial and agricultural non-real estate 

Consumer non-real estate 

Oil and gas 

Total collateral-dependent loans held for investment 

Non-Cash Transfers from Loans and Premises and Equipment Transfers from loans and premises and equipment to other real estate owned, repossessed assets, and other assets are non-cash transactions, and are not included in the consolidated statements of cash flow. 

Repossessed assets 

Other assets 

Total 

Related Party Loans The Company has made loans in the ordinary course of business to the executive officers and directors of the Company and to certain affiliates of these executive officers and directors. Management believes that all such loans were made on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and do not represent more than a normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Buildings 
 
 to 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 to 

Construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

Non-cash items in Premises and Equipment, Net The Company had mill ion and million in construction in progress for retainage payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Retainage payable is not remitted to the vendor until completion of the project and is therefore not included in the consolidated statement of cash flow. Construction in Progress Construction in progress included in the table above is primarily related to the renovation of BancFirst Tower, which began in 2018. When renovations on the building are completed, the asset is reclassified as buildings and depreciated over its applicable useful life. Other Assets Other assets includes the cash surrender value of key-man life insurance policies totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Equity securities are reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company invests in equity securities without readily determinable fair values. These equity securities are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The realized and unrealized gains and losses are reported as securities transactions in the noninterest income section of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The balance of equity securities w as mil lion at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The balance of other assets included equity interests of previous borrowers in the oil and gas industry, which were received through bankruptcy proceedings, which totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Under the equity method, the carrying value of a bank s investment in an investee is originally recorded at cost but is adjusted periodically to record as income the bank s proportionate share of the investee s earnings or losses and decreased by the amount of cash dividends or similar distributions received from the investee. Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investments The Company invests in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC), which is designed to promote private development of low-income housing. These investments generate a return primarily through realization of federal tax credits, and also through a tax deduction generated by operating losses of the investments. The investments are amortized through tax expense using the proportional amortization method as related tax credits are utilized. The Company is periodically required to provide additional contributions at the discretion of the project sponsors. Although in some cases the Company s investment may exceed of the equity interest in an entity, the Company does not consolidate these structures as variable interest entities due to the project sponsor s ability to manage the projects, which is indicative of power over them. Total LIHTC investments were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized tax credits and other tax benefits of mi llion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and amortization expense of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively resulting from LIHTC investments. Additional contributions are committed during the investment periods through the ye ar 2034. Unfunded commitments to these investments as of December 31, 2022 tot aled mil lion. New Market Tax Credit Investments The Company also invests in active low-income community businesses that qualify for New Market Tax Credits (NMTC). NMTC investments are made through Community Development Entities (CDE) and such entities are qualified through the US Department of the Treasury. NMTCs are earned for a qualified entity investment made by a taxpayer in CDEs if substantially all of the investment is used by the CDE to make qualified investments. It is through its equity contributions into the CDE entities that the Company is able to receive the benefits of the NMTCs. The amount of the NMTC is equal to of the qualified investment taken over a period. The investments are amortized through other noninterest expense using the effective yield method as related tax credits are utilized. The Company does not consolidate these CDEs as variable interest entities due to the control the allocatee of the tax credits has over the entity. Total NMTC investments were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized tax cred its of m illion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and amortization expe nse of m illion, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively resulting from NMTC investments. NMTC investments are funded in full in the year they begin. There are unfunded commitments. 

() 

Customer relationship intangibles 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Core deposit intangibles 

() 

Customer relationship intangibles 

() 

Total 

() 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

At December 31, 2022 , the weighted-average remaining life of all intangible assets was approximately years, which consisted of customer relationship intangibles with a weighted-average life of years and core deposit intangibles with a weighted-average life of years. 

Acquisitions 

Balance at end of period 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Balance at beginning and end of period 

The Company acquired Worthington on February 8, 2022, which added core deposit intangibles and goodwill shown in the tables above. See Note (2) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding the Company s recent developments, including mergers and acquisitions. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

80 

Table of Contents 

Weighted average interest rate 

End of period interest rate 

million, are pledged as collateral for the borrowings under the line of credit. As of December 31, 2022 , BancFirst had the ability to draw up to million on the FHLB line of credit based on FHLB stock holdings of with advances outstanding. In addition, BancFirst has a million line of credit with another financial institution that is an overnight federal funds facility. As of December 31, 2022, BancFirst had no advances outstanding under either line of credit. Pegasus has a million line of credit with another financial institution that is an overnight federal funds facility. As of December 31, 2022, Pegasus had advances outstanding under its line of credit. Worthington has a million line of credit and a million line of credit from other financial institutions. Both serve as overnight federal funds facilities. Worthington also has a line of credit from the FHLB of Dallas, Texas to use for liquidity or to match-fund certain long-term fixed rate loans. Worthington had advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 under either line of credit. 
 
 million of aggregate liquidation amount of Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities (the Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities to other investors. In March 2004, BFC II issued an additional million in Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities through the execution of an over-allotment option. The proceeds from the sale of the Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities and the common securities of BFC II were invested in million of Junior Subordinated Debentures of the Company. Interest payments on the million of Junior Subordinated Debentures are Such interest payments may be deferred for up to twenty consecutive quarters. The stated maturity date of the million of Junior Subordinated Debentures is , but they are subject to mandatory redemption pursuant to optional prepayment terms. The Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities represent an undivided interest in the million of Junior Subordinated Debentures and are guaranteed by the Company. During any deferral period or during any event of default, the Company may not declare or pay any dividends on any of its capital stock. The Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities were callable at par, in whole or in part, after March 31, 2009. On June 17, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, of million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2036 (the Subordinated Notes to various institutional accredited investors. The sale of the Subordinated Notes was pursuant to a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with each of the investors. The Subordinated Notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital under bank regulatory guidelines. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Subordinated Notes were million after deducting commissions and offering expenses of . The Company used the proceeds from the sale of the Subordinated Notes for general corporate purposes. per annum, from and including June 17, 2021 to but excluding June 30, 2031, , commencing . Then, from and including June 30, 2031, to but excluding the maturity date, the Subordinated Notes will bear interest at a floating rate equal to the benchmark (initially, three-month term SOFR), reset quarterly, plus a spread of basis points, . The Subordinated Notes mature on . The Company may, at its option, beginning with the interest payment date of June 30, 2031, and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part. In addition, 

 of the principal amount of the Subordinated Note, or portion thereof, to be redeemed, plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

State 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Total income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) expense applicable to securities transactions approximated , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Tax expense at the federal statutory tax rate 

Increase (decrease) in tax expense from: 

Tax-exempt income, net 

() 

() 

() 

Modified endowment life contracts 

() 

() 

() 

Share based compensation excess tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Tax deductible dividends paid on ESOP 

() 

() 

() 

State tax expense, net of federal tax benefit 

Bargain purchase gain 

() 

Utilization of tax credits: 

New markets tax credits, net of tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Low-income housing tax credits, net of amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Other tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Total tax expense 

Provision for credit losses 

Write-downs of other real estate owned 

Deferred compensation 

Stock-based compensation 

Investments in partnership interests 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Unrealized net gains on securities 

() 

Premium on securities of banks acquired 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Basis difference related to tax credits 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Prepaid expense deducted 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if applicable, in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company did t recognize or accrue any interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. Federal and various state income tax statutes dictate that tax returns filed in any of the previous three reporting periods remain open to examination, which includes tax return years to . In addition, the return was amended and therefore will remain open through . The Company has no open examinations with either the Internal Revenue Service or any state agency. Management performs an analysis of the Company s tax position annually and believes it is more likely than not that all of its tax positions will be utilized in future years. 

shares available for future grants. The Employee Plan will terminate on , if not extended. from the date of grant at the rate of per year for . Options expire no later than the end of from the date of grant. The option price must be no less than of the fair value of the stock relating to such option at the date of grant. The Company has had the BancFirst Corporation Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan (the Non-Employee Directors Plan since June 1999. Each non-employee director is granted an option for shares. At December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for future grants. The Non-Employee Directors Plan will terminate on , if not extended. per year for , and expire no later than the end of from the date of grant. The option price must be no less than of the fair value of the stock relating to such option at the date of grant. The Company currently uses newly issued shares for stock option exercises, but reserves the right to use shares purchased under the Company s Stock Repurchase Program (the SRP in the future. Although not required or expected, the Company may settle some options in cash on a limited basis at the discretion of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t settle any options for cash. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had cash settlements for shares for a total net cash settlement of options of million that did not increase the outstanding shares of the Company. T 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled, forfeited, or expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Yrs 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Yrs 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled, forfeited, or expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Yrs 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Yrs 

Cash received from options exercised 

Tax benefit realized from options exercised 

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and is based on certain assumptions including risk-free rate of return, dividend yield, stock price volatility and the expected term. The fair value of each option is expensed over its vesting period. 

Tax benefit 

Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 

. The following table shows the unearned stock-based compensation expense: 

December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Unearned stock-based compensation expense 

T 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 to 

to 

to 

Dividend yield 

Stock price volatility 
 
 to 

to 

to 

Expected term 
 
 Yrs 

Yrs 

Yrs 

The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the spot zero-coupon rate for the U.S. Treasury security with a maturity similar to the expected term of the options. The dividend yield is the expected yield for the expected term. The stock price volatility is estimated from the recent historical volatility of the Company s stock. The expected term is estimated from the historical option exercise experience. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. The Company has had the BancFirst Corporation Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan since May 1999. As of December 31, 2022 , there are shares available for future issuance under the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan. The Deferred Stock Compensation Plan will terminate on , if not extended. Under the plan, directors and members of the community advisory boards of the Company and its subsidiaries may defer up to of their board fees. They are credited for each deferral with a number of stock units based on the current market price of the Company s stock, which accumulate in an account until the director or community board member terminates serving as a board member. Shares of common stock of the Company are then distributed to the terminating director or community board member based upon the number of stock units accumulated in his or her account. There were and shares of common stock distributed from the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Average price 

separate retirement plans. The Thrift Plan 401(k) and Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP cover all eligible employees, as defined in the plans, of the Company and its subsidiaries. The 401(k) allows employees to defer up to the maximum legal limit of their compensation, of which the Company may match up to of their compensation. In addition, the Company may make discretionary contributions based on employee contributions or eligible compensation to the ESOP, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. The ESOP sponsor purchases shares from the open market. These shares are included in the calculation of the basic earnings per share. Dividends issued on these shares are reinvested into the ESOP. The ESOP is not leveraged. 

ESOP contributions 

Total contributions 

85 

Table of Contents 

10 Cumulative Preferred 

Common 

The following is a description of the capital stock of the Company: (a) Senior Preferred Stock: shares issued or outstanding. Shares may be issued with such voting, dividend, redemption, sinking fund, conversion, exchange, liquidation and other rights as shall be determined by the Company s Board of Directors, without approval of the stockholders. The Senior Preferred Stock would have a preference over common stock as to payment of dividends, as to the right to distribution of assets upon redemption of such shares or upon liquidation of the Company. (b) 10 Cumulative Preferred Stock: Redeemable at the Company s option at per share plus accumulated dividends; non-voting; cumulative dividends at the rate of payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15; shares issued or outstanding. (c) Common stock: At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the shares issued equaled shares outstanding. In November 1999, the Company adopted a Stock Repurchase Program (the SRP ). The SRP may be used as a means to increase earnings per share and return on equity, to purchase treasury stock for the exercise of stock options or for distributions under the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, to provide liquidity for optionees to dispose of stock from exercises of their stock options, and to provide liquidity for stockholders wishing to sell their stock. All shares repurchased under the SRP have been retired and not held as treasury stock. The timing, price and amount of stock repurchases under the SRP may be determined by management and approved by the Company s Executive Committee. During September 2021, the SRP was amended to permit the repurchase of an additional shares. 

Average price of shares repurchased 

Shares remaining to be repurchased 

The Company s ability to pay dividends is dependent upon dividend payments received from BancFirst. Banking regulations limit bank dividends based upon net earnings retained and minimum capital requirements. Dividends in excess of these requirements require regulatory approval. At January 1, 2023, approximately million of the equity of BancFirst was available for dividend payments to the Company. During any deferral period or any event of default on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, the Company may not declare or pay any dividends on any of its capital stock. BancFirst Corporation, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington are subject to risk-based capital guidelines issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the FDIC. These guidelines are used to evaluate capital adequacy and involve both quantitative and qualitative evaluations of BancFirst Corporation s, BancFirst s, Pegasus s and Worthington's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory practices. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory or discretionary actions by the regulatory agencies that could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company believes that as of December 31, 2022, BancFirst Corporation, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Worthington 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

(to Risk Weighted Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Worthington 

Tier 1 Capital 

(to Risk Weighted Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Worthington 

Tier 1 Capital 

(to Total Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

N/A 

N/A 

Pegasus 

N/A 

N/A 

Worthington 

N/A 

N/A 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Total Capital 

(to Risk Weighted Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

(to Risk Weighted Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Tier 1 Capital 

(to Risk Weighted Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

Pegasus 

Tier 1 Capital 

(to Total Assets)- 

BancFirst Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

BancFirst 

N/A 

N/A 

Pegasus 

N/A 

N/A 

As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notifications from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the FDIC categorized BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington as well capitalized under the prompt corrective action provisions. The Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of BancFirst Corporation, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington includes common stock and related paid-in capital and retained earnings. In connection with the adoption of the Basel III Capital Rules, the election was made to opt-out of the requirement to include most components of accumulated other comprehensive income in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital for BancFirst Corporation, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington is reduced by goodwill and other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities. The Company s trust preferred securities have continued to be included in Tier 1 capital, as the Company s total assets do not exceed billion. There are no conditions or events since the most recent notifications to BancFirst Corporation, BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington of their capital category that management believes would materially change their category under capital requirements existing as of the report date. On June 17, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, of million aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes. The Subordinated Notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital under bank regulatory guidelines. In April 2020, the Company began originating loans to qualified small businesses under the PPP administered by the SBA. Federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an interim final rule that permits banks to neutralize the regulatory capital effects of participating in the Paycheck Protection Program Lending Facility (the PPP Facility and clarify that PPP loans have a percent risk weight under applicable risk-based capital rules. Specifically, a bank may exclude all PPP loans pledged as collateral to the PPP Facility from its average total consolidated assets for the purposes of calculating its leverage ratio, while PPP loans that are not pledged as collateral to the PPP Facility are included. The PPP loans the Company originated in 2021 and 2020 are included in the calculation of the Company s leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 as the Company did not utilize the PPP Facility for funding purposes. In connection with the adoption of ASC 326 , the Company recognized an after-tax cumulative effect reduction to retained earnings totaling million in 2020. In February 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule (the 2019 CECL Rule that revised certain capital regulations to account for changes to credit loss accounting under U.S. GAAP. The 2019 CECL Rule included a transition option that allows banking organizations to phase in, over a three-year period, the day-one adverse effects of CECL on their regulatory capital ratios (three-year transition option). In March 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that maintained the three-year transition option of the 2019 CECL Rule and also provided banking organizations that were required under U.S. GAAP (as of January 2020) to implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of the effect of CECL on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). The Company elected not to adopt the five-year transition option. 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Diluted 

Income available to common stockholders plus assumed exercises of stock options 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Basic 

Income available to common stockholders 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Diluted 

Income available to common stockholders plus assumed exercises of stock options 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Basic 

Income available to common stockholders 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Diluted 

Income available to common stockholders plus assumed exercises of stock options 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Investments in subsidiaries 

Goodwill 

Core deposit premium 

Dividends receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Other liabilities 

Subordinated debt 

Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Interest on interest-bearing deposits 

Other 

Total operating income 

OPERATING EXPENSE 

Interest 

Other 

Total operating expense 

Income before taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Allocated income tax benefit 

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Amortization of stock-based compensation arrangements of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of stock-based compensation arrangements of subsidiaries 

Other, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Payments for investments in subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of common stock 

Common stock acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash settlement of options 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of subordinated notes, net of debt issuance costs 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and due from banks 

() 

Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the period 

Cash and due from banks at the end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash received during the period for income taxes, net 

Stand-by letters of credit 

Loan commitments are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Stand-by letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These instruments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the instruments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amounts do not necessarily represent commitments that will be funded in the future. 

2021 

2020 

A right of use lease asset included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheet totaled million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021 , and a related lease liability included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet totaled million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 , our operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of percent. Maturity of Operating Lease Liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Operating lease liability 

Lessor The Company is a lessor of operating leases, which primarily consist of office space in buildings and parking lots. These assets are classified on the consolidated balance sheet as premises and equipment. The Company had operating lease revenue of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Lease revenue is included in occupancy, net on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Future Minimum Lease Payments to be received The Company does not have operating leases that extend beyond 2031. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2031 

Total future minimum lease payments 

The Company reviews the prices for Level 1 and Level 2 debt securities supplied by the independent pricing service for reasonableness and to ensure such prices are aligned with traditional pricing matrices. In general, the Company does not purchase investment portfolio debt securities that are esoteric or that have complicated structures. The Company s portfolio primarily consists of traditional investments including U.S. Treasury obligations, federal agency mortgage pass-through debt securities, general obligation municipal bonds and a small amount of municipal revenue bonds. Pricing for such instruments is fairly generic and is easily obtained. For in-state bond issues that have relatively low issue sizes and liquidity, the Company utilizes the same parameters for pricing mentioned in the preceding paragraph adjusted for the specific issue. Periodically, the Company will validate prices supplied by the independent pricing service by comparison to prices obtained from third party sources. Derivatives Derivatives are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. The Company obtains dealer and market quotations to value its oil and gas swaps and options. The Company utilizes dealer quotes and observable market data inputs to substantiate internal valuation models. 

U.S. federal agencies 

Mortgage-backed securities 

States and political subdivisions 

Asset backed securities 

Other debt securities 

Derivative assets 

Derivative liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Debt securities available for sale: 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. federal agencies 

Mortgage-backed securities 

States and political subdivisions 

Asset backed securities 

Other debt securities 

Derivative assets 

Derivative liabilities 

Transfers to level 2 

() 

Purchases 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Total unrealized losses 

() 

Balance at the end of the period 

The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and transfers out of Levels 1, 2 and 3 as of the end of the reporting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not transfer any debt securities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred debt securities from Level 3 to Level 2 due to a review of the pricing models that determined some asset backed debt securities to be Level 2. Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). These financial assets and financial liabilities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 3 inputs. The Company invests in equity securities without readily determinable fair values and utilizes Level 3 inputs. These equity securities are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The realized and unrealized gains and losses are reported as securities transactions in the noninterest income section of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Collateral dependent loans are reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is dependent on liquidation of the collateral. When the Company determines that foreclosure is probable or when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty at the reporting date and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. In no case does the fair value of a collateral dependent loan exceed the fair value of the underlying collateral. The collateral dependent loans are adjusted to fair value through a specific allocation of the allowance for credit losses or a direct charge-down of the loan. Repossessed assets, upon initial recognition, are measured and adjusted to fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for possible credit losses based upon the fair value of the repossessed asset. Other real estate owned is revalued at fair value subsequent to initial recognition, with any losses recognized in net expense from other real estate owned. The following table summarizes assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the period presented. These nonrecurring fair values do not represent all assets, only those assets that have been adjusted during the reporting period: 

Collateral dependent loans 

Repossessed assets 

Other real estate owned 

As of and for the Year-to-date Period Ended December 31, 2021 

Equity securities 

Collateral dependent loans 

Repossessed assets 

Other real estate owned 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company is required under current authoritative accounting guidance to disclose the estimated fair value of their financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value. For the Company, as for most financial institutions, substantially all of its assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments. A financial instrument is defined as cash, evidence of an ownership interest in an entity or a contract that creates a contractual obligation or right to deliver or receive cash or another financial instrument from a second entity. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: Cash and Cash Equivalents Include: Cash and Due from Banks and Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks The carrying amount of these short-term instruments is a reasonable estimate of fair value. Federal Funds Sold The carrying amount of these short-term instruments is a reasonable estimate of fair value. Debt Securities Held for Investment For debt securities held for investment, which are generally traded in secondary markets, fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities making adjustments for credit or liquidity if applicable. Loans Held for Sale The Company originates mortgage loans to be sold. At the time of origination, the acquiring bank has already been determined and the terms of the loan, including interest rate, have already been set by the acquiring bank allowing the Company to originate the loan at fair value. Mortgage loans are generally sold within days of origination. Loans held for sale are valued using Level 2 inputs. Gains or losses recognized upon the sale of the loans are determined on a specific identification basis. Loans Held for Investment To determine the fair value of loans held for investment, the Company uses an exit price calculation, which takes into account factors such as liquidity, credit and the nonperformance risk of loans. For certain homogeneous categories of loans, such as some residential mortgages, fair values are estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by similar loans, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair values of other types of loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Deposits The fair values of transaction and savings accounts are the amounts payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit are estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Short-term Borrowings The amounts payable on these short-term instruments are reasonable estimates of fair value. Subordinated Debt The fair values of subordinated debt are estimated using the rates that would be charged for subordinated debt of similar remaining maturities. Loan Commitments and Letters of Credit The fair values of commitments are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the terms of the agreements. The fair values of letters of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements. T 

Federal funds sold 

Debt securities held for investment 

Loans held for sale 

Level 3 inputs: 

Debt securities held for investment 

Loans held for investment, net of allowance for credit losses 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 

Level 2 inputs: 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Loan commitments 

Letters of credit 

Non-financial Assets and Non-financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value The Company has non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include intangible assets and other non-financial long-lived assets measured at fair value and adjusted for impairment. These items are evaluated at least annually for impairment, of which there was as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The overall levels of non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were not considered to be significant to the Company at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Oil and Natural Gas Swaps and Options 
 
 Notional Units 
 
 Notional Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Notional Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

(Notional amounts and dollars in thousands) 

Oil 

Derivative assets 
 
 Barrels 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 Barrels 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Gas/Natural Gas Liquids 

Derivative assets 
 
 MMBTUs/Gallons 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 MMBTUs/Gallons 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total Fair Value 
 
 Included in 

Derivative assets 
 
 Other assets 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 Other liabilities 

() 

() 

The Company s credit exposure on oil and gas swaps and options varies based on the current market prices of oil and natural gas. Other than credit risk, changes in the fair value of customer positions will be offset by equal and opposite changes in the counterparty positions. The net positive fair value of the contracts represents the profit derived from the activity and is unaffected by market price movements. The Company s share of total profit is approximately . Customer credit exposure is managed by strict position limits and is primarily offset by first liens on production while the remainder is offset by cash. Counterparty credit exposure is managed by selecting highly rated counterparties (rated A- or better by Standard and Poor s) and monitoring market information. 

Balance Sheet Offsetting Derivatives may be eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet and/or subject to master netting arrangements. The Company s derivative transactions with upstream financial institution counterparties and bank customers are generally executed under International Swaps and Derivative Association ISDA master agreements, which include right of set-off provisions. In such cases there is generally a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts and there may be an intention to settle such amounts on a net basis. Nonetheless, the Company does not generally offset such financial instruments for financial reporting purposes. 

 principal business units are metropolitan banks, community banks, Pegasus, Worthington, other financial services and executive, operations and support. Metropolitan banks, community banks, Pegasus and Worthington offer traditional banking products such as commercial and retail lending and a full line of deposit accounts. Metropolitan banks consist of banking locations in the metropolitan Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas. Community banks consist of banking locations in communities throughout Oklahoma. Pegasus consists of banking locations in the Dallas metropolitan area. Worthington consists of banking locations in the Fort Worth metropolitan area. Other financial services are specialty product business units including guaranteed small business lending, residential mortgage lending, trust services, securities brokerage, electronic banking and insurance. The executive, operations and support groups represent executive management, operational support and corporate functions that are not allocated to the other business units. 

() 

Provision for/(benefit from) credit losses 

() 

() 

Noninterest income 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other expenses 

() 

Income before taxes 

() 

Total assets 

() 

Capital expenditures 

December 31, 2021 

Net interest income 

() 

(Benefit from)/provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Noninterest income 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other expenses 

() 

Income before taxes 

() 

Total assets 

() 

Capital expenditures 

December 31, 2020 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other expenses 

() 

Income before taxes 

() 

Total assets 

() 

Capital expenditures 

The financial information for each business unit is presented on the basis used internally by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. The Company utilizes a transfer pricing system to allocate the benefit or cost of funds provided or used by the various business units. Certain services provided by the support group to other business units, such as item processing, are allocated at rates approximating the cost of providing the services. Eliminations are adjustments to consolidate the business units and companies. Capital expenditures are generally charged to the business unit using the asset. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 There were no disagreements with accountants regarding accounting and financial disclosure matters during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and its Disclosure Committee, which includes the Company s Executive Chairman, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Asset Quality Officer, Controller, General Counsel and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, have evaluated, as of the last day of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 No changes were made to the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the last fiscal quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

100 

Table of Contents 
 
 Management s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 edition), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on that assessment and criteria, management has determined that the Company has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 As disclosed in Note (2) to its consolidated financial statements, BancFirst Corporation acquired Worthington Bank on February 8, 2022. The acquisition did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Due to the timing of the acquisition, Worthington Bank s internal controls were excluded from management s assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 FORVIS LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has issued an unqualified report thereon. 
 BancFirst Corporation 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 24, 2023 

/ s / David Harlow 

David Harlow 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/ s / Kevin Lawrence 

Kevin Lawrence 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

101 

Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 BancFirst Corporation 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited BancFirst Corporation s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has excluded Worthington Bank, acquired on February 8, 2022. We have also excluded Worthington Bank from the scope of our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Worthington Bank represented 2.86 of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4.37 of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention, or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of a company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP 
 (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 There is no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year that was not reported. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 Certain information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is included under the section captioned Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part II, Item 5, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. Our independent registered public accounting firm is FORVIS, LLP (formerly BKD, LLP) PCAOB ID: 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) For the financial statements of BancFirst Corporation, reference is made to Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) The following Exhibits are filed with this Report or are incorporated by reference as set forth below: 

104 

Table of Contents 

Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement by and between BancFirst Corporation and Pegasus Bank dated April 23, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated April 25, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BancFirst Corporation dated August 5, 2021 (filed as exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 
 Instruments defining the rights of securities holders (see Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 above). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement relating to the 7.20 Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities of BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.4 
 
 Form of 7.20 Cumulative Trust Preferred Security Certificate for BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit D to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Indenture relating to the 7.20 Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures of BancFirst Corporation issued to BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-112488 dated February 4, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Certificate of 7.20 Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture of BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 4.2 on Form S-3 to the Company s registration statement, File No. 333-112488 dated February 4, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Guarantee of BancFirst Corporation relating to the 7.20 Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities of BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 
 Adoption Agreement for the BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan adopted April 21, 2016 effective January 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 
 
 Amendment Number One to the BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 2019 Amendment BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 
 
 2020 Amendment BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K for dated December 17, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between Cotter Tower Oklahoma L.P. and BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between Cotter Tower Oklahoma L.P. and BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

105 

Table of Contents 

10.8 
 
 Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 17, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Stock Option Plan (filed as exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan (filed as exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 
 BancFirst Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan Amendment to Implement Secure Act and Other Law Changes. (filed as exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.12 
 
 Adoption Agreement for McAfee Taft Professional Corporation Non-Standardized Employee Stock Ownership Pre-Approved Plan. (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.13 
 
 BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan Amended and Restated Adoption Agreement. (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.14 
 
 2023 First Amendment to the BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan. 

10.15 
 
 2023 First Amendment to the BancFirst Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer's Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer's Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32 
 
 CEO s and CFO s Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained within the Inline XBRL Instance Document in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February 24, 2023 
 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 

/s/ David Harlow 

David Harlow 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 

/s/ David E. Rainbolt 
 
 /s/ David R. Harlow 

David E. Rainbolt 
 
 David R. Harlow 

Executive Chairman 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dennis L. Brand 
 
 /s/ F. Ford Drummond 

Dennis L. Brand 
 
 F. Ford Drummond 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Joseph Ford 
 
 /s/ Joe R. Goyne 

Joseph Ford 
 
 Joe R. Goyne 

Director 
 
 Director 

William O. Johnstone 
 
 Mautra Staley Jones 

Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 Director 

/s/ Frank Keating 

Frank Keating 
 
 Bill G. Lance 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Dave R. Lopez 
 
 /s/ William Scott Martin 

Dave R. Lopez 
 
 William Scott Martin 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Tom H. McCasland, III 
 
 /s/ H. E. Rainbolt 

Tom H. McCasland, III 
 
 H. E. Rainbolt 

Director 
 
 Chairman Emeritus 

/s/ Robin Roberson 
 
 /s/ Darryl W. Schmidt 

Robin Roberson 
 
 Darryl W. Schmidt 

Director 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, BancFirst and Director 

/s/ Natalie Shirley 
 
 /s/ Michael K. Wallace 

Natalie Shirley 
 
 Michael K. Wallace 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ G. Rainey Williams, Jr 

Gregory G. Wedel 
 
 G. Rainey Williams, Jr 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Kevin Lawrence 
 
 /s/ Randy Foraker 

Kevin Lawrence 
 
 Randy Foraker 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

107 

Table of Contents 
 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The performance graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock to the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S. Companies) Index and the NASDAQ Bank Stock Index. The graph assumes an investment on December 31, 2017 of 100 in the Company s Common Stock and in each index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The performance graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

As of December 31, 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

BancFirst Corporation (BANF) 

100.00 

99.37 

127.11 

123.35 

151.44 

192.50 

NASDAQ Bank Stocks (U.S.) 

100.00 

83.83 

104.26 

96.44 

137.82 

115.38 

NASDAQ Composite Stock Market (U.S) 

100.00 

97.18 

132.88 

192.73 

235.54 

158.96 

108 

<EX-10>
 2
 banf-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 2023 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE BANCFIRST CORPORATION THRIFT PLAN 
 
 	Pursuant to the authority vested in the undersigned, Section 14.k of the Adoption Agreement for the BancFirst Corporation Thrift Plan (the Plan is herby amended to read as follows: 
 
 (k)	 [X] 	 Describe eligibility conditions: Three continuous months of service beginning with the date of hire or One Year of Eligibility Service				 	 
 	Except as otherwise provided in this 2023 First Amendment to the Plan Amendment ), the Plan is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment shall be effective as of April 1, 2023. 
 
 	EXECUTED as of the 26th day of January, 2023. 
 	 
 							BANCFIRST CORPORATION 

By: /s/Randy Foraker 
 Name: Randy Foraker 
 Title: EVP Secretary 
 
 32767036_2 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 banf-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 
 
 2023 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN 
 
 	Pursuant to the authority vested in the undersigned, the Adoption Agreement for the BancFirst Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the Plan is hereby amended as follows: 
 
 I. 
 
 Section 14.l of the Plan is hereby amended to read as follows: 
 
 l.	[X]	 three (not to exceed 12) consecutive months	[X]	 OR 	[ ]	[ ]	[ ] 
 of employment from the Eligible Employee's employment commencement date. If an Eligible Employee does not complete the stated number of months, the Employee is subject to the one (1) Year of Service requirement in i. above. 
 
 II. 
 
 The Plan is hereby amended to add the following new Section 45A, which shall immediately follow Section 45 in the Plan: 
 
 45A.	ADDITIONAL DIVERSIFICATION RIGHT 
 	In addition to the diversification rights available under Item 45 of this Adoption Agreement, a Qualified Participant (as defined in Plan Section 7.9(d)) shall, upon meeting the requirements to be a Qualified Participant, be entitled to elect to direct the diversification of any number of shares of Employer Stock that have been allocated to the Qualified Participant s Employer Stock Account by means of transfer to another qualified defined contribution plan sponsored by the Employer. 
 	 
 Except as otherwise provided in this 2023 First Amendment to the Plan Amendment ), the Plan is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment shall be effective as of April 1, 2023. 
 
 	EXECUTED as of the 26th day of January, 2023. 
 	 
 							BANCFIRST CORPORATION 

By: /s/Randy Foraker 
 Name: Randy Foraker 
 Title: EVP Secretary 
 32768954_2 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 banf-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of BancFirst Corporation 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage of Ownership 

BancFirst 
 
 Oklahoma 
 
 100.00 

Pegasus Bank 
 
 Texas 
 
 100.00 

BFC Capital Trust II 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100.00 

Council Oak Partners, LLC 
 
 Oklahoma 
 
 100.00 

BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc. 
 
 Oklahoma 
 
 100.00 

Worthington Bank 
 
 Texas 
 
 100.00 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 banf-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Audit Committee, Board of Directors, and Stockholders 
 BancFirst Corporation 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement of BancFirst Corporation on Forms S-8 (File No.333-268168, effective November 4, 2022; File No. 333-259292, effective September 3, 2021; File No. 333-233241, effective August 13, 2019; File No. 333-228152, effective November 2, 2018; File No. 333-201524, effective January 15, 2015; and File No. 333-175914, effective July 29, 2011) of our report dated February 24, 2023 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of BancFirst Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, which is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 24, 2023 on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of BancFirst Corporation as of December 31, 2022, which is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP 
 (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 banf-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CEO S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 I, David Harlow, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BancFirst Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ David Harlow 

David Harlow 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 banf-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CFO S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 I, Kevin Lawrence, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BancFirst Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Kevin Lawrence 

Kevin Lawrence 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 banf-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Harlow, Chief Executive Officer and Kevin Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer of BancFirst Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ David Harlow 

David Harlow President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 24, 2023 

/s/ Kevin Lawrence 

Kevin Lawrence Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 24, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 banf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 banf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 banf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 banf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 banf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

