<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_822663_0001753926-23-000213.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8940956</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345785</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1725867</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2745694</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1763963</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2091896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-23-000213.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-23-000213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTER PARFUMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000822663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				133275609
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16469
		FILM NUMBER:		23685884

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		551 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10176
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129832640

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		551 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10176

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JEAN PHILIPPE FRAGRANCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-23-000213.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 g083417_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 

Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ________to _______. 

Commission file no. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: . 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

The Nasdaq Stock Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days: No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. of voting equity and -0- of non-voting equity. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of the registrant s .001 par value common stock as of the close of business on the latest practicable date February 28,
2023: . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Forward
 Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 38 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 

PART II 
 
 39 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 

Item 6. 
 RESERVED 
 40 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 
 52 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 

PART III 
 
 54 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 61 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 78 

PART IV 
 
 80 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 80 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

SIGNATURES 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and if incorporated by reference
into a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, within the meaning of Section 27A of such act. When
used in this report, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, will, should, 
 could, may, intend, expect, plan, predict, 
 potential, or continue or similar expressions identify certain forward-looking statements. Although
we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give
no assurance that such plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. 

Actual results, performance
or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in this report. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are
set forth in this report, including under the heading Risk Factors . Such factors include: The effects of; our inability
to successfully integrate or manage any future acquisitions; continuation and renewal of existing licenses and similar agreements;
potential inability to obtain new licensing, arrangements or agreements for additional brands; potential reduction in sales of
our fragrance products due to reduced consumer confidence as the result of a prolonged economic downturn, recession or terrorist
attack in the United States, Europe or any of the other countries in which we do significant business; inflation; uncertainties
and deterioration in global credit markets could negatively impact suppliers, customers and consumers; re-emergence of COVID-19
and related governmental mandates, or outbreak of other disease, epidemic or pandemic, or similar public health threat,; inability
to protect our intellectual property rights; our business could be negatively impacted by social impact and sustainability matters;
potential liability for infringement of third party brand names; product liability claims; effectiveness of our sales and marketing
efforts and product acceptance by consumers; our dependence upon third party manufacturers and distributors; our dependence upon
existing management; competition in the fragrance industry; risks related to our foreign operations, currency fluctuation and international
tariff and trade barriers; compliance with governmental regulation; changing political conditions could adversely impact our business
and financial results; potential hacking and outages of our global information systems; seasonal variability of our business; our
ability to operate our business without infringing, and misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights
of other parties. 

These factors are not
intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific factors that may affect us. It should be recognized that other
factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, and the factors set forth herein may affect
us to a greater extent than indicated. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this report. Except as may be required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General Business Development 

Founded in 1982, we
operate in the fragrance business, and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrance, and fragrance related
products. Our worldwide headquarters and the office of our wholly-owned United States subsidiaries, Jean Philippe Fragrances, LLC
and Interparfums, USA LLC, are located at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10176, and our telephone number is 212.983.2640.
We also have wholly-owned subsidiaries in Italy, subsidiary, Interparfums Italia Srl and Hong Kong, Inter Parfums USA Hong Kong
Limited. 

Our consolidated wholly-owned
subsidiary, Inter Parfums Holdings, S.A., and its majority owned subsidiary, Interparfums SA, maintain executive offices at 10
rue de Solf rino, 75007 Paris, France. Our telephone number in Paris is 331.5377.0000. Interparfums SA is the sole owner
of Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for distribution of prestige brands in the United States. Interparfums
SA is also the majority owner of Parfums Rochas Spain, SL, a Spanish limited liability company, which specializes in the distribution
of Rochas fragrances. In addition, Interparfums SA is also the sole owner of Interparfums (Suisse) Sarl, a company formed to hold
and manage certain brand names, and Interparfums Asia Pacific Pte., Ltd., an Asian sales and marketing office. 

Our common stock is
listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol IPAR . The common shares of our subsidiary, Interparfums
SA, are traded on the Euronext. 

The Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains financial reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We maintain our
internet website at www.interparfumsinc.com , which is linked to the SEC internet site. You can obtain through our website,
free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, interactive data files, current reports on Form
8-K, beneficial ownership reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished
to the SEC. 

The following information
is qualified in its entirety by and should be read together with the more detailed information and audited financial statements,
including the related notes, contained or incorporated by reference in this report. 

General 

We operate in the fragrance
business and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of fragrance and fragrance related products. We manage our business
in two segments, European based operations and United States based operations. Certain prestige fragrance products are produced
and marketed by our European operations through our 72 owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded
company as 28 of Interparfums SA shares trade on the Euronext. 

Our business is not
capital intensive, and it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and
source our needed components from our suppliers. These components are either received and stored directly at our third-party fillers
or received at one of our distribution centers and then, based upon production needs, the components are sent to one of several
third party fillers, which manufacture the finished product for us and then deliver them to one of our distribution centers. 

1 

Our fragrance products
focus on prestige brands, each with a devoted following. By concentrating in markets where the brands are best known, we have had
many successful product launches. We typically launch new fragrance families for our brands every few years, and more frequently
seasonal and limited edition fragrances are introduced as well. 

The creation and marketing
of each product family is intimately linked with the brand s name, its past and present positioning, customer base and, more
generally, the prevailing market atmosphere. Accordingly, we generally study the market for each proposed family of fragrance products
for almost a full year before we introduce any new product into the market. This study is intended to define the general position
of the fragrance family and more particularly its scent, bottle, packaging and appeal to the buyer. In our opinion, the unity of
these four elements of the marketing mix makes for a successful product. 

As with any business,
many aspects of our operations are subject to influences outside our control. We believe we have a strong brand portfolio with
global reach and potential. As part of our strategy, we plan to continue to make investments in fast-growing markets and channels
to grow market share. We discuss in greater detail risk factors relating to our business in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and the reports that we file from time to time with the SEC. 

European Operations 

We produce and distribute
our fragrance products primarily under license agreements with brand owners, and fragrance product sales through our European operations
represented approximately 68 of net sales for 2022. We have built a portfolio of prestige brands, which include Boucheron,
Coach, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade, Lanvin, Moncler, Montblanc, Rochas, S.T. Dupont and Van Cleef Arpels ,
whose products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world. European operations will also become the exclusive worldwide
licensee for Lacoste fragrances on January 1, 2024. 

United States Operations 

Prestige brand fragrance
products are also produced and marketed through our United States operations, and represented approximately 32 of net sales for
the year ended December 31, 2022. These fragrance products are sold under trademarks owned by us or pursuant to license or other
agreements with the owners of brands, which include Abercrombie Fitch, Anna Sui, Dunhill, Donna Karan, DKNY, Ferragamo,
Graff, GUESS, Hollister, MCM, Oscar de la Renta and Ungaro . 

Recent Developments 

Lacoste 

In December 2022, we
closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted to Interparfums SA for the
production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum
advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license becomes effective in January 2024 and
will last for 15 years. 

Dunhill 

In April 2022, we announced
that the Dunhill fragrance license will expire on September 30, 2023 and will not be renewed. The Company will continue to produce
and sell Dunhill fragrances until the license expires and will maintain the right to sell-off remaining Dunhill fragrance inventory
for a limited time as is customary in the fragrance industry. 

2 

Salvatore Ferragamo 

In October 2021, we
closed on a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the
production and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising
expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in October 2021 and will last
for 10 years with a 5-year optional term, subject to certain conditions. 

With respect to the
management and coordination of activities related to the license agreement, the Company operates through a wholly-owned Italian
subsidiary based in Florence, that was acquired from Salvatore Ferragamo on October 1, 2021. The acquisition together with the
license agreement was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 

Emanuel Ungaro 

In October 2021, we
also entered into a 10-year exclusive global licensing agreement with a 5-year optional term subject to certain conditions, with
Emanuel Ungaro Italia S.r.l, for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related products, under
the Emanuel Ungaro brand. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments
as are customary in our industry. 

Donna Karan and DKNY 

In
September 2021, we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances
and fragrance-related products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum
advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. With this agreement, we are gaining several well-established
and valuable fragrance franchises, most notably Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious , as well as a significant
loyal consumer base around the world. In connection with the grant of license, we issued 65,342 shares of Inter Parfums, Inc.
common stock valued at 5.0 million to the licensor. The exclusive license became effective on July 1, 2022, and we are planning
to launch new fragrances under these brands in 2024 . 

Rochas Fashion 

Effective
January 1, 2021, we entered into a new license agreement modifying our Rochas fashion business model. The new agreement calls
for a reduction in royalties to be received. As a result, in the first quarter of 2021, we took a 2.4 million impairment charge
on our Rochas fashion trademark. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we again took a 6.8 million impairment charge on the Rochas fashion
trademark after an independent expert concluded that the valuation of the trademark was 11.3 million. The new license also contains
an option for the licensee to buy-out the Rochas fashion trademarks in June 2025 at its then fair market value. 

Fragrance Products 

General 

We are the owner of
the Rochas brand, and the Lanvin brand name and trademark for our class of trade. In addition, we have built a portfolio of licensed
prestige brands whereby we produce and distribute our prestige fragrance products under license agreements with brand owners. Under
license agreements, we obtain the right to use the brand name, create new fragrances and packaging, determine positioning and distribution,
and market and sell the licensed products, in exchange for the payment of royalties. Our rights under license agreements are also
generally subject to certain minimum sales requirements and advertising expenditures as are customary in our industry. 

As a percentage of
net sales, product sales for the Company s largest brands were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Montblanc 
 18 
 19 
 21 
 
 Jimmy Choo 
 18 
 18 
 16 
 
 Coach 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 GUESS 
 12 
 12 
 11 

3 

Our licenses expire
on the following dates: 

Brand Name 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch 
 
 Extends until either party terminates on 3 years notice 
 
 Anna Sui 
 
 December 31, 2026, plus one 5-year optional term 
 
 bebe Stores 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Boucheron 
 
 December 31, 2025, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 Coach 
 
 June 30, 2026 
 
 DKNY 
 
 December 31, 2032, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 Donna Karan 
 
 December 31, 2032, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 Dunhill 
 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Emanuel Ungaro 
 
 December 31, 2031, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 French Connection 
 
 December 31, 2027, plus a 10-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 Graff 
 
 December 31, 2026, plus 3 optional 3-year terms if certain sales targets are met 
 
 GUESS 
 
 December 31, 2033 
 
 Hollister 
 
 Extends until either party terminates on 3 years notice 
 
 Kate Spade 
 
 June 30, 2030 
 
 Jimmy Choo 
 
 December 31, 2031 
 
 Karl Lagerfeld 
 
 October 31, 2032 
 
 Lacoste 
 
 December 31, 2038 
 
 MCM 
 
 December 31, 2030, plus 4 option years 
 
 Moncler 
 
 December 31, 2026, plus a 5-year optional term if certain conditions are met 
 
 Montblanc 
 
 December 31, 2030 

Oscar de la Renta 
 
 December 31, 2031, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 Ferragamo 
 
 December 31, 2031, plus a 5-year optional term if certain sales targets are met 
 
 S.T. Dupont 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Van Cleef Arpels 
 
 December 31, 2024 
 
 The Lacoste license commences on January
1, 2024. 

In connection with
the acquisition of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks for our class of trade, we granted the seller the right to repurchase
the brand names and trademarks on July 1, 2027 for 70 million (approximately 79 million) in accordance with an amendment
signed in 2021. In connection with such amendment, we also granted a license to the seller to develop and sell cosmetics other
than fragrances. 

Fragrance Portfolio 

Abercrombie Fitch In
2014, we entered into a worldwide license to create, produce and distribute new fragrances and fragrance related products under
the Abercrombie Fitch brand name. We distribute these fragrances in specialty stores, department stores and duty free shops,
and in the U.S., in select Abercrombie Fitch retail stores. Our initial men s scent, First Instinct was launched
in 2016 followed by a women s version in 2017. Since that time, we unveiled several new fragrances most notably the Authentic
 and Away duos as well as brand extensions. 

4 

Abercrombie Fitch
Co. is a leading, global, omnichannel specialty retailer of apparel and accessories for men, women and kids. The iconic Abercrombie Fitch brand was born in 1892 and aims to make every day feel as exceptional as the start of a long weekend. 

Anna
Sui In 2011, we entered into an exclusive worldwide fragrance license to create, produce and distribute fragrances and
fragrance related products under the Anna Sui brand. Anna Sui is one of New York s most accomplished fashion designers known
for creating contemporary clothing inspired by vintage style that capture the brand s very sweet feminine girly aspect,
combined with a touch of hipness and rock-and-roll. Today, Anna Sui has over 50 boutiques and her collection and products are
sold in 300 stores in over 30 countries, but her brand is by far most popular and well received throughout Asia. Over the past
decade, we have worked in partnership with Anna Sui and her creative team to build upon the brand s customer appeal and
develop and market a family of fragrances including Fantasia , Sui Dreams and the newest scent, Sky, which
was ranked as the second best perfume launch of 2021 by WWD Japan. 

Boucheron In 2010, we entered
into an exclusive 15-year worldwide license agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance
related products under the Boucheron brand. For over a century, since becoming the first jeweler to open a boutique on Place Vend me
in 1893, Boucheron has embodied very high-end creation, luxury and French know-how. The mysterious and seductive collection of
Boucheron fragrances unquestionably continues this prestigious line of creations. 

Boucheron s legacy
scents, Femme and Homme , and the legendary Jaipur perfume form the foundation of brand sales. Our team has
enriched the portfolio with Quatre for men and women, along with several special editions, a growing collection of unique
scents aptly named, La Collection , and Serpent Boh me. During 2022, we introduced a new men s fragrance,
Boucheron Singulier , as well as still another addition to our Boucheron Collection . Currently, Boucheron operates
through several boutiques worldwide as well as an e-commerce site. 

Coach In 2015, we entered
into an exclusive 11-year worldwide license to create, produce and distribute new men s and women s fragrances and
fragrance related products under the Coach brand name. We distribute these fragrances globally to department stores, specialty
stores and duty free shops, as well as in Coach retail stores. 

Founded in 1941, Coach
is the ultimate American leather goods brand and has always been renowned for its quality craftsmanship. Now the luxury brand that
best embodies New York s casual elegance, Coach also offers collections of ready-to-wear, lifestyle accessories and fragrances.
Its contemporary approach to luxury combines authenticity and innovation, exported worldwide thanks to its thoroughly American
non-conformist vision. 

In 2016, we launched
our first Coach fragrance, a women s signature scent, and in 2017, a men s scent, both of which became and remain top
selling prestige fragrances. Subsequent flankers and extensions have enlarged the Coach fragrance enterprise as have entirely new
collections, including Coach Dreams which debuted in early 2020, and its sister scent, Dreams Sunset , which debuted
in 2021. For 2022, we unveiled Coach Wild Rose , and Coach Open Road , a new fragrance for men. Coach is part of the Tapestry
house of brands. 

Donna Karan/DKNY In September
2021, we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related
products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands, which took effect on July 1, 2022. The Donna Karan and DKNY brands, which draw
from the energy and attitude of New York City, are powerhouses in fashion and fragrance. These global lifestyle brands will make
excellent additions to our portfolio. With this agreement, we are gaining several well-established and valuable fragrance franchises,
most notably Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious , as well as a significant loyal consumer base around
the world. Upon joining our portfolio, these brands now rank among our largest. We are planning to launch new fragrances under
these brands in 2024. Donna Karan and DKNY are part of the G-III house of brands. 

5 

Dunhill Since 2012, we have
been the exclusive fragrance licensee whereby we create, produce and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under
the Dunhill brand. Our rights under this license terminate on September 30, 2023. 

Emanuel Ungaro In October
2021, we also entered into a 10-year exclusive global licensing agreement with Emanuel Ungaro for the creation, development and
distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related products, under the Emanuel Ungaro brand. Founded in 1965 in Paris, the house
of Emanuel Ungaro is an icon of French refinement and haute couture. Its unique style is expressed through unquestioning sensuality,
purity of silhouette, flamboyant prints, and exquisite attention to details. Season after season, Emanuel Ungaro dared to be different,
combining unexpected yet sensual clashes of bright colors and prints with beautiful draping. Today Ungaro fragrances uphold the
same values of audacity and elegance, and the brand is best known and most prized internationally, and such presence will remain
our sales focus as we continue to produce and distribute the brand s legacy scents, notably Diva. Beginning in 2023,
we plan to unveil a Diva brand extension. 

Graff In 2018, we entered
into an exclusive, 8-year worldwide license agreement with London-based Graff for the creation, development and distribution of
fragrances under the Graff brand. The agreement has three 3-year automatic renewal options, potentially extending the license until
December 31, 2035. 

Since Laurence Graff
OBE founded the company in 1960, Graff has been dedicated to sourcing and crafting diamonds and gemstones of untold beauty and
rarity and transforming them into spectacular pieces of jewelry that move the heart and stir the soul. Throughout its rich history,
Graff has become the world leader for diamonds of rarity, magnitude and distinction. Each jewelry creation is designed and manufactured
in Graff s London atelier, where master craftsmen employ techniques to emphasize the beauty of each individual stone. The
company remains a family business, overseen by Francois Graff, Chief Executive Officer. 

For Graff, a six-scent
collection for women, Lesedi La Rona , debuted exclusively at Harrods beginning in March 2020, which we further extended
through 2020 as a result of the mandatory store closings throughout that year. In 2021, a select market rollout began in the Middle
East, with limited luxury distribution to only the most exclusive, upmarket retail outlets. In 2021 and 2022, we added two new
scents to the Lesedi La Rona collection. 

GUESS In 2018, we entered
into an exclusive, 15-year worldwide license agreement with GUESS, Inc. for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances
under the GUESS brand. 

Established in
1981, GUESS began as a jeans company and has since successfully grown into a global lifestyle brand. GUESS, Inc. designs,
markets, distributes and licenses a lifestyle collection of contemporary apparel, denim, handbags, watches, footwear and other
related consumer products. GUESS products are distributed through branded GUESS stores as well as better department and specialty
stores around the world. 

We began selling GUESS
legacy scents in 2018. In 2019 the GUESS brand quickly became the largest within our U.S. operations, with legacy fragrances dominating
the sales mix. In 2019, we began shipments of 1981 Los Angeles and Seductive Noir , both flankers of established scents,
which accelerated brand growth. 

Nearly three years
in the making, our first new blockbuster scent, Bella Vita , debuted for the GUESS brand both domestically and internationally
in 2021. In addition, Effect, a new men s grooming line and fragrance collection was launched in 2021. Uomo ,
a new men s fragrance for GUESS, came to market in 2022 with a flanker debuting in 2023. 

Hollister In 2014, we entered
into a worldwide license to create, produce and distribute new fragrances and fragrance related products under the Hollister brand
name. We distribute these fragrances in specialty stores, department stores and duty free shops, as well as select Hollister retail
stores in the U.S. In 2016 we launched our first men s and women s fragrance duo, Wave which led to flankers
and extensions as did subsequent fragrance families Festival and Canyon Escape . We have a new pillar debuting in
2023, Feelin Good . 

6 

The quintessential
apparel brand of the global teen consumer, Hollister celebrates the liberating spirit of the endless summer inside everyone. Inspired
by California s laidback attitude, Hollister s clothes are designed to be lived in and made your own, for wherever
life takes you. 

Jimmy Choo In 2009, we entered
into an exclusive 12-year worldwide license agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance
related products under the Jimmy Choo brand, and in 2017, we extended the license agreement which now runs through December 31,
2031. 

Jimmy Choo encompasses
a complete luxury accessories brand. Women s shoes remain the core of the product offering, alongside handbags, small leather
goods, scarves, eyewear, belts, fragrance and men s shoes. Jimmy Choo has a global store network encompassing more than 200
stores and is present in the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide. Jimmy Choo is part of the Capri Holdings
Limited luxury fashion group. 

Our initial Jimmy Choo
fragrance was launched in 2011, a signature scent for women. In the decade that followed, Jimmy Choo has grown to become our second
largest brand with new pillars and flankers debuting regularly, both for men and women. Our newest women s fragrance pillar,
 I Want Choo, was launched in 2021 and for 2022, two flankers debuted, Jimmy Choo Man Aqua and I Want Choo Forever .
For 2023, Jimmy Choo Rose Passion is scheduled to be unveiled. 

Karl Lagerfeld In 2012, we
entered into a 20-year worldwide license agreement with Karl Lagerfeld B.V., the internationally renowned haute couture fashion
house, to create, produce and distribute fragrances under the Karl Lagerfeld brand. 

Under the creative
direction of the late Karl Lagerfeld, one of the world s most influential and iconic designers, the Lagerfeld Portfolio represents
a modern approach to distribution, an innovative digital strategy and a global 360 degree vision that reflects the designer s
own style and soul. Karl Lagerfeld created the first fragrance that bears his name in 1978, and that legacy has expanded to include
several growing multi-scent collections, Les Parfums Mati res and more recently, Karl Cities, a new collection
featuring entries for New York, Paris, Hamburg, Tokyo and Vienna was unveiled. 

Kate Spade In 2019, we entered
into an exclusive, 11-year worldwide license agreement with Kate Spade to create, produce and distribute new perfumes and fragrance
related products under the Kate Spade brand which we distribute globally to department and specialty stores and duty free shops,
as well as in Kate Spade retail stores. Our first original scent, Kate Spade New York , debuted in January 2021 and for 2022,
we added a flanker to our line, Kate Spade Sparkle . Kate Spade Cherie debuted in early 2023. 

Since its launch in
1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, Kate Spade has always stood for optimistic femininity. Today, the brand is a
global life and style house with handbags, ready-to-wear, jewelry, footwear, gifts, home d cor and more. Polished ease,
thoughtful details and a modern, sophisticated use of color Kate Spade s founding principles define a unique style
synonymous with joy. Under the vision of its creative director, the brand continues to celebrate confident women with a youthful
spirit. Kate Spade is part of the Tapestry house of brands. 

Lanvin In 2007, we acquired
the worldwide rights to the Lanvin brand names and international trademarks listed in Class 3, our class of trade. A synonym of
luxury and elegance, the Lanvin fashion house, founded in 1889 by Jeanne Lanvin, expanded into fragrances in the 1920s. 

Lanvin fragrances occupy
an important position in the selective distribution market in France, Eastern Europe and Asia, and we have several lines currently
in distribution, including clat d Arp ge , Lanvin L Homme , Jeanne Lanvin, Modern Princess
 and A Girl in Capri . The clat d Arp ge line accounts for almost 50 of brand sales. Les
Fleurs de Lanvin, a new floral fragrance collection, was released during the second half of 2021. For 2022, we unveiled a new
extension to our clat d Arp ge line, Mon clat . 

7 

MCM In 2019, we entered into
an exclusive, 10-year worldwide license agreement with German luxury fashion house MCM for the creation, development and distribution
of fragrances and fragrance related products under the MCM brand. The agreement has a 4-year automatic renewal option, potentially
extending the license until December 31, 2034. 

MCM is a luxury lifestyle
goods and fashion house founded in 1976 with an attitude defined by the cultural Zeitgeist and its German heritage with a focus
on functional innovation, including the use of cutting-edge techniques. Today, through its association with music, art, travel
and technology, MCM embodies the bold, rebellious and aspirational. Always with an eye on the disruptive, the driving force behind
MCM centers on revolutionizing classic design with futuristic materials. MCM s millennial and Gen Z audience is genderless,
ageless, empowered and unconstrained by rules and boundaries. 

Following through on
our plan to develop extraordinary fragrances that capture the creative spirit of MCM, our first new fragrance, MCM , was
released during the first quarter of 2021 to great, and somewhat unexpected success. We released a flanker in 2022, along with
a limited edition called Graffiti . Our distribution strategy encompasses MCM stores, high-end department stores and prestige
beauty retailers, with a geographic focus on Asia, the Americas and Europe. Our first ever men s scent for the brand is debuting
in 2023. 

Moncler In June 2020, we
entered into an exclusive, 5-year worldwide license agreement with a potential 5-year extension with Moncler for the creation,
development and distribution of fragrances under the Moncler brand. Moncler was founded at Monestier-de-Clermont, Grenoble, France,
in 1952 and is currently headquartered in Italy. Over the years, the brand has combined style with constant technological research
assisted by experts in activities linked to the world of the mountain. The Moncler outerwear collections marry the extreme demands
of nature with those of city life. 

Our
first fragrance for the Moncler brand has a revolutionary LED design, and the flask-shaped bottles of Moncler Pour Femme 
and Moncler Pour Homme forge a powerful bond with the House Moncler s alpine roots and pioneering spirit. This playful
and unique innovation enables its owner to write a personalized note that scrolls in red letters on the screen of the mirror bottle.
Our first fragrance was pre-launched in 250 select outlets in the second half of 2021, and was met with an excellent response.
The rollout to approximately 3,000 doors took place during 2022. Moncler will also launch a new collection in Q1 2023. 

Montblanc In 2010, we entered
into an exclusive license agreement to create, develop and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under the Montblanc
brand. In 2015, we extended the agreement which now runs through December 31, 2025. 

Montblanc has achieved
a world-renowned position in the luxury segment and has become a purveyor of exclusive products, which reflect today s exacting
demands for timeless design, tradition and master craftsmanship. Through its leadership positions in writing instruments, watches
and leather goods, promising growth outlook in women s jewelry, international retail footprint through its network of more
than 600 boutiques, high standards of product design and quality, Montblanc has grown to be our largest fragrance brand. 

In 2011, we launched
our first new Montblanc fragrance, Legend, which quickly became our best-selling men s line and has given rise to
a plethora of flankers including Legend Night and Legend Spirit. In 2014, we launched our second men s line,
 Emblem and like its predecessor, Emblem gave rise to brand extensions. In 2019, we unveiled Montblanc Explorer ,
which has added flankers, most recently Montblanc Explorer Ultra Blue . The Legend continues, as in 2022, we introduced
a new flanker, Montblanc Legend Red . For 2023, extensions for the Montblanc signature scent for women and Explorer line for
men are in the pipeline. 

8 

Oscar de la Renta In 2013,
we entered into an exclusive worldwide license to create, produce and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under
the Oscar de la Renta brand. In 2019, the agreement was extended through December 31, 2031, with an additional five-year option
potentially extending the agreement through December 31, 2036. After taking over distribution of the brand s legacy fragrances
in 2014, we introduced Extraordinary the following year. Oscar de la Renta Bella Blanca debuted in 2018, followed
by Bella Rosa and Bella Essence and soon to join them, Bella Bouquet . Debuting in 2021 was an entirely new
fragrance pillar, Alibi which welcomed a sister scent in 2022, Alibi Eau de Toilette . 

Oscar de la Renta is one of the world s
leading luxury goods firms. The New York-based company was established in 1965, and encompasses a full line of women s accessories,
bridal, children s wear, fragrance, beauty and home goods, in addition to its internationally renowned signature women s
ready to wear collection. Oscar de la Renta products are sold globally in fine department and specialty stores, www.oscardelarenta.com
and through wholesale channels. 

Rochas In 2015, we acquired
the Rochas brand from The Procter Gamble Company. Founded by Marcel Rochas in 1925, the brand began as a fashion house and
expanded into perfumery in the 1950s under H l ne Rochas direction. 

Our first new fragrance
for Rochas, Mademoiselle Rochas , had a successful launch in 2017 in its traditional markets of France and Spain. Over the
next few years, we debuted flankers for legacy scents Eau de Rochas and Mademoiselle Rochas, plus others, and in
2018 we launched our first new men s line, Rochas Moustache . Byzance debuted in early 2020 and Rochas Girl 
in 2021, and the first flanker for both came to market in 2022 as well as one for L Homme Rochas. Flankers for many
of these pillars debuted in 2022 with more to come in 2023. 

Ferragamo In October 2021,
we closed on a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide 10-year license was granted
for the production and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes, with a 5-year optional term if certain conditions are met. Salvatore
Ferragamo S.p.A. is the parent company of the Salvatore Ferragamo Group, one of the world s leaders in the luxury industry
and whose origins date back to 1927. Named after its founder, the brand still represents and lives by the original values of Salvatore
Ferragamo. The uniqueness and exclusivity of its creations, along with the perfect blend of style, creativity and innovation enriched
by the quality and superior craftsmanship of the Made in Italy tradition, have always been the hallmarks of the Salvatore
Ferragamo s products notably shoes, leather goods, apparel, silk products and other accessories for men and women. 

The current fragrance
lineup includes Storie di Seta, a collection of four refined, luminous olfactory works of art. Each fragrance is made with
rare, sustainable raw materials, and can be worn alone or in combination, creating a personalized multifaceted scent. The genderless
collection is comprised of four fragrances in four colors. Four exclusive motifs drawn from the House s textile heritage
adorn each flacon. Established scents in the Ferragamo portfolio include Ferragamo , a collection of fragrances for men,
 Signoria , a collection of fragrances for women, the Tuscan Creations series, the Amo series and the Uomo
 series. New flankers are in the works for 2023 and 2024 with a major new pillar in the works for 2025. 

S.T. Dupont In 1997, we signed
an exclusive worldwide license agreement with S.T. Dupont for the creation, manufacture and distribution of S.T. Dupont fragrances.
The license agreement had been renewed several times and is now renewed annually, without any material changes in terms and conditions.
S.T. Dupont is a French luxury goods house founded in 1872, which is known for its fine writing instruments, lighters and leather
goods. S.T. Dupont fragrances include S.T. Dupont pour Femme , S.T. Dupont pour Homme, Pure and S.T. Dupont Collection. 

Van Cleef Arpels In
2018, we renewed its license agreement for an additional six years with Van Cleef Arpels for the creation, development, and
distribution of fragrance products through December 2024. Our initial 12-year license agreement with Van Cleef Arpels was
signed in 2006. 

9 

Van Cleef Arpels
fragrances in current distribution include: First and Collection Extraordinaire. Sales of the Collection Extraordinaire 
line have experienced continued growth since its debut. We continue to introduce new additions to the Van Cleef Arpels Collection
Extraordinaire assortment annually, including Oud Blanc , in 2020 and R ve de Matiere in 2021. Patchouli
Blanc is the new addition to the Collection Extraordinaire , released in 2022 with further additions coming in 2023.
Founded in 1896, Van Cleef Arpels is a French luxury jewelry company owned by Richemont Holdings Limited. 

Business Strategy 

Focus on prestige
beauty brands . Prestige beauty brands are expected to contribute significantly to our growth. We focus on developing and launching
quality fragrances utilizing internationally renowned brand names. By identifying and concentrating in the most receptive market
segments and territories where our brands are known, and executing highly targeted launches that capture the essence of the brand,
we have had a history of successful launches. Certain fashion designers and other licensors choose us as a partner, because our
Company s size enables us to work more closely with them in the product development process as well as our successful track
record. 

Grow portfolio brands
through new product development and marketing . We grow through the creation of fragrance family extensions within the existing
brands in our portfolio. We regularly create a new family of fragrances for each brand in our portfolio. We frequently introduce
seasonal and limited edition fragrances as well. With new introductions, we leverage our ability and experience to gauge trends
in the market and further leverage the brand name into different product families in order to maximize sales and profit potential.
We have had success in introducing new fragrance families (sub-brands, flanker brands or flankers) within our brand franchises.
Furthermore, we promote the performance of our prestige fragrance operations through knowledge of the market, detailed analysis
of the image and potential of each brand name, and a highly professional approach to international distribution channels. 

Continue to add
new brands to our portfolio, through new licenses or acquisitions. Prestige brands are the core of our business, and we intend
to add new prestige beauty brands to our portfolio. Over the past 35 years, we have built our portfolio of well-known prestige
brands through acquisitions and new license agreements. We intend to further build on our success in prestige fragrances and pursue
new licenses and acquire new brands to strengthen our position in the prestige beauty market. To that end, in 2020, we signed a
new license for the Moncler brand. We also acquired a minority interest in Divabox, which owns the Origines-parfums online platform.
As a website of reference for all selective fragrance brands, Origines-parfums is a key French player in the online beauty market
recognized for its customer relationship expertise. This acquisition enhances the introduction of dedicated fragrance lines and
products designed to address a specific consumer demand for this distribution channel and accelerate our digital development. During
2021, we closed on a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted
for the production and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes. In 2021, we also entered into a long-term global licensing agreement
for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands.
This exclusive license became effective in July 2022. During 2022, we closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive
and worldwide license was granted to Interparfums SA for the production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics.
As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately 256 million, which we believe
should assist us in entering new brand licenses or outright acquisitions. We identify prestige brands that can be developed and
marketed into a full and varied product families and, with our technical knowledge and practical experience gained over time, take
licensed brand names through all phases of concept, development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution. 

Expand existing
portfolio into new categories . We selectively broaden our product offering beyond the fragrance category and offer other fragrance
related products and personal care products under some of our existing brands. We believe such product offerings meet customer
needs, generate trial and further strengthen customer loyalty. 

10 

Continue to build
global distribution footprint . Our business is a global business, and we intend to continue to build our global distribution
footprint. In order to adapt to changes in the environment and our business, in addition to our arrangements with third party distributors
globally, we are operating distribution subsidiaries or divisions in the major markets of the United States, France, Italy and
Spain for distribution of prestige fragrances. We may look into future joint arrangements or acquire distribution companies within
other key markets to distribute certain of our prestige brands. While building a global distribution footprint is part of our long-term
strategy, we may need to make certain decisions based on the short-term needs of the business. We believe that in certain markets,
vertical integration of our distribution network may be one of the keys to future growth of our Company, and ownership of such
distribution should enable us to better serve our customers needs in local markets and adapt more quickly as situations
may determine. 

Production and Supply 

The stages of the development
and production process for all fragrances are as follows: 

Simultaneous discussions with perfume designers and creators (includes analysis of esthetic and olfactory trends, target clientele and market communication approach) 

Concept choice 

Produce mock-ups for final acceptance of bottles and packaging 

Receive bids from component suppliers (glass makers, plastic processors, printers, etc.) and packaging companies 

Choose suppliers 

Schedule production and packaging 

Issue component purchase orders 

Follow quality control procedures for incoming components; and 

Follow packaging and inventory control procedures. 

Suppliers who assist us with product development
include, but are not limited to : 

Independent perfumery design companies (Aesthete, Carr Basset, PI Design, Cent Degres) 

Perfumers (IFF, Givaudan, Firmenich, Robertet, Takasago, Mane) who create a fragrance consistent with our expectations and, that of the fragrance designers and creators 

Fillers (Voyant, CPFPI, Omega Packaging, Societe de Diffusion de Produits de Parfumerie, TSM Brands, ICR, Cosmint, Tatra, Arcade Beauty) 

Bottle manufacturers (Pochet du
Courval, Verescence, Verreries Brosse, Bormioli Luigi, Stoelzle Masni res, Heinz), caps (Qualipac, ALBEA, RPC, Codiplas,
LF Beauty, Texen Group, S.A.R.L. J3P SBG Packaging Group), Pumps (Silgan Dispensing Systems Thomaston Corp, Aptar, Rexam) or boxes
(Autajon, Diamond Packaging, TPC Printing) 

Logistics (Bansard and Bollor Logistics for storage, order preparation and shipment) 

11 

Suppliers accounts
for our European operations are primarily settled in euro and for our United States operations, suppliers accounts are primarily
settled in U.S. dollars. For our European operations components for our prestige fragrances are purchased from many suppliers around
the world and are primarily manufactured in France. 

For United States operations,
components for our prestige fragrances are sourced from many suppliers around the world and are primarily manufactured in the United
States and Italy. Additionally, we occasionally utilize third party manufacturers in China and Turkey. 

Environmental, Social Governance

Both our U.S. operations
and our European operations are good corporate citizens and take our responsibilities seriously. We comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations in general, and in particular with regard to chemicals and hazardous materials. Throughout our supply
chain, from procurement of components to distribution of finished products, we act responsibly and monitor and comply with all
legal requirements. While we do not own our manufacturing facilities, we set a high bar with our industrial partners by placing
an emphasis on quality, the use of good manufacturing practices and innovation, and encouraging them to build strong ESG programs
of their own. Like many of our industry competitors, we are applying a multifunctional and comprehensive approach in addressing
the issues of corporate, environmental and social responsibility and transparency, building off the UN Sustainable Development
Goals. Our European Operations have led the way on this initiative, but our US operations are actively catching up. 

European Operations 

Interparfums SA, our European operations
with their headquarters in Paris, has made further progress in the areas of environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG)
based on the results of the 2022 campaign of the rating agency Ga a Research 1 which ranks the top performing companies
in this area. 

Campaign for Fiscal Year 
 2020 for Fiscal 2019 
 2021 for Fiscal 2020 
 2022 for Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 ESG Rating 
 69/100 
 76/100 
 81/100 

This score is calculated
on the basis of 140 criteria divided into 4 pillars: Environmental, Social, Governance and External Stakeholders. 

Interparfums SA applies
a comprehensive approach in addressing the issues of corporate, environmental and social responsibility and transparency. It has
developed from one year to the next its corporate social responsibility CSR policy, implemented by its Operational
and Support Departments by involving all personnel, and has identified issues to be addressed in three key areas: its responsibilities
toward operational stakeholders, staff and the company. Social and societal values have been an important component of Interparfums
SA s development for a number of years, exemplified notably by an attractive policy of employee benefits and solid relations
with its partners. 

In
October 2022, Interparfums SA announced that it had retained the services of Muriel Buiatti, as its CSR Project Manager to assist
the CSR Executive Committee in achieving its goals. A graduate of the French Engineering School, Ecole Polytechnique, Ms. Buiatti
exercised various responsibilities, including research and development, at L Or al for 13 years. After completing
her Master s Degree in Sustainable Development, she founded Commenterre, which specializes in helping companies address
their CSR issues. 

1 
Ga a Research, a member of the EthiFinance Group is an extra-financial rating agency specializing in rating the ESG performance
of small and midsize companies and mid-cap companies listed on European markets. 

12 

To support its strategy,
at the beginning of 2021 and at the initiative of management, Interparfums SA created an CSR Executive Committee, consisting of
members of the Operations Supply Chain, Human Resources, Legal Affairs and Communications teams, tasked with formalizing
the company s CSR strategy focusing on the following priorities, aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals: 

- reinforce its status as a responsible employer, by notably creating a Responsible Employer
Charter and strengthening the employee training plan; 

- reduce its environmental footprint, notably by adopting environmentally optimized design specifications
to reduce packaging and the introduction of recycled and recyclable materials for each product developed; 

- strengthen its sustainable development approach by formalizing a code of business conduct and ethics
that is enforceable against operational stakeholders. 

Environmental 

Interparfums SA does
not own its own manufacturing facilities, having chosen to support its industrial partners by placing an emphasis on quality, the
use of good manufacturing practices and innovation. The construction of a high quality environmentally certified warehouse in 2011
and sourcing in Europe more than 80 of its needs highlight the efforts undertaken in recent years. In addition, reflecting the
stakes in terms of protecting the planet, Interparfums SA now intends to also exercise an increasingly active role in contributing
to the environment. 

As part of its CSR
strategy, Interparfums SA has partnered with EcoVadis to assess the CSR performance of its supply chain and suppliers. EcoVadis
operates a global platform to assess corporate social responsibility and share performance data using their assessment method based
on international CSR standards. 

In 2022, 119 suppliers
were evaluated or were in the process of being evaluated, representing over 68 of Interparfums SA s procurement activity.
As part of a continuous improvement process, Interparfums SA s objective will be to monitor and encourage the CSR performance
of its suppliers in four major areas: the environment, social and human rights, ethics and responsible procurement. 

EcoVadis assessment
results: 

Number of suppliers evaluated 
 Average EcoVadis score 
 Average Environmental score 
 Average Labor and Human Rights score 
 Average Ethics score 
 Average Sustainable Procurement score 
 
 91 
 66.7 
 69.5 
 66.9 
 60.7 
 65.3 

In addition, in 2022,
Interparfums SA has calculated its total carbon footprint in accordance with international standards, and namely the Green House
Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) for the conversion of all emission sources into tons of CO 2 
equivalent and the Base Carbone , a public database of emission factors made available by the French Agency for
Ecological Transition (ADEME). 

2021 Carbon footprint: 174,930 tCO2e 

- 2021 Carbon intensity: 312 KgCO2e per thousand of revenue (in the low range of our industry) 

13 

In tons CO 2 equivalent 
 2021 
 Weight 
 
 Scope 1 (gas and fuel energy consumption) 
 226 
 0,1 
 
 Scope 2 (electricity consumption) 
 29 
 0,0 
 
 Scope 3 (other indirect emissions) 
 174,675 
 99,9 
 
 Total 
 174,930 
 100,0 

This first measurement is a crucial step before determining
a low carbon trajectory in accordance with the European green deal regulation which aims to be climate-neutral by 2050. 

Moreover, Interparfums
SA complies with IS 22716, International Standards for Good Manufacturing Practices, with all aspects of the manufacturing process,
including receiving of raw materials and packaging materials, production and quality control. In this regulatory environment, regular
audit campaigns are carried out for all packaging plants by the quality department based on the ISO 22716 standard in place. The
ultimate purpose of these audits is to ensure that packaging service providers maintain a good level of traceability for their
activities. All plant activities were reviewed: receiving process for raw materials and packaging materials, manufacturing, packaging
and quality controls. These reports demonstrated that Interparfums SA s subcontractors comply with ISO 22716 Good Manufacturing
Practices and in particular, traceability requirements for all perfume production operations. It is also in compliance with the EU
directive entitled Regulation on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals REACH ), which
governs and regulates the safe use of chemicals. Although not a manufacturer, per se, Interparfums SA has taken the initiative
and monitors its suppliers for compliance with REACH, and has commitments from each of them concerning Substances of Very
High Concern as listed in appendix XIV of REACH. No supplier of Interparfums SA has advised it of any such hazardous materials
in any of its products to date. 

Interparfums SA monitors
the outsourcing of the entire production process of its manufacturing partners with expertise and accountable leadership in their
respective areas. These include producers of juice, glass, caps and cardboard boxes and packaging companies. We take environmental
issues into account at each of these phases, and in particular regarding the choice of materials used for components, waste management
and reducing the carbon footprint. Moreover, all the alcohol used by Interparfums SA is from vegetal origin (essentially from beets). 

14 

Proposing
 environmentally and socially responsible packaging 

2021 
 2022 
 Target
 
 Year 
 
 Monitor:
 Monitor the EcoVadis scores of our suppliers 
 Average
 score 65/100 
 Average
 score 66.7/100 
 Average
 score >70/100 
 2025 
 
 Increase:
 Increase the PCR glass part of our packaging 
 47
 
 46
 
 60
 
 2025 
 
 Initiating
 a low-carbon trajectory 
 
 Reduce: Reduce scope 1, 2, 3 greenhouse gases emission intensity 
 -3 /year 
 
 Neutrality 
 2040 
 
 Contribute 
 Define
 the appropriate regenerative agriculture program 
 One
 5 years program defined 

Sustainability 
The Environment 

At every stage of the
purchasing process, Interparfums SA seeks to determine the precise needs and considers the requirement of limiting sources of unnecessary
costs and a waste of resources: 

- reducing waste, in particular at the phases of production, consumption and the end of the product
life; 

- recycling flawed production, notably at the production phase; 

- repairing palettes to increase their lifespan. 

Interparfums SA regularly
monitors energy and water consumption indicators to assess possibilities for improving energy efficiencies in the area of lighting,
heating and air-conditioning for the entire warehousing site, for example by adjusting ventilation flows and using a program that
reduces heating and ventilation over weekends. 

With this objective,
measures are planned to automatically turn off lights in the warehouse when employees are taking outside breaks and maintain the
warehouse temperature at 11 C (51 Fahrenheit). These energy savings initiatives include measures providing for managing
the hours for reloading the electric forklifts during non-peak hours during the night, requiring low consumption for a maximum
of 280,000 kW instead of 600,000 kW during the day. Monthly reports on electricity consumption are prepared, allowing the company
to analyze the causes for overconsumption, when applicable, in order to take corrective actions as applicable. The measurement
of energy consumption highlighted stable levels for electricity and gas over the last four years, whereas water consumption has
on average declined marginally. Finally, in the spirit of contributing to protecting the environment, the company has installed
parking places at the logistic site for bicycles and electric recharging stations for cars. 

By strategically locating
its warehouse at the crossroads for its subcontractors, Interparfums SA has reduced distances for shipments of finished products. 

Measures undertaken
in collaboration with the warehouse and trade goods shipping manager, within the framework of the improvement and optimization
of shipments between production sites and the logistics platform have contributed to reducing the number of back-and-forth trips
for trucks. 

15 

In the area of transport
to distributors, Interparfums SA uses road transport for France and Europe and maritime transport for the Americas, Asia and the
Middle East. Use of air transport is very limited and reserved only for urgent situations where no other solutions are available.
Certain promotional materials manufactured in Asia are shipped directly to American distributors without being imported and stored
in France. 

In addition, in 2018
Interparfums SA put into service a new warehouse located in Singapore to promote the use of short channels within the Asia Pacific
region. This warehouse makes it possible to maintain a permanent inventory in this region and, in this way, encourages the use
of maritime transport for goods shipped from France to Asia. 

Measures to prevent
environmental risks and pollution involve firstly the choice of techniques and materials. 

To reduce the impacts
of its activities, a water-soluble solution in part biodegradable that does not harm the environment is used in the coloring of
some of its bottles. For the remainder of the product lines, the coating process provides for the gradual elimination of solvent-based
coatings and the progressive adoption of hydro-coating for all the company s products, in compliance with the law of 2005
for reducing emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) in the air. In addition, certain sub-contractors for glass making have
electrostatic air filters to reduce dust and smoke emissions in addition to wastewater recycling. 

Interparfums SA has,
in addition, eliminated thermosetting plastics from its line of bath and body care products in favor of recyclable plastic. 

To balance product
quality and aesthetics with environmental considerations, Interparfums SA takes care to reduce packaging volumes and select the
appropriate materials at each stage of production to ensure optimal conditions for their recycling or disposal. 

The manufacture of
recyclable glass bottles includes a system for the recovery, crushing and remolding the waste. Indicators in place since 2013 for
tracking wastage have improved Interparfums SA s ability to monitor wastage rates by glass bottle decorators. Its first objective
is to apply a continuous improvement approach and reduce rates of wastage over the long term. The second objective is to succeed
in reducing this wastage and reintroduce bottles back into the manufacturing cycle. 

In addition, Interparfums
SA has adopted procedures for recovering waste from subcontractors originating from surplus production or components of discontinued
products. The recovered waste is then sorted for the purpose of their elimination. 

Interparfums SA has
also revised the bulk and secondary packaging (product boxes and perfume sets) in order to optimize the palletizing process, reduce
the purchase of cardboard packaging materials and reduce volumes transported by decreasing the amount of empty space. The company
henceforth requires a minimum number of palettes per truck. 

Finally, cardboard
packaging materials for testers are 100 recyclable. 

Social 

Donations and sponsorship
initiatives: 

- Interparfums SA contributes to volunteer-sector organizations intervening in the areas of solidarity,
childhood, combating exclusion and promoting health, by providing financial assistance to support their projects and initiatives. 

- Since 2018, through the Givaudan Foundation, 

- Interparfums provided support to five schools for the management of their libraries. 

16 

- In 2021, the program for the installation of school libraries continued in Sulawesi with a new
library in Moramo (South East Sulawesi), benefiting 1,040 children and 66 school teachers, and providing a total of 5,180 books. 

- In 2021, 136,000 of charitable initiatives and donations were made by Interparfums SA. 

- Educational establishments: 

- As part of its desire to share its experience and train future generations, Interparfums SA is
a regular contributor, particularly in the fields of marketing and finance, at different leading schools (business schools, Sciences
Po, cole sup rieure de parfumerie). 

- Interparfums SA also regularly welcomes and trains interns at Interparfums SA offices as well as
work-study contract beneficiaries. 

Assisting Local
Economies 

- Production facilities of Interparfums SA s subcontractors as well as warehousing facilities
for finished products are located primarily in the Haute Normandie region of France. These activities contribute to developing
the local economy. 

- Interparfums SA provides support for patchouli-producing communities in Indonesia. 

Sustainable Development
Goals 

In line with Interparfums
SA s Corporate Social Responsibility strategy, the main goals set by Interparfums SA are presented in the following table. 

Social
 Initiatives 
 Current
 Situation 
 Expected
 performance 
 Deadline 

Attracting,
 supporting and developing all talents 
 
 Attract: 
 Write
 a Responsible Employer Charter 
 Share
 the Responsible Employer Charter 
 2023 
 
 Develop:
 Strengthen training 
 50 
 of the employees 
 70 
 of the employees 
 2025 
 
 Develop
 : CSR training for employees 
 - 
 80 
 in 2 years 
 2023 
 
 Diversify: Raising employee 
 awareness about disabilities 
 Once
 a year 
 Once
 a year 

Governance 

- Interparfums SA only engages in recognized ethical practices. 

- It has adopted the Middlenext Corporate Governance Code since 2010, which was revised in September
2016 and September 2021 to ensure effective governance. 

- Board of Directors Interparfums SA has a Board of Directors consisting of 11 members, with
5 members being independent. It also intends to set up a committee of shareholders. 

17 

Director Ethics - in accordance with the new Middlenext Code Recommendation 2 reinforcing the management
of conflicts of interest, each Director declares before each meeting any potential conflicts of interest and, on an annual basis,
any actual or potential conflicts of interest between their obligations to Interparfums SA and their private interests, in particular
with respect to their other offices and functions. 

In any event, the members of the Board shall refrain from participating in the proceedings and
voting on any matter in which they would be in a situation of real or potential conflict of interest. 

- Existence of a CSR Executive Committee 

- Audit committee consisting of 5 independent directors. 

United States Operations 

In the U.S. we are
also a good corporate citizen. Like our French subsidiary, Interparfums USA also retained Muriel Buiatti to advise and guide us
on our path to become a better corporate citizen, as we attempt to increase our efforts in ESG. Also, like our French subsidiary,
we are also not a true manufacturer, but we regularly monitor our subcontractors, suppliers and fillers for their compliance. In
addition, our subcontractors and fillers are subject to inspection and audit from our various licensors for compliance with all
aspects of law. 

Environmental 

In connection with
a new product launch in 2023, Hollister Feelin Good , this new fragrance highlights our ESG efforts we made in 2022: 

Glass containing 10 PCR (post-consumer recycled) glass, and is 100 recyclable. 

Our folding cartons meet the requirements of SFI, the Sustainable Forestry Initiative, and are
100 recyclable. 

Liners are 100 recyclable. 

All components sourced from North/South America closer supply chain for Hollister brand
fragrances and are filled and warehoused in the United States. 

In addition, all folding
cartons for all licensed brands in United States operations now consist of FSC, the Forest Stewardship Council, or SFI certified
paper. We are also making efforts to regionally source components to filling and warehousing locations where practicable in order
to lessen shipping and thereby lower energy costs. For 2023 most giftsets will be reduced in format and size, and we have eliminated
plastic from the following branded gift sets completely, Abercrombie Fitch, Donna Karan, DKNY, Hollister, MCM and Oscar
de la Renta. 

Our largest filler
in the United States has been awarded Bronze status in 2022 from EcoVadis. One of our largest pump manufacturers is the recipient
of a 2021 Gold Medal from EcoVadis for Sustainability and a 2020 Bronze Medal from EcoVadis for its corporate social responsibility
rating, and a large glass bottle manufacturer was awarded gold metals from EcoVadis for its corporate social responsibility rating
two years in a row. In addition in 2021, a large glass bottle manufacturer that we utilize received an A rating for
leadership in corporate sustainability by CDP, a global environmental non-profit group, ranking A for tackling water
security and A- for leading effort against climate change. 

In our U.S. operations,
we do not use any banned ingredients or components and use sustainable ingredients where practicable. Some componentry (glass/folding
cartons) is also recyclable where practicable. For example, our Abercrombie Fitch Away fragrance uses glass and folding
cartons that are 100 recyclable, and the carton liner is 100 recyclable and biodegradable. 

Lastly, our product
development team works with our fragrance houses all very sustainable in their own right to incorporate sustainably
sourced ingredients in the fragrance oils used. 

18 

In addition to
our production operations complying with applicable law, our managers, supervisors and traffic coordinators in our New Jersey
distribution center undergo training in order for us to comply with Dangerous Goods Regulations. Compliance requires training
and certification to deal in hazardous materials to prevent damage to the environment. The two main certifications are: 

International Maritime
Dangerous Goods (IMDG) Dangerous Goods Training 3 year Certification for Ocean Shipment and International Air Transport
Association (IATA) Dangerous Goods Training 2 year Certification for Global Air Shipments. 

Further, our distribution
center in New Jersey has in-rack sprinklers to accommodate our hazardous material products. Our fragrances, Class 9 Consumer
Commodity ID8000, are registered with American Chemistry Council, Inc. (known in the chemicals industry as Chemtrec). Chemtrec
has a 24/7 hazardous materials emergency communications center, which provides immediate assistance for incidents involving hazardous
materials of any kind. 

Social Governance 

We have an Ethical
Code of Conduct, which governs our behavior in the following subject matters: 

CSR Governance 

Employer Values 

Social Values 

Corporate Governance 

Brand Initiatives 

The Environment 

Dangerous Goods Regulations 

CSR Governance 

Introduction 

Responsible
employment, corporate citizenship and governance practices have been an integral part of our values from day one 

 In
 our recent past, environmental practices were mainly based on Good Manufacturing Practices
 and U.S. sourcing. 
 Today, our aim is to elevate the issue of environmental responsibility 

Practices recognized in the areas of responsible
employment, social responsibility and governance 

Employer values: A responsible employer 

An Interparfums spirit cultivating a sense of belonging #OneIP #OneTeam #OneDream 

A proactive employee relations policy 

Social values: Long-standing practices 

Ethical conduct 

Close relations with our partners 

Governance values: Long-proven practices 

Quality of profiles, balance between independent/non-independent board members 

Following Inter Parfums, Inc. Board of Directors Diversity Policy 

Interparfums USA contributes to protecting
the environment 

Application of Good Manufacturing Practices 

Audits of packaging service providers 

U.S. sourcing: 64 

19 

A value chain from design to distribution 

Approximately 40.5
 million bottles were shipped in 2022 throughout the globe 

Approximately 2.5 million gift sets are to be shipped per year, throughout the globe 

Working with U.S. packaging sites: 

6 fragrance filling and assembly sites 

About 20 packaging component sites 

A 150,000 sq. ft. warehouse and distribution facility in Dayton, New Jersey 

Points of sale all around the world 

Targets 

Reinforcing our status as socially engaged and responsible employer 

Reinforcing our corporate governance practices 

Become an active contributor to protecting the environment 

Recent Actions 

Creation of working groups to integrate
an optimized eco-design component in products over their entire lifecycle 

Use of environmentally responsible materials 

Reducing weight and size of glass, cardboard and plastics 

Strengthening relations with design houses (natural products, sourcing, traceability) 

Employer values

Current situation: A proactive employee
relations policy 

Long-standing fundamentals 

A family-style management culture built on fostering close relations 

An Interparfums spirit promoting a sense of belonging 

Ethical values based notably on respecting people 

Welcoming and sharing new ideas 

Job preservation 

Paid time off for vacation, sick days and personal days 

Workplace Quality of life 

Positions that encourage responsibility and autonomy 

Respecting a proper balance between business and private life 

Managing talent (appraisal interviews, training) 

A commitment to combating all forms of discrimination 

Paid
 sick leave benefits, including maternity leave and caring for a family member with a
 serious health condition 

A motivating compensation policy 

Compensation levels in line with market practice 

Savings plans in the form of 401K 

Available health insurance programs with multiple coverage options 

Stock option plans available for certain officers and high-level employees 

20 

Targets 

Formalizing employee relations practices through an employee Workplace Safety Committee 

Social Values 

Current situation: Recognized business
ethics 

Relations with brands under license agreements 

A focus on developing genuine partnerships through close and regular relations with the management
of each brand 

Developing products that respect the codes of each brand 

Dedicated Interparfums USA marketing teams 

Relations with customers 

Long (or very long-term) relationships with distributors 

Taking into account the specific characteristics of each market and country 

Developing products in some cases specifically adapted to demands 

Sharing projects at a very early stage 

Relations with industrial partners 

Long or very long-term relationships with manufacturers in the sector 

Implementing guidelines on Good Manufacturing Practices 

Supporting innovation 

Financial support (2020 pandemic) 

Targets 

Raising awareness of our partners about CSR challenges 

Corporate governance

Current situation: Long-proven practices 

Board of Directors 

10 members: 6 independent directors (60 

Audit Committee, Executive Compensation
Committee and Nominating Committee 

3 members: 3 independent directors (100 

Important Business Policies 

Prohibition on fraud, bribes, kickbacks and other
benefits to suppliers and customers 

Prohibition on trading in the company s securities
on the basis of non-public material information 

Requirement of Company-wide confidentiality for non-public
sensitive or proprietary information 

Prohibition on sexual harassment 

Prohibition on use of child labor and slave labor 

Targets 

Consolidating our existing corporate governance practices 

Strengthening alignment with Inter Parfums, Inc. Board Diversity Policy 

21 

Brand initiatives 

MCM 

MCM EAU DE PARFUM PACKAGING SUSTAINABILITY 

Outer packaging is 100 recyclable and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified 

FSC sets standards for responsible forest management 

FSC is the gold standard in forest certification 

Glass bottle is made from post-industrial recycled materials 

Only environmentally friendly ink and colorants were used for the bottle and carton 

HOLLISTER 

HOLLISTER CANYON ESCAPE named GOOD FOR VEGAN 
by Sephora 

Hollister Canyon Escape For Him and Hollister Canyon Escape For Her meet the following
criteria: 

Do not contain substances of animal origin (i.e., carmine, beeswax, honey, royal jelly, marine
collagen, lanolin, fish extract, musk, silk, gelatin, milk, keratin, etc.) 

Formula has not been tested on animals 

Do not contain raw materials that have been tested on animals since March 11, 2009 for cosmetic
purposes 

ABERCROMBIE FITCH 

ABERCROMBIE FITCH AWAY PACKAGING
SUSTAINABILITY 

Uses glass and folding cartons that are 100 recyclable 

Carton liner is 100 recyclable and biodegradable 

The Environment 

Focus of 2022 work 

Today, Interparfums USA is pursuing an
environmental approach in the following areas 

Manufacturing of components 

The design of fragrances (juice) 

Industrial packaging 

Production of components 

Glass bottles: Reducing consumption of glass and systematic use of recycled glass for launches 

Packaging: Reducing consumption of cardboard, use of sustainable FSC-certified cardboard 

Gift sets: Use of FSC cardboard 

Design of fragrances juice 

Continue close collaboration with fragrance houses to incorporate sustainably sourced ingredients in the fragrance oils used 

Industrial packaging 

Continue to work in close collaboration with EcoVadis Award Winning packaging service providers 

Our largest filler in the United States has been awarded Bronze status in 2022 from EcoVadis. One
of our largest pump manufacturers is the recipient of a 2021 Gold Medal from EcoVadis for Sustainability and a 2020 Bronze Medal
from EcoVadis for its corporate social responsibility rating, and a large glass bottle manufacturer was awarded gold metals from
EcoVadis for its corporate social responsibility rating two years in a row. 

22 

EcoVadis 

A platform used by the main perfumes cosmetics industry players 

4 pillars: 

The environment 

Social Human Rights 

Ethics 

Responsible sourcing 

Targets 

Become an active contributor to protecting the environment as well as through our business partners 

As we continue in
our endeavors of responsible employment, corporate citizenship and governance practices, and continue to elevate the issue of environmental
responsibility, we will update our policies and procedures accordingly. As such, this Ethical Code of Conduct will be updated from
time to time. 

Marketing and Distribution 

Our products are distributed
in over 120 countries around the world through a selective distribution network. For our international distribution, we either
contract with independent distribution companies specializing in luxury goods or distribute prestige products through our distribution
subsidiaries. In each country, we designate anywhere from one to three distributors on an exclusive basis for one or more of our
name brands. We also distribute our products through a variety of duty free operators, such as airports and airlines and select
vacation destinations. 

As our business is
a global one, we intend to continue to build our global distribution footprint. For the distribution of brands within our European
based operations, we operate through our distribution subsidiaries or divisions in the major markets of the United States, France,
Italy and Spain, in addition to our arrangements with third party distributors globally. Our third party distributors vary in size
depending on the number of competing brands they represent. This extensive and diverse network together with our own distribution
subsidiaries provides us with a significant presence in over 120 countries around the world. 

Over 50 of our European
based prestige fragrance net sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. We address certain financial exposures through a controlled
program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter into foreign currency
forward exchange contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. 

The business of our
European operations has become increasingly seasonal due to the timing of shipments by our distribution subsidiaries and divisions
to their customers, which are weighted to the second half of the year. 

For our United States
operations, we distribute products to retailers and distributors in the United States as well as internationally, including duty
free and other travel-related retailers. We utilize our in-house sales team to reach our third party distributors and customers
outside the United States. In addition, the business of our United States operations has become increasingly seasonal as shipments
are weighted toward the second half of the year. 

Competition 

The market for prestige
fragrance products is highly competitive and sensitive to changing preferences and demands. The prestige fragrance industry is
highly concentrated around certain major players with resources far greater than ours. We compete with an original strategy, regular
and methodical development of quality fragrances for a growing portfolio of internationally renowned brand names. 

23 

Inventory 

We purchase raw materials
and component parts from suppliers based on internal estimates of anticipated need for finished goods, which enables us to meet
production requirements for finished goods. We generally ship products to customers within 72 hours of the receipt of their orders.
Our business is not capital intensive, and it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general
contractor and source our needed components from our suppliers. These components are received at one of our distribution centers
and then, based upon production needs, the components are sent to one of several third party fillers or directly to one of those
third party fillers, which manufacture the finished products for us and then deliver them to one of our distribution centers. 

Product Liability 

Our United States operations
maintain product liability coverage in an amount of 10.0 million, and our European operations maintain product liability coverage
in an amount of 20 million (approximately 21 million). Based on our experience, we believe this coverage is adequate and
covers substantially all of the exposure we may have with respect to our products. We have never been the subject of any material
product liability claims. 

Government Regulation 

Under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, fragrance products are regulated as cosmetics, and fragrances include perfumes, colognes and aftershave.
They must meet the same requirements for safety as other cosmetic ingredients. Compliance required of fragrance ingredients include
being safe for consumers when they are used according to labeled directions or as consumers customarily use them. 

Under the Fair Packaging
and Labelling Act, companies and individuals who manufacture or market cosmetics have the legal responsibility to ensure the products
are safe and labelled according to the Act. 

Our fragrance products
that are manufactured and marketed in Europe are also regulated as cosmetics and subject to EU Regulation 1223/2009, and after
Brexit, the United Kingdom regulation of The UK Schedule 34 to the Product Safety and Metrology Regulation 2019. As of the date
of this report, IP products are in compliance with these regulations. 

Trademarks 

The market for our
products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We have licenses or other
rights to use, or own, the material trademark and brand name rights used in connection with the packaging, marketing and distribution
of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where such products are principally sold. Therefore, trademark
and brand name protection are important to our business. Although most of the brand names we license, use or own are registered
in the United States and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in asserting trademark or brand
name protection. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same
extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and brand names may be substantial. 

Under various licenses
and other agreements, we have the right to use certain registered trademarks throughout the world for fragrance products. These
registered trademarks include: 

Abercrombie Fitch 

Anna Sui 

bebe 

Boucheron 

Coach 

24 

Donna Karan and DKNY 

Dunhill 

Emanuel Ungaro 

French Connection 

Graff 

GUESS 

Hollister 

Jimmy Choo 

Kate Spade 

Karl Lagerfeld 

MCM 

Moncler 

Montblanc 

Oscar de la Renta 

Ferragamo 

S.T. Dupont 

Van Cleef Arpels 

In addition, we are the registered owner
of several trademarks for fragrance and beauty products, including: 

Rochas 

Lanvin 

Intimate 

Aziza 

Human Capital 

General 

As of December 31,
2022, we had 527 full-time employees worldwide. Of these, 306 are full-time employees of our European operations and its subsidiaries,
with 186 employees engaged in sales activities and 120 in administrative, production and marketing activities. Our United States
operations have 175 full-time employees, and of these, 51 are engaged in sales activities and 124 in administrative, production
and marketing activities. In addition, Interparfums Italia Srl, our wholly-owned subsidiary, has 46 full-time employees, with 21
engaged in sales activities and 25 in administrative, production and marketing activities. Other than for the employees of Interparfums
Italia Srl, we do not have collective bargaining agreements relating to any of our employees, and we believe the collective bargaining
agreement for our employees of Interparfums Italia Srl will not have a material adverse effect on our operations. We strive to
maintain an inclusive environment free from discrimination of any kind, including sexual or other discriminatory harassment and,
believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 

Goals for our employees Company-wide are 

- developing a team spirit and cross-functional collaboration; 

- maintaining a high level of expertise; 

- cultivating a culture that promotes our values of entrepreneurship, commitment, creativity and
passion; 

- developing a respectful and inclusive work environment; 

- ensuring equal opportunity employment; 

- empowering employees to develop their skills and grow their careers; 

- promoting dialogue between employees and management; 

- offering quality working conditions; 

- preserving the health and safety of all; 

- maintaining a proper balance between professional and private life. 

25 

United States Operations 

Our employees are one
of our most valuable assets, and fostering long-term relationships are beneficial to the continuity of our business. After experience
and expertise in the respective fields of employment, we look for dedication and loyalty among our employees, as we believe having
long-term staff members benefits our Company. All of our executive senior officers have been with us for more than twenty years
(other than our CFO who just joined our company in September 2022), and we have several senior and upper-level staff members, who
have also been with us long-term. These long-term executives and employees believe that our Company and their co-workers are an
extended family and share the same values of entrepreneurship, commitment, creativity and passion. Their efforts and dedication
are what allow our Company to prosper. 

Every year, United
States operations organizes two seminars over several days for all its global sales staff. This seminar provides an opportunity
to present all the Company s brands and products and marketing strategies. 

The safety of our employees
is of paramount importance to us. In the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced brief closures at all of our locations,
and adapted to working remotely. Upon reopening, we implemented prevention protocols to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our
workplaces. These protocols, which remain in place, are in compliance with the Centers for Disease Control guidelines and state
requirements. 

As part of our increasing
benefits of working at our United States operations, we provide a comprehensive benefits package (medical, dental, vision, long-term
disability, accidental death and dismemberment insurance and life insurance, 401-K, commuter benefits), allow Friday remote working
arrangements for our employees, have shorter hours on Fridays during the summer months, offer various gifts and goodie bags 
during various times of the year, have made available food choices for purchase in our lunchroom in New York from the Fra che
fridge, and hold quarterly presentations showing financial results, updates on all departments, existing product lines,
as well as the development and launches of new products for all of our brands for all employees and consultants worldwide of United
States operations so that all are made aware of our operations, and invite comments from those in attendance at the presentations. 

Interparfums Italia
Srl 

The employees of our
wholly-owned Italian subsidiary, Interparfums Italia Srl, receive both benefits required under Italian law and certain additional
benefits that it provides. Below are employee benefits provided as required by law. 

Health insurance
for employees and family coverage 

Supplementary voluntary
severance plan 

Parental leave 

Study leave 

Training in health
and safety at work 

Paid time off 

Implementation of
Covid anti-contagion measures and protocol 

Interparfums Italia
also provides these additional benefits for its employees: 

Working remotely 2 days per
week 

Flexible working hours
(different start and end times for employees workday) 

Onboarding Process
 Welcome day (includes training on Company s history and values, meeting with all teams, a gift and dinner with
the new hire s team) 

26 

Welfare Plan 
 500 per year to each employee that can be used through a dedicated platform that encompasses a broad range of benefits and
services (transportation, education, health, culture and leisure time, supplementary pension, other fringe benefits) 

Paid time off for medical checkups
- 10 hours per year 

Restaurant voucher to cover
lunch expenses (value of 8 per each day worked) 

Mobile phone and unlimited
internet connection for specific category of employees (based on role) 

The following additional benefits
are also provided: 

Event celebrations to actively
promote and build a sense of belonging 

New office set up including
dining area to socialize and relax (free coffee, tea and biscuits) 

Easter - Chocolate eggs
gift for charity purpose (AIL - Italian Association against Leukemia Lymphoma and Myeloma) 

Christmas Greeting
cards and gift sets baskets for charity purpose (ANT Medical care at home for cancer patients) 

European Operations 

Interparfums SA s
employees constitute its most important contributor for creating value. For that reason, their professional fulfillment and motivation
are indispensable drivers for our development. 

With a family-style
management culture that is close to its employees, everyone is free to share their ideas in a manner that respects the company s
values. Management attaches great importance to ensuring that each employee fully understands and supports Interparfums SA s
strategy. 

Through weekly memos
and regular information meetings on business developments and trends, employees are kept up-to-date on expectations of management
and the market. The organization s flexibility largely made up of small teams facilitates its continuous adaptation to all
changes or evolving external conditions. 

This sharing of the
 Interparfums spirit, also entails a commitment to and understanding of its ethical values by each employee, the fulfillment
of employees at work and compliance with good working conditions. This ethical commitment is formalized by a Code of Good
Conduct to which each employee subscribes, and that is focused in particular on health, safety, discipline, risk management,
preventing harassment, respecting individual freedoms, sensitive transactions, fraud and business confidentiality. 

In 2017, Interparfums
SA adopted a Charter relating to the right to disconnect from digital devices that was accepted by each employee. 

Every two to three
years, Interparfums SA organizes a seminar over several days for all its distributors from throughout the world. This seminar provides
an opportunity to present all the company s brands and products, meet with all distributors and involve them in Interparfums
SA s development while giving the distributors an opportunity to meet with staff with whom they work closely on a daily basis. 

The Human Resources
Department pays particular attention to ensuring equal opportunity and non-discrimination for each recruitment. Only skills, experience,
qualifications and the personality of the candidates are taken into account in the selection process for new employees. This diversity
in terms of profiles, culture, age and gender constitutes a decisive strength of its teams, the company s most important
asset. 

27 

Women account for 72 
of Interparfums workforce and 52 of management positions are occupied by women in 2021. 

Since 2019, Interparfums
SA has organized an annual disability awareness raising campaign. In 2021, employees were given an opportunity to participate role-playing
workshop designed to give them a first-hand perspective of a person with a disability (hearing, visual, psychological, motor).
Thanks to these opportunities for exchange, employees were able to talk about their all possible impediments and share their views
and experiences. 

Through these awareness-raising
campaigns and local support from the Human Resources teams, two employees were accorded the status of employees with disabilities
through a specific procedure available in France for that purpose (Reconnaissance de la Qualit de Travailleur Handicap 
or RQTH). 

Interparfums SA also
participates indirectly in promoting the employment of persons with disabilities and combating exclusion discrimination. The company
has chosen to use a sheltered work enterprise to package its perfume boxes and a global communications agency called Les
Papillons de Jour to organize the European Week for the Employment of People with Disabilities (EWPD). 

In 2021, the total
cost for these services amounted to 974,094. 

In addition, Interparfums
SA has adopted action plans promoting the employment of seniors and equal opportunity between men and women. 

Compensation and
wage increases 

Interparfums SA has
a compensation policy as well as a system of job classifications and performance evaluations applied to all employees. These procedures
guarantee the principle of fairness as well as equal treatment of men and women employees. All employees benefit from a combination
of fixed and variable incentive compensation benefits linked to Interparfums SA s performance. 

Profit-sharing 

As required by French
law, a statutory employee profit-sharing agreement was implemented in 2001. In April 2015, this agreement was amended to provide
more advantageous terms to employees, representing an important component of compensation and motivation for all staff and reviewed
every year. 

Savings plan and
pension plan 

All employees of Interparfums
SA benefit from a company savings plan which proposes several types of funds corresponding to the specific projects of each. Since
2017, it has adapted its plan by proposing an Interparfums stock ownership fund allowing employees to take advantage of the growth
of Interparfums shares under favorable tax conditions. The amounts employees pay into this fund are supplemented by an important
contribution by the company. 

In addition, a group
retirement savings plan (Plan d Epargne Retraite Collectif or PERCOL) is available to employees as a vehicle for preparing
for their retirement and to which the company contributes significantly. Employees also can transfer a portion of their unused
annual vacation days into the Interparfums SA retirement savings plan. 

Supplemental defined
contribution retirement plan contract (Article 83) 

Management employees
benefit from a supplemental defined-contribution retirement plan. Participation in this plan is mandatory. This individual plan
is funded by monthly employee and employer contributions, with the breakdown of these latter contributions freely determined. Interparfums
SA has decided to assist its employees in financing this supplemental retirement benefit, by assuming an important percentage of
these contributions itself. 

28 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should carefully
consider these material risk factors before you decide to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. These factors could cause
our future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made by us. The trading price
of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Fragrance Business, Brand Names and Intellectual Property 

We are dependent upon the continuation
and renewal of various licenses and other agreements for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of one or more licenses
or agreements could have a material adverse effect on us. 

All of our rights relating
to prestige fragrance brands, other than Lanvin and Rochas, are derived from licenses or other agreements from unaffiliated third
parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses and other agreements on terms favorable
to us. Each license or agreement is for a specific term and may have additional optional terms. Generally, each license is subject
to us making required royalty payments (which are subject to certain minimums), minimum advertising and promotional expenditures
and meeting minimum sales requirements. Other agreements are generally subject to meeting minimum sales requirements. Just as the
loss of a license or other significant agreement may have a material adverse effect on us, a renewal on less favorable terms may
also negatively impact us. 

If we are unable to acquire or license
additional brands or obtain the required financing for these agreements and arrangements, then the growth of our business could
be impaired. 

Our future expansion
through acquisitions or new product licenses or distribution arrangements, if any, will depend upon the capital resources and working
capital available to us. Further, we may be unable to obtain financing or credit that we may require for additional licenses, acquisitions
or other transactions. We may be unsuccessful in identifying, negotiating, financing and consummating such acquisitions or arrangements
on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could hinder our ability to increase revenues and build our business. Just as the loss
of a license or other significant agreement may have a material adverse effect on us, our failure to acquire rights to new brands
may also negatively impact us. 

We may engage in future acquisitions
that we may not be able to successfully integrate or manage. These acquisitions may dilute our stockholders and cause us to incur
debt and assume contingent liabilities. 

We continuously review
acquisition prospects that would complement our current product offerings, increase our size and geographic scope of operations
or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. The financing, if available, for any of these acquisitions could
significantly dilute our stockholders and/or result in an increase in our indebtedness. We may acquire or make investments in businesses
or products in the future, and such acquisitions may entail numerous integration risks and impose costs on us, including: 

difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses 

diversion of management s attention from our core business 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers 

29 

risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience 

dilutive issuances of equity securities 

incurrence of substantial debt 

assumption of contingent liabilities 

incurrence of significant amortization expenses related to intangible assets and the potential impairment of acquired assets and 

incurrence of significant immediate write-offs. 

Our failure to successfully
complete the integration of any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

Joint arrangements or strategic alliances
in geographic markets in which we have limited, or no prior experience may expose us to additional risks. 

We review, and from
time to time may establish, arrangements and strategic alliances that we believe would complement our current product offerings,
increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. These
business relationships may require us to rely on the local expertise of our partners with respect to market development, sales,
local regulatory compliance and other matters. Further, there may be challenges with ensuring that such arrangements or strategic
alliances implement the appropriate internal controls to ensure compliance with the various laws and regulations applicable to
us as a U.S. public company. Accordingly, in addition to commercial and operational risk, these arrangements and strategic alliances
may entail risks such as reputational risk and regulatory compliance risk. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to identify suitable alliances or candidates, that we will be able to consummate any such alliances or arrangements on
favorable terms, or that we will realize the anticipated benefits of entering into any such alliances or arrangements. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property rights, specifically trademarks and brand names, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 

The market for our
products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with trademarks and brand names that we license, use or own.
We have licenses or other rights to use, or own the material trademark and brand name rights in connection with the packaging,
marketing and distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where such products are principally
sold. Therefore, trademark and brand name protection are important to our business. Although most of the brand names we license,
use or own are registered in the United States and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in
asserting trademark or brand name protection. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual
property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and brand names
may be substantial. 

I f our intangible assets, such as trademarks
and licenses, become impaired, we may be required to record a significant non-cash charge to earnings which would negatively impact
our results of operations. 

Under United States
generally accepted accounting principles, we review our intangible assets, including our trademarks and licenses, for impairment
annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of our intangible assets may not be fully recoverable. The carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable
due to factors such as reduced estimates of future cash flows, including those associated with the specific brands to which intangibles
relate, or slower growth rates in our industry. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a long-term financial outlook of our
operations and the specific brands to which the intangible assets relate. However, actual performance in the near-term or long-term
could be materially different from these forecasts, which could impact future estimates and the recorded value of the intangibles.
Any significant impairment to our intangible assets would result in a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements
during the period in which the impairment is determined to exist. 

30 

The illegal distribution and sale by
third parties of counterfeit versions of the Company s products or the unauthorized diversion by third parties of the Company s
products could have an adverse effect on the Company s revenues and a negative impact on the Company s reputation and
business. 

Third parties may illegally
distribute and sell counterfeit versions of the Company s products. These counterfeit products may be inferior in terms of
quality and other characteristics compared to the Company s authentic products and/or the counterfeit products could pose
safety risks that the Company s authentic products would not otherwise present to consumers. Consumers could confuse counterfeit
products with the Company s authentic products, which could damage or diminish the image, reputation and/or value of the
Company s brands and cause consumers to refrain from purchasing the Company s products in the future. In addition,
the sale of the Company s prestige products through non-authorized grey market channels could damage or diminish
the image, reputation and/or value of the Company s brands and could adversely affect the Company s revenues and have
a negative impact on the Company s reputation. 

Our success depends on our ability to
operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and proprietary
rights of other parties. 

Our commercial success
depends at least in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks,
patents, copyrights and other proprietary rights of others. However, we cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does
not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such rights. Many companies have employed intellectual property
litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage, and to the extent we gain greater visibility and market exposure, we may also
face a greater risk of being the subject of such litigation. For these and other reasons, third parties may allege that our products,
services or activities infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights.
Defending against allegations and litigation could be expensive, take significant time, divert management s attention from
other business concerns, and delay getting our products to market. In addition, if we are found to be infringing, misappropriating
or otherwise violating third party trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights, we may need to obtain a license, which
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or redesign or rebrand our products, which may not be possible.
We may also be required to pay substantial damages or be subject to a court order prohibiting us and our customers from selling
certain products or engaging in certain activities. Our inability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating
or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and proprietary rights of others could therefore have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

COVID-19 Pandemic and Economic Downturn 

Although in both 2022 and 2021 we weathered
the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects to date, if the pandemic reemerges, it may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The public health crisis
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, its variants and the measures being taken by governments, businesses, including us, our suppliers,
our distributors, retailers and the public, to limit COVID-19 s spread, have had and we expect will continue to have, certain
negative impacts on our business including, but not limited to, the following: 

Deteriorating economic and political conditions in certain of our major markets affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns could cause a decrease in demand for our products. 

We may be required to record significant impairment charges with respect to noncurrent assets, including trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets whose fair values may be negatively affected by the effects of re-emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. 

Considerable uncertainty remains regarding the potential re-emergence of COVID-19 variants, including potential reinstatement of measures by various authorities and others in response to any such re-emergence. As we continue to monitor potential COVID-19 variant developments, including the impacts on our consumers, customers and suppliers, we take further measures as necessary to protect our business and our employees. Some of the actions we take could adversely impact our business, and there is no certainty that our actions will be sufficient to mitigate the risks and the impacts of a re-emergence of COVID-19 variants. 

Actions we may take, or decisions on potential actions that we did not take, as a consequence of a resurgence of a COVID-19 variant pandemic may result in claims or litigation against us. 

Consumers may reduce discretionary purchases of our products
as a result of a general economic downturn. 

We believe that a high
degree of global economic uncertainty could have a further negative effect on consumer confidence, demand and spending. In addition,
we believe that consumer spending on beauty products is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary
income. Accordingly, we may experience sustained periods of declines in sales during periods of economic downturn as it may affect
consumer purchasing patterns. In addition, a further general economic downturn may result in further reduced traffic in our customers 
stores which may, in turn, result in reduced net sales to our retail store customers. Any further material reduction in our sales
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

An outbreak of any other disease, epidemic
or pandemic, or similar public health threat on the scope of COVID-19, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s
business, operating results and financial condition. 

An outbreak of disease,
epidemic or pandemic, or similar public threat on the scope of COVID-19, or fear of such an event, that negatively impacts consumer
spending on our products could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and operating
results. The extent and potential short and long-term impact of any other pandemic on the Company s operational and financial
performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, our customers willingness
to travel and purchase our products, and the impact on our supply chain and the financial markets, all of which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted. 

32 

Global Operations 

We are subject to risks related to our
foreign operations, and a disruption in our operations or supply chain could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We operate on a global
basis, with a substantial portion of our net sales and net income generated outside the United States, and we anticipate for the
foreseeable future that a substantial portion of our net sales and net income will be generated outside the United States. A substantial
portion of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments that result from these earnings remain outside the United States.
As a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including: 

changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, as well as changes in United States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and investment; and 

industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information technology, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites or suppliers, product quality control, safety, as well as natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as terrorist attacks, war or other military action and other external factors over which we have no control. 

These risks could have
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Terrorist attacks, acts of war or military
actions, other civil unrest or natural disasters may adversely affect territories in which we operate, and therefore affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

Terrorist attacks such
as those that have previously occurred in Paris, France where we have our European headquarters, amongst other locations, and attempted
terrorist attacks, military responses to terrorist attacks, other military actions, or governmental action in response to or in
anticipation of a terrorist attack, or civil unrest as occurring in the Middle East, Ukraine and Africa or natural disasters, may
adversely affect prevailing economic conditions. These events could result in work stoppages, reduced consumer spending or reduced
demand for our products. These developments subject our worldwide operations to increased risks and, depending on their magnitude,
could reduce net sales and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The loss of or disruption in our distribution
facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We currently have several
distribution facilities in Europe, China and the United States. The loss of any of those facilities, as well as the inventory stored
in those facilities, would require us to find replacement facilities and assets. In addition, acts of God, such as extreme weather
conditions, natural disasters and the like or terrorist attacks, could disrupt our distribution operations. If we cannot replace
our distribution capacity and inventory in a timely, cost-efficient manner, then such failure could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Changes in foreign tax provisions, the
adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flows. 

In addition to being
subject to taxation in the United States, we are subject to income and other taxes in other foreign jurisdictions. Our effective
tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries
with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the
discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. From time to time, tax proposals are introduced
or considered by the United States Congress or the legislative bodies in foreign jurisdictions that could also affect our tax rate,
the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, or our other tax liabilities. Our tax liabilities are also affected by the amounts
we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, and other items in intercompany transactions.
A negative determination or ultimate disposition in any tax audit, changes in tax laws or tax rates, or the ability to utilize
our deferred tax assets could materially affect our tax provision, net income and cash flows in future periods. 

33 

The international character of our business
renders us subject to fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates and international trade tariffs, barriers and other restrictions.

A substantial portion
of our European operations net sales (over 50 are sold in U.S. dollars. In an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign
currency exchange fluctuations, we engage in a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial
instruments for all major currencies with which we operate. Despite such actions, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
for the U.S. dollar, particularly with respect to the euro, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Possible
import, export, tariff and other trade barriers, which could be imposed by the United States, the European Union or other countries
might also have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Changing political conditions could
adversely impact our business and financial results. 

Changes in the political
conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect
our business and financial results. In addition, results of elections, referendums or other political processes in certain markets
in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed could create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies,
laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, the movement of goods, services, capital and people
between countries and other matters. The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate
fluctuations, tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company s business and financial
results. 

Operational Risks 

We are dependent upon Messrs. Jean Madar
and Philippe Benacin, and the loss of their services could harm our business. 

Jean Madar, our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, and Philippe Benacin, our President, and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, are responsible
for day-to-day operations as well as major decisions. Termination of their relationships with us, whether through death, incapacity
or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we cannot assure you that qualified replacements can
be found. 

Our reliance on third party manufacturers
could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We rely on outside
sources to manufacture our fragrances and cosmetics. The failure of such third party manufacturers to deliver either compliant,
quality components or finished goods on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we believe
there are alternate manufacturers available to supply our requirements, we cannot assure you that current or alternative sources
will be able to supply all of our demands on a timely basis. We do not intend to develop our own manufacturing capacity. As these
are third parties over whom we have little or no control, the failure of such third parties to provide components or finished goods
on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our reliance on third party distributors
could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We sell a substantial
percentage of our prestige fragrances through independent distributors specializing in luxury goods. Given the growing importance
of distribution, we have modified our distribution model by owning a controlling interest in certain of our distributors within
key markets. However, we have little or no control over third party distributors and the failure of such third parties to provide
services on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In
addition, if we replace existing third party distributors with new third party distributors or with our own distribution arrangements,
then transition issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

34 

Our business is subject to governmental
regulation, which could impact our operations. 

Under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, fragrance products are regulated as cosmetics, and fragrances include perfumes, colognes and aftershave.
They must meet the same requirements for safety as other cosmetic ingredients. Compliance required of fragrance ingredients include
being safe for consumers when they are used according to labelled directions or as consumers customarily use them. 

Under the Fair Packaging
and Labelling Act, companies and individuals who manufacture or market cosmetics have the legal responsibility to ensure the products
are safe and labelled according to the Act. 

Our fragrance products
that are manufactured and marketed in Europe are also regulated as cosmetics and subject to EU Regulation 1223/2009, and after
Brexit, the United Kingdom regulation of The UK Schedule 34 to the Product Safety and Metrology Regulation 2019. As of the date
of this report, IP products are in compliance with these regulations. 

However, we cannot
assure you that, should we use proscribed ingredients in our fragrance products that we develop or market, or develop or market
fragrance products with different ingredients, or should existing regulations or requirements be revised, we would not in the future
experience difficulty in complying with such requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business could be negatively impacted
by social impact and sustainability matters. 

There continues to
be an increased focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning social impact
and environmental matters. We are spending considerable time addressing social impact and sustainability matters, which are becoming
more prominent issues for certain of our institutional shareholders. From time to time, we may announce certain initiatives, including
goals and commitments, regarding environmental matters, packaging, responsible sourcing and corporate social responsibility. We
could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives, or in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives.
Such failures could be due to changes in distribution channels, new licenses or other acquisitions. Moreover, the standards by
which corporate social responsibility are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that
could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of our initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting
responsibly in connection with these matters. Any of such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is subject to seasonal
variability. 

Our business is somewhat
seasonal due to the timing of shipments to our customers, which are weighted to the second half of the year. Accordingly, our financial
performance, sales, working capital requirements, cash flow and borrowings generally experience variability during the third and
fourth quarters. 

Our business is subject to inflationary
pressures. 

Despite significant
inflationary pressures that started during 2022 affecting many aspects of our business, especially increase component costs and
shipping, we were able to offset the effects of inflation during 2022 by increasing the prices of our products. Although we believe
inflation will continue to be a major factor in 2023, a further increase in sales prices should help to mitigate its impact to
some degree. However, we may not be able to continue increasing our prices indefinitely without causing a reduction in the number
of consumers with sufficient disposable income to buy our certain of our fragrance products, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

35 

Fragrance Markets 

The success of our products is dependent
on public taste. 

Our revenues are substantially
dependent on the success of our products, which depends upon, among other matters, pronounced and rapidly changing public tastes,
factors which are difficult to predict and over which we have little, if any, control. In addition, we have to develop successful
marketing, promotional and sales programs in order to sell our fragrances and fragrance related products. If we are not able to
develop successful marketing, promotional and sales programs, then such failure will have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to extreme competition
in the fragrance industry. 

The market for fragrance
products is highly competitive and sensitive to changing market preferences and demands. Many of our competitors in this market
are larger than we are and have greater financial resources than are available to us, potentially allowing them greater operational
flexibility. Our success in the prestige fragrance industry is dependent upon our ability to continue to generate original strategies
and develop quality products that are in accord with ongoing changes in the market. 

If there is insufficient
demand for our existing fragrance products, or if we do not develop future strategies and products that withstand competition or
if we are unsuccessful in competing on price terms, then we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Changes in laws, regulations and policies
that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results. 

Our business is subject
to numerous laws, regulations and policies. Changes in the laws, regulations and policies, including the interpretation or enforcement
thereof, that affect, or will affect, our business, including changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, environmental
or climate change laws, regulations or accords, trade rules and customs regulations, or increased cosmetics regulation, and the
outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we may take as a result could adversely affect our financial
results. 

General Risk Factors 

Our success depends, in part, on the
quality and safety of our products. 

Our success depends,
in part, on the quality and safety of our products. If our products are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail
to meet our consumers standards, then our relationships with customers or consumers could suffer, the appeal of one or more
of our brands could be diminished, and we could lose sales and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could result
in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our failure to protect our reputation,
or the failure of our partners to protect their reputations, could have a material adverse effect on our brand images. 

Our ability to maintain
our reputation is critical to our various brand images. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards
for merchandise quality and integrity or if we, or the third parties with whom we do business, do not comply with regulations or
accepted practices. Any negative publicity about these types of concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply
with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, such as animal testing,
could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Failure to comply
with local laws and regulations, including applicable U.S. trade sanctions, to maintain an effective system of internal controls
or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. We are also dependent on the
reputations of our brand partners and licensors, which can be affected by matters outside of our control. Damage to our reputation
or the reputations of our brand partners or licensors or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources
to rebuild our reputation. 

36 

Our information systems and websites
may be susceptible to outages, hacking and other risks. 

We have information
systems that support our business processes, including product development, production, marketing, order processing, sales, distribution,
finance and intra-company communications. We also have Internet websites in the United States and Europe. These systems may be
susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, hacking and similar events. Despite the implementation
of network security measures, our systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized
tampering. The occurrence of these or other events could disrupt or damage our information systems and adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

The trading prices of our securities
periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial performance. 

Our business planning
process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular
fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. At the same
time, however, we recognize that it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our forecast of annual net sales and
diluted earnings per share. Accordingly, we provide guidance as to our expected annual net sales, and diluted earnings per share,
which is updated as appropriate throughout the year. While we generally provide updates to our guidance when we report our results
each fiscal quarter if called for, we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or
otherwise. In addition, longer-term guidance that we may from time to time provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time
guidance is given, are reasonably attainable. 

In all of our public
statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking statement about our sales and/or earnings expectations or expectations regarding
other initiatives, we accompany such statements directly, or by reference to a public document, with a list of factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expect. Such a list is included, among other places, in our earnings
press releases (by reference to our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission) and in our periodic filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission e.g., in our reports on Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q). These and other factors may make
it difficult for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings will be in any given fiscal quarter
or year. 

Outside analysts and
investors have the right to make their own predictions of our financial results for any future period. Outside analysts, however,
have access to no more material information about our results or plans than any other public investor, and we do not endorse or
adopt their predictions as to our future performance. Nor do we assume any responsibility to correct the predictions of outside
analysts or others when they differ from our own internal expectations. If and when we announce actual results that differ from
those that outside analysts or others have been predicting, the market price of our securities could be affected. Investors who
rely on the predictions of outside analysts or others when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at
their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

37 

Item 2. Properties 

United States Operations 

We maintain our corporate
headquarters and United States operations in approximately 32,000 square feet with a term that expires on December 31, 2029, and
have been at the same location in New York City since 1992. We also have a 140,000 square foot distribution center in New Jersey,
and this lease expires on October 31, 2025. In addition, we maintain office space in Hong Kong with a lease that expires in June
2023, as well as a small leased distribution center in Hong Kong through December 2023. In October 2021 we leased office space
in Florence, Italy for a 6-year term with an option for an additional 6 years for Interparfums Italia Srl. 

European Operations 

Since March 2022, our
European operations have maintained their corporate headquarters at 10 rue de Solf rino in the 7th arrondissement of Paris.
This is an office complex combining three buildings connected by two inner courtyards and consists of approximately 40,000 total
sq. ft. United States distribution operations for European operations maintain their headquarters in New York City, with a lease
that expires in May 2029. During 2022, we also purchased several small apartments at 96 rue de l Universit , Paris
adjacent to the main office complex and have started the process of converting them into additional offices. A small office is
located Singapore for Asia-Pacific distribution by European operations. 

In addition, European
operations maintain an approximately 37,000 square meters (approximately 398,265 square feet) distribution center located in Criquebeuf
sur Seine, France, with a seven year term that expires May 2027 and an option to extend the term for an additional two years. Interparfums
SA also has several agreements for warehousing and distribution services which are renewed on an annual basis, as well as a one
with a service provider that expires in 2024. Fees payable are partially calculated based upon a percentage of sales, which is
customary in the industry. 

We believe our office and warehouse facilities
are satisfactory for our present needs and those for the foreseeable future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party
to any material lawsuits. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Market for Our Common Stock 

Our Company s common stock, .001
par value per share, is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol IPAR . The following table sets
forth in dollars, the range of high and low closing prices for the past two fiscal years for our common stock. 

Fiscal 2022 
 High Closing Price 
 Low Closing Price 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 99.35 
 74.26 
 
 Third Quarter 
 86.78 
 70.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 89.45 
 64.74 
 
 First Quarter 
 106.82 
 80.22 

Fiscal 2021 
 High Closing Price 
 Low Closing Price 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 106.90 
 75.89 
 
 Third Quarter 
 79.42 
 67.55 
 
 Second Quarter 
 77.95 
 69.96 
 
 First Quarter 
 76.75 
 59.17 

As of February 8, 2023, the number of record
holders, which include brokers and broker nominees, etc., of our common stock was 28. We believe there are approximately 32,436
beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Corporate Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the performance
for the periods indicated in the graph of our common stock with the performance of the Nasdaq Market Index and the average performance
of a group of the Company s peer corporations consisting of: CCA Industries, Inc., Colgate-Palmolive Co., Est e Lauder
Companies, Inc., Inter Parfums, Inc., Kimberly Clark Corp., Natural Health Trends Corp., Procter Gamble Co., Stephan Co.,
Summer Infant, Inc. and United Guardian, Inc. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index
was 100 at the beginning of the period indicated in the graph, and that all dividends were reinvested. 

39 

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL
RETURN 
Among Inter Parfums, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, 
and a Peer Group 

100 invested on 12/31/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment
of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 

Below is the list of the data points for
each year that corresponds to the lines on the above graph. 

12/17 
 12/18 
 12/19 
 12/20 
 12/21 
 12/22 

Inter Parfums, Inc. 
 
 100.00 
 153.33 
 172.84 
 144.75 
 259.11 
 239.94 
 
 NASDAQ Composite 
 
 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 
 
 Peer Group 
 
 100.00 
 99.33 
 136.46 
 159.01 
 192.02 
 171.79 

Dividends 

In April 2020, as a result of the uncertainties
raised by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Directors authorized a temporary suspension of the annual cash dividend. In February
2021, the Board of Directors authorized a reinstatement of an annual dividend of 1.00, payable quarterly. In February 2022, the
Board of Directors authorized a 100 increase in the annual dividend to 2.00 per share. Just recently, in February 2023 the Board
of Directors further increased the annual dividend to 2.50 per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of 0.625 per share is
payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 15, 2023. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

40 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We operate in the fragrance business, and
manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of fragrances and fragrance related products. We manage our business in two segments,
European based operations and United States based operations. Certain prestige fragrance products are produced and marketed by
our European operations through our 72 owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as
28 of Interparfums SA shares trade on the NYSE Euronext. 

We produce and distribute our European based
fragrance products primarily under license agreements with brand owners, and European based fragrance product sales represented
approximately 68 , 75 and 78 of net sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We have built a portfolio of prestige brands,
which include Boucheron, Coach, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade, Lanvin, Moncler, Montblanc, Rochas, S.T. Dupont and
 Van Cleef Arpels , whose products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world. 

Through our United States operations, we
also market fragrance and fragrance related products. United States operations represented 32 , 25 and 22 of net sales in 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively. These fragrance products are sold primarily pursuant to license or other agreements with the owners
of the Abercrombie Fitch, Anna Sui, Donna Karan, DKNY, Ferragamo, Graff, GUESS, Hollister, MCM, Oscar de la Renta and
 Ungaro brands. 

Substantially all of our prestige fragrance
brands are licensed from unaffiliated third parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses.
With respect to the Company s largest brands, we license the Montblanc, Jimmy Choo, Coach and GUESS brand names. 

As a percentage of net sales, product sales
for the Company s largest brands were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Montblanc 
 18 
 19 
 21 
 
 Jimmy Choo 
 18 
 18 
 16 
 
 Coach 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 GUESS 
 12 
 12 
 11 

Quarterly sales fluctuations are influenced
by the timing of new product launches as well as the third and fourth quarter holiday season. In certain markets where we sell
directly to retailers, seasonality is more evident. We primarily sell directly to retailers in France and the United States. 

We grow our business and expand our shares
in two distinct ways. First, by adding new brands to our portfolio, either through new licenses or other arrangements or out-right
acquisitions of brands. Second, we grow through the introduction of new products and by supporting new and established products
through advertising, merchandising and sampling, as well as by phasing out underperforming products, so we can devote greater resources
to those products with greater potential. The economics of developing, producing, launching and supporting products influence our
sales and operating performance each year. The introduction of new products may have some cannibalizing effect on sales of existing
products, which we take into account in our business planning. 

Our business is not capital intensive, and
it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and source our needed components
from our suppliers. These components are either received and stored directly at our third-party fillers or received at one of our
distribution centers and then, based upon production needs, the components are sent to one of several third party fillers, which
manufacture the finished product for us and then deliver them to one of our distribution centers. 

41 

As with any global business, many aspects
of our operations are subject to influences outside our control. We believe we have a strong brand portfolio with global reach
and potential. As part of our strategy, we plan to continue to make investments behind fast-growing markets and channels to grow
market share. 

Our reported net sales are impacted by changes
in foreign currency exchange rates. A strong U.S. dollar has a negative impact on our net sales. However, earnings are positively
affected by a strong dollar, because over 50 of net sales of our European operations are denominated in U.S. dollars, while almost
all costs of our European operations are incurred in euro. Conversely, a weak U.S. dollar has a favorable impact on our net sales
while gross margins are negatively affected. We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of risk management
that includes the use of derivative financial instruments, and primarily enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts
to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. 

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

A novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 surfaced in late 2019 and in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. In response, various national,
state, and local governments issued decrees prohibiting certain businesses from operating and certain classes of workers from reporting
to work. Retail store closings, event cancellations and a shutdown of international air travel brought our sales to a virtual standstill
and caused a significant unfavorable impact on our results of operations in 2020. 

Business significantly improved in the second
half of 2020 and continued to improve throughout 2021 and 2022, as retail stores reopened, and consumers increased online purchasing.
While we expect this trend to continue, the introduction of variants of COVID-19 in various parts of the world has caused the temporary
re-implementation of governmental restrictions to prevent further spread of the virus. In addition, international air travel remains
curtailed in several jurisdictions due to both governmental restrictions and consumer health concerns. While COVID-19 had significantly
restricted international travel, the travel retail business has picked up. We remain confident that travel retail will once again
be a source of growth over the long-term. Lastly, the improved economy has put significant strains on our supply chain causing
disruptions affecting the procurement of components, the ability to transport goods, and related cost increases. These disruptions
have come at a time when demand for our product lines has never been stronger or more sustained. We have been addressing this issue
since the beginning of 2021, by ordering well in advance of need and in larger quantities. Since 2021, we have strived to carry
more inventory overall, source the same components from multiple suppliers and when possible, manufacture products closer to where
they are sold. We do not expect the supply chain bottlenecks to begin lifting until the second half of 2023. Therefore, despite
recent business improvement, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic might continue to have adverse effects on our results of our operations,
financial position and cash flows through at least the first half of 2023. 

Recent Important Events 

Lacoste 

In December 2022, we
closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution
of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures
and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license becomes effective in January 2024 and will last for 15 years. 

Dunhill 

In April 2022, we announced
that the Dunhill fragrance license will expire on September 30, 2023 and will not be renewed. The Company will continue to produce
and sell Dunhill fragrances until the license expires and will maintain the right to sell-off remaining Dunhill fragrance inventory
for a limited time as is customary in the fragrance industry. 

42 

Salvatore Ferragamo 

In October 2021, we
closed on a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the
production and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising
expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in October 2021 and will last
for 10 years with a 5-year optional term, subject to certain conditions. 

With respect to the
management and coordination of activities related to the license agreement, the Company operates through a wholly-owned Italian
subsidiary based in Florence, that was acquired from Salvatore Ferragamo on October 1, 2021. The acquisition together with the
license agreement was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 

Emanuel Ungaro 

In October 2021, we
also entered into a 10-year exclusive global licensing agreement a with a 5-year optional term subject to certain conditions, with
Emanuel Ungaro Italia S.r.l, for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related products, under
the Emanuel Ungaro brand. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments
as are customary in our industry. 

Donna Karan and DKNY 

In September 2021,
we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related
products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures
and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. With this agreement, we are gaining several well-established and valuable
fragrance franchises, most notably Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious , as well as a significant loyal
consumer base around the world. In connection with the grant of license, we issued 65,342 shares of Inter Parfums, Inc. common
stock valued at 5.0 million to the licensor. The exclusive license became effective on July 1, 2022, and we are planning to launch
new fragrances under these brands in 2024. 

Rochas Fashion 

Effective January
1, 2021, we entered into a new license agreement modifying our Rochas fashion business model. The new agreement calls for a reduction
in royalties to be received. As a result, in the first quarter of 2021, we took a 2.4 million impairment charge on our Rochas
fashion trademark. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we again took a 6.8 million impairment charge on the Rochas fashion trademark
after an independent expert concluded that the valuation of the trademark was 11.3 million. The new license also contains an
option for the licensee to buy-out the Rochas fashion trademarks in June 2025 at its then fair market value. 

Land
and Building Acquisition - Future Headquarters in Paris 

In
April 2021, Interparfums SA, our 73 owned French subsidiary, completed the acquisition of its future headquarters at 10 rue de
Solf rino in the 7th arrondissement of Paris from the property developer. This is an office complex combining three buildings
connected by two inner courtyards, and consists of approximately 40,000 total sq. ft. 

The
purchase price includes the complete renovation of the site. As of December 31, 2022, 148.1 million of the purchase price, including
approximately 4.4 million of acquisition costs, is included in property, equipment and leasehold improvements on the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The purchase price has been allocated approximately 61.1 million to land and 87.0 million
to the building. The building, which was delivered on February 28, 2022, includes the building structure, development of
the property, fa ade waterproofing, general and technical installations and interior fittings that will be depreciated
over a range of 7 to 50 years. The Company has elected to depreciate the building cost based on the useful lives of its components.
Approximately 3.4 million of cash held in escrow is also included in property, equipment and leasehold improvements on the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

The acquisition was
financed by a 10-year 120 million (approximately 128.0 million) bank loan which bears interest at one-month Euribor plus
0.75 . Approximately 80 million of the variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with a maximum rate
of 2 per annum. 

Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies 

We make estimates and assumptions in the
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following
discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results of operations. These accounting policies generally require our management s most difficult and subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management
of the Company has discussed the selection of significant accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. 

Long-Lived Assets 

We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible
assets for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change,
such as an unexpected decline in sales, that would more likely than not indicate that the carrying value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset may not be recoverable. When testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the evaluation requires
a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. The fair values used in our evaluations
are estimated based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of 9.80 . The cash flow
projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including, future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense
levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are
more subjective in nature. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment
charge is recorded. 

43 

We believe that the assumptions we have
made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable. However, if future actual results do not
meet our expectations, we may be required to record an impairment charge, the amount of which could be material to our results
of operations. 

At December 31, 2022 indefinite-lived intangible
assets aggregated 105.0 million. The following table presents the impact a change in the following significant assumptions would
have had on the calculated fair value in 2022 assuming all other assumptions remained constant: 

in millions 
 Change 
 Increase
 (decrease) to fair value 

Weighted average cost of capital 
 +10 
 (7.2 
 
 Weighted average cost of capital 
 -10 
 8.1 
 
 Future sales levels 
 +10 
 9.7 
 
 Future sales levels 
 -10 
 (9.7 

Intangible assets subject to amortization
are evaluated for impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an amortizable
intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist for an amortizable intangible asset, the undiscounted future
cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value of the asset. If our
projection of undiscounted future cash flows is in excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset, no impairment charge is
recorded. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset, an impairment
charge would be recorded to reduce the intangible asset to its fair value. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of
assumptions, including future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions,
changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. In those cases
where we determine that the useful life of long-lived assets should be shortened, we would amortize the net book value in excess
of the salvage value (after testing for impairment as described above), over the revised remaining useful life of such asset thereby
increasing amortization expense. We believe that the assumptions we have made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations
described above are reasonable. 

In determining the useful life of our Lanvin
brand names and trademarks, we applied the provisions of ASC topic 350-30-35-3. The only factor that prevented us from determining
that the Lanvin brand names and trademarks were indefinite life intangible assets was Item c. Any legal, regulatory, or
contractual provisions that may limit the useful life. The existence of a repurchase option originally in 2025 and amended
to 2027, may limit the useful life of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks to the Company. However, this limitation would only
take effect if the repurchase option were to be exercised and the repurchase price was paid. If the repurchase option is not exercised,
then the Lanvin brand names and trademarks are expected to continue to contribute directly to the future cash flows of our Company
and their useful life would be considered to be indefinite. 

With respect to the application of ASC topic
350-30-35-8, the Lanvin brand names and trademarks would only have a finite life to our Company if the repurchase option were exercised,
and in applying ASC topic 350-30-35-8, we assumed that the repurchase option is exercised. When exercised, Lanvin has an obligation
to pay the exercise price and the Company would be required to convey the Lanvin brand names and trademarks back to Lanvin. The
exercise price to be received (residual value) is well in excess of the carrying value of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks,
therefore no amortization is required. 

44 

Quantitative Analysis 

During the three-year period ended December
31, 2022, we have not made any material changes in our assumptions underlying these critical accounting policies or to the related
significant estimates. The results of our business underlying these assumptions have not differed significantly from our expectations. 

While
we believe the estimates we have made are proper and the related results of operations for the period are presented fairly in
all material respects, other assumptions could reasonably be justified that would change the amount of reported net sales, cost
of sales, and selling, general and administrative expenses as they relate to the provisions for anticipated sales returns, allowance
for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence reserves. For 2022, had these estimates been changed simultaneously by 5 in
either direction, our reported gross profit would have increased or decreased by approximately 0.8 million and selling, general
and administrative expenses would have changed by approximately 0.1 million. The collective impact of these changes on 2022 operating
income, net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc., and net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. per diluted share would
be an increase or decrease of approximately 0.8 million, 0.5 million and 0.02, respectively. 

Results of Operations 

Net Sales 
 Years
ended December 31, 
 
 (in millions) 
 2022 
 
Change 
 2021 
 
Change 
 2020 
 
 European based product sales 
 744.0 
 12 
 663.2 
 57 
 422.9 
 
 United States based product sales 
 342.7 
 58 
 216.4 
 86 
 116.1 
 
 Total net sales 
 1,086.7 
 24 
 879.6 
 63 
 539.0 

Net sales rebounded significantly in 2021,
as compared to 2020 for both European and United States based operations and continued to increase in 2022. At comparable foreign
currency exchange rates, net sales increased 30 in 2022, as compared to 2021. Net sales in 2020 reflected the negative impacts
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the beauty industry. Retail store closings, event cancellations and a shutdown of international air
travel brought our sales to a virtual standstill in early 2020. In the second half of 2020, business began rebounding thanks to
retail stores reopening and a robust e-commerce business conducted by our retail customers. 

For European based operations, our largest
brands, Montblanc, Jimmy Choo and Coach grew 2022 sales by 15 , 23 and 18 , respectively, as compared to 2021. There were also
significant gains made by our mid-sized brands, including Van Cleef Arpels and Karl Lagerfeld. The year-over-year gains,
in both euro and dollars, are all the more impressive considering our new product pipeline was dominated by flankers and extensions.
However, we did bring to market several entirely new lines, including our first ever Moncler duo, Kate Spade Sparkle, Singulier
 by Boucheron and Open Road and Wild Rose by Coach. 

In 2021, GUESS became our fourth brand
with sales exceeding 100 million. Strong momentum on GUESS continued in 2022 with brand sales increasing another 24 as compared
to 2021. There were also significant gains made by our mid-sized brands, especially Abercrombie Fitch, Hollister and Oscar
de la Renta. Additionally, 2022 saw the first full year of sales of Ferragamo products and in the second half of 2022, we also
welcomed first time sales of our newest brands, Donna Karan/DKNY. Together, these new brands contributed to 38 growth of our
US operations. 

45 

We are confident in our future as 2023
has many exciting developments for the Company. We have transitioned to a new modern enterprise resource planning system (ERP)
for our US operations which will enable us to operate more efficiently and offer more scale to absorb our newer brands We have
a solid line-up of new product launches in the pipeline for many of our brands. This includes the roll out of the Moncler Collection
 in the first quarter and a Duo flanker in the third quarter, a launch of GUESS Uomo Acqua in the second quarter,
as well as Bella Vita Paradiso in the fourth quarter. Extensions of the Montblanc Legend , Jimmy Choo Man 
and Jimmy Choo s I Want Choo , debut in the first, second and third quarters, respectively. Also, in the third quarter,
we will unveil new men s lines for Coach and Boucheron. Brand extensions and flankers are in the works for MCM, Abercrombie
 Fitch, Hollister, Anna Sui, and Oscar de la Renta. In sum, 2023 has all the earmarks of another superb year as the growth
catalysts currently far outweigh the headwinds, most notably inflation and supply chain disruptions. Lastly, we have recently
announced the license agreement with Lacoste which will offer us another sizable building block of growth in 2024. 

As in the past, we hope to benefit from
our strong financial position to potentially acquire one or more brands, either on a proprietary basis or as a licensee. However,
we have no certainty that any new license or acquisition agreements will be consummated. 

Net Sales to
Customers by Region 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(in millions) 

North America 
 431.9 
 354.1 
 193.5 
 
 Western Europe 
 259.2 
 202.0 
 147.1 
 
 Asia 
 152.7 
 128.0 
 79.7 
 
 Middle East 
 87.8 
 61.0 
 46.8 
 
 Eastern Europe 
 74.2 
 69.7 
 33.1 
 
 Central and South America 
 69.9 
 56.4 
 32.5 
 
 Other 
 11.0 
 8.4 
 6.3 

1,086.7 
 879.6 
 539.0 

Our largest market, North America achieved
sales growth of 22 in 2022 compared to 2021, while Western Europe and Asia grew sales by 28 and 19 in 2022, respectively, compared
to 2021. Latin America and the Middle East also achieved top line growth of 24 and 44 in 2022, respectively compared to 2021.
Eastern Europe saw only moderate top line growth of 6 as compared to 2021 largely related to the war in Ukraine. 

Gross Margins 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(in millions) 
 
 European operations: 

Net sales 
 744.0 
 663.2 
 422.9 
 
 Cost of sales 
 236.9 
 221.2 
 152.3 
 
 Gross margin 
 507.1 
 442.0 
 270.6 
 
 Gross margin, as a percent of net sales 
 68.2 
 66.6 
 64.0 

United States operations: 

Net sales 
 342.7 
 216.4 
 116.1 
 
 Cost of sales 
 155.4 
 101.5 
 56.0 
 
 Gross margin 
 187.3 
 114.9 
 60.1 
 
 Gross margin, as a percent of net sales 
 54.7 
 53.1 
 51.8 

46 

For European based operations, gross profit
margin as a percentage of net sales was 68.2 , 66.6 and 64.0 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Distribution in the United
States for European based operations is handled by a 100 owned subsidiary of Interparfums SA based in the United States. Therefore,
sales are made at a wholesale price rather than at an ex-factory price, resulting in higher gross margins. Net sales of our U.S.
based distribution subsidiary increased 16 in 2022, as compared to 2021, leading to favorable mix and giving rise to the increase
in gross margin in 2022 over both 2021 and 2020. We carefully monitor movements in foreign currency exchange rates as over 50 
of our European based operations net sales is denominated in U.S. dollars, while most of our costs are incurred in euro. From a
margin standpoint, a strong U.S. dollar has a positive effect on our gross margin while a weak U.S. dollar has a negative effect.
The average dollar/euro exchange rate was 1.05 in 2022, 1.18 in 2021, and 1.15 in 2020. Pricing action also enabled us to offset
inflationary pressures. 

For United States operations, gross profit
margin was 54.7 , 53.1 and 51.8 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. With a decline in sales in 2020, certain expenses such
as depreciation of tools and molds together with the distribution of point-of-sale materials exaggerated the decline in gross margin
for the year as a percentage of sales. The scale benefits coming from our significant growth in 2021 and 2022, combined with pricing
actions and favorable channel/brand mix, have enabled us to more than offset the impacts of inflation and thus expand gross margin
by 130 bps in 2021 and another 160 bps in 2022. 

Costs relating to purchase with purchase
and gift with purchase promotions are reflected in cost of sales, and aggregated 43.1 million, 36.9 million and 26.4 million
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and represented 4.0 , 4.2 and 4.9 of net sales, respectively. 

Generally, we do not bill customers for
shipping and handling costs and such costs, which aggregated 15.8 million, 10.0 million and 5.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. As such, our
Company s gross margins may not be comparable to other companies, which may include these expenses as a component of cost
of goods sold. 

Selling, General Administrative
Expenses 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(in millions) 
 
 European Operations 

Selling, general administrative expenses 
 358.3 
 327.5 
 210.6 
 
 Selling, general administrative expenses as a percent of net sales 
 48.2 
 49.4 
 49.8 
 
 United States Operations 

Selling, general administrative expenses 
 134.0 
 79.0 
 50.1 
 
 Selling, general administrative expenses as a percent of net sales 
 39.1 
 36.5 
 43.1 

For European operations, selling, general
and administrative expenses increased 9 and 55 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year period,
and represented 48.2 , 49.4 and 49.8 of sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively as we were able to leverage our scale. As
discussed in more detail below, these fluctuations, which are in line with the fluctuations in sales for European operations, are
primarily from variations in promotion and advertising expenditures. For United States operations, selling, general and administrative
expenses increased 70 and 58 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year period and represented
39.1 , 36.5 and 43.1 of sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As discussed in more detail below, the increased selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales are primarily the result of increases in promotion and advertising
expenditures. Additionally, the US based operations increased expenses related to salaries and benefits as we build the organization
and infrastructure to support our new brands and future growth. 

47 

Promotion and advertising included in selling,
general and administrative expenses aggregated 212.4 million, 171.1 million and 91.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Promotion and advertising as a percentage of sales represented 19.5 , 19.5 and 17.0 of net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Promotion and advertising programs were cut significantly in 2020 in response to market conditions. Promotion and advertising are
integral parts of our industry, and we continue to invest heavily in promotional spending to support new product launches and to
build brand awareness. We believe that our promotion and advertising efforts have had a beneficial effect on online net sales,
causing then to continue to grow strongly on a global basis. All of our brands have benefitted from newly launched and enhanced
e-commerce sites in existing markets in collaboration with our retail customers on their e-commerce sites. We also continue to
develop and implement omnichannel concepts, the way brick-and-mortar stores and a business online operations work in tandem,
and compelling content to deliver an integrated consumer experience. We anticipated that on a full year basis, future promotion
and advertising expenditures will aggregate approximately 21 of net sales, which is in line with pre-COVID historical averages. 

Royalty expense included in selling, general
and administrative expenses aggregated 87.0 million, 68.9 million and 41.1 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Royalty
expense as a percentage of sales represented 8.0 , 7.8 and 7.6 of net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increases
in 2022 and 2021, as a percentage of sales, are directly related to new licenses and increased royalty-based product sales. As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we reached agreements with most of our licensors to waive or significantly reduce minimum guaranteed
royalties for 2020. 

Service fees, which are fees paid within
our European operations to third parties relating to the activities of our distribution subsidiaries, aggregated 7.9 million,
 9.4 million and 6.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2022 and 2021 amounts are in line with and directly related
to fluctuations in sales within our U.S. distribution subsidiary. 

Income from Operations 

As a result of the above analysis regarding
net sales, gross profit margins and selling, general and administrative expenses, our operating margins aggregated 17.9 , 16.8 
and 13.1 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Other Income and Expenses 

In December 2022, to
finance the acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a 53.3 million 50 million) four-year loan agreement.
The loan agreement bears interest at EURIBOR-1 month rates plus a margin of 0.825 . This variable rate debt was swapped for variable
interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2 per annum. Additionally, in April 2021, we completed the acquisition of the future
headquarters of Interparfums SA. The acquisition was financed by a 10-year 120 million (approximately 128 million) bank
loan which bears interest at one-month Euribor plus 0.75 . Also in 2021, approximately 80 million of the variable rate debt
was swapped for fixed interest rate debt. Long-term debt including current maturities aggregated 186.8 million, 148.8 million
and 24.7 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We enter into foreign currency forward exchange
contracts to manage exposure related to receivables from unaffiliated third parties denominated in a foreign currency and occasionally
to manage risks related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. Due to the sizable swings in currency
rates during 2022, we went from recognizing a gain of 2.3 million in 2021 to a loss of 1.9 million in 2022. This accounts for
most of our fluctuation within Other income and expenses. 

Interest and investment income represents
interest earned on cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. In 2022, short-term investments include approximately
 19.9 million of marketable equity securities of other companies in the luxury goods sector. Interest and investment income includes
approximately 3.1 million of unrealized gains on marketable equity securities. Given our strong balance sheet and cash position,
the increase in interest rates had a favorable impact on interest and investment income. 

Income Taxes 

Our effective income tax rate was 22.2 ,
27.1 and 27.9 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

48 

Income tax expense represents U.S. federal,
foreign, state and local income taxes. The effective rate differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to the effect of
state and local income taxes, the tax impact of share-based compensation and the taxation of foreign income including tax settlements.
Our effective tax rate will change from year-to-year based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix
of earnings, enacted tax legislation, state and local income taxes, the tax impact of share-based compensation, the interaction
of various global tax strategies and the impact from certain acquisitions. 

Our effective income tax rate for European
operations was 25.2 , 30.6 and 29.7 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as the French Prime Minister reduced the French corporate
income tax rate from approximately 33 to 25 over a three-year period. 

Our effective income tax rate for U.S. operations
was 13.8 , 15.6 and 16.7 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Our effective tax rate differs from the
21 statutory rate due to state, local and foreign taxes, offset by benefits received from the exercise of stock options as well
as deductions we are allowed for a portion of our foreign derived intangible income. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2022,
our U.S. operations recognized a one-time tax benefit of 2.5 million associated with the 2021 Salvatore Ferragamo acquisition.
At the time of the acquisition, we had not recognized deferred tax benefits as there were uncertainties concerning its potential
recoverability; however, as of September 30, 2022, the recoverability was deemed likely. 

The Company has determined that it has no
tax liability related global intangible low-taxed income GILTI as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company
also estimated the effect of its foreign derived intangible income FDII and recorded a tax benefit of 1.5 million,
 0.6 million and 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Share-based compensation resulted in a discrete
tax benefit of 0.8 million, 1.3 million and 0.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Net Income 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(In thousands) 

Net income attributable to European operations 
 107,292 
 80,670 
 41,990 
 
 Net income attributable to United States operations 
 43,745 
 29,357 
 7,978 
 
 Net income 
 151,037 
 110,027 
 49,968 
 
 Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 30,099 
 22,616 
 11,749 
 
 Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. 
 120,938 
 87,411 
 38,219 

Net income attributable to European operations
was 107.3 million, 80.7 million and 42.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while net income attributable to United
States operations was 43.7 million, 29.4 million and 8.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fluctuations in net
income for both European operations and United States operations are directly related to the previous discussions concerning changes
in sales, gross profit margins, selling, general and administrative expenses, most of which were caused by the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic beginning in 2020 and the recovery in 2021 and 2022. 

The noncontrolling interest arises primarily
from our 72 owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as 28 of Interparfums SA shares
trade on the Euronext. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest is directly related to the profitability of our European
operations and aggregated 27.9 , 28.0 and 28.1 of European operations net income in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net margins
attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. aggregated 11.1 , 9.9 and 7.1 in 2022, 2022 and 2020, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our conservative financial tradition has
enabled us to amass significant cash balances. As of December 31, 2022, we had 256 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments, most of which are held in euro by our European operations and are readily convertible into U.S. dollars. We have not
had any liquidity issues to date, and do not expect any liquidity issues relating to such cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investments. As of December 31, 2022, short-term investments include approximately 19.9 million of marketable equity securities. 

49 

As of December 31, 2022, working capital
aggregated 443 million, and we had a working capital ratio of 2.3 to 1. Approximately 80 of the Company s total assets
are held by European operations including approximately 249 million of trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets. 

The Company is party to a number of license
and other agreements for the use of trademarks and rights in connection with the manufacture and sale of its products expiring
at various dates through 2039. In connection with certain of these license agreements, the Company is subject to minimum annual
advertising commitments, minimum annual royalties and other commitments. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data Note 12 Commitments in this annual report on Form 10-K. Future advertising commitments are estimated based
on planned future sales for the license terms that were in effect at December 31, 2022, without consideration for potential renewal
periods and do not reflect the fact that our distributors share our advertising obligations. 

The Company hopes to continue to benefit
from its strong financial position to potentially acquire one or more brands, either on a proprietary basis or as a licensee. In
December 2022, we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances
and fragrance-related products under the Lacoste brand. This new license takes effect January 2024. 

In September 2021, we entered into a long-term
global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related products under the
Donna Karan and DKNY brands. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty
payments as are customary in our industry. With this agreement, we are gaining several well-established and valuable fragrance
franchises, most notably Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious , as well as a significant loyal consumer
base around the world. The exclusive license became effective on July 1, 2022, and we are planning to launch new fragrances under
these brands in 2024. 

In October 2021, we closed on a transaction
agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution
of Ferragamo brand perfumes. The license became effective in October 2021 and will last for 10 years with a 5-year optional term,
subject to certain conditions. With respect to the management and coordination of activities related to the license agreement,
the Company is operating through a wholly-owned Italian subsidiary based in Florence, that was acquired from Salvatore Ferragamo
on October 1, 2021. The acquisition together with the license agreement was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The total cost
of the assets acquired net of liabilities assumed aggregated approximately 35.8 million. In connection with this acquisition,
we agreed to pay 17.0 million in equal annual installments of 1.7 million including interest imputed at 2.0 . 

Opportunities for external growth are regularly
examined, with the priority of maintaining the quality and homogeneous nature of our portfolio. However, we cannot assure you that
any new license or acquisition agreements will be consummated. 

Cash provided by operating activities
aggregated 115.2 million, 119.6 million, and 65.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, working capital items
used 65.6 million in cash from operating activities, as compared to 13.7 million in 2021 and 7.3 million in 2020. Although,
from a cash flow perspective, accounts receivable is up approximately 37 from year-end 2021, the balance is reasonable based
upon fourth quarter 2022 record sales levels and reflects strong collection activity as day s sales outstanding increased
slightly to 64 days in 2022, as compared to 61 days in 2022 and decreased significantly as compared to 86 days in 2020. From a
cash flow perspective, inventory levels are up 49 from year-end 2021. Inventory days on hand increased to 231 days in 2022, as
compared to 208 days in 2021, and 277 days in 2020 as we chose to protect service level in light of the COVID driven supply chain
disruptions. 

Cash flows used in investing activities
reflect the purchase and sales of short-term investments. These investments consist of certificates of deposit with maturities
greater than three months marketable equity securities and other contracts. At December 31, 2022, approximately 39 million of
certificates of deposit contain penalties where we would forfeit a portion of the interest earned in the event of early withdrawal. 

50 

Our business is not capital intensive as
we do not own any manufacturing facilities. On a full year basis, we generally spend less than 5.0 million on capital expenditures
including tools and molds needed to support our new product development calendar. Capital expenditures also include amounts for
office fixtures, computer equipment and industrial equipment needed at our distribution centers. 

In December 2022, to finance Interparfums
SA s acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a 53.3 million 50 million) four-year loan agreement.
The loan agreement bears interest at EURIBOR-1 month rates plus a margin of 0.825 . This variable rate debt was swapped for variable
interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2 per annum. 

In April 2021, Interparfums SA completed
the acquisition of its future headquarters at 10 rue de Solf rino in the 7th arrondissement of Paris from the property developer.
This is an office complex combining three buildings connected by two inner courtyards, and consists of approximately 40,000 total
sq. ft. 

The 142 million purchase price is in line
with market value and includes the complete renovation of the site. As of December 31, 2021, 136.1 million of the purchase price,
including approximately 3.1 million of acquisition costs, is included in building, equipment and leasehold improvements on the
accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Approximately 8.8 million of cash held in escrow is included in other assets
on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. In 2022 this cash was released from escrow and there is no longer any
balance of cash outside of cash and cash equivalents on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the
Company borrowed 17.0 million pursuant to a short-term loan equal to the VAT credit, and in July 2021, the 17.0 million VAT credit
was reimbursed by the French Tax Authorities and the loan was repaid. 

The acquisition was
financed by a 10-year 120 million (approximately 136 million) bank loan which bears interest at one-month Euribor plus 0.75 .
Approximately 80 million of the variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2 
per annum. 

In June 2020, the Company and Divabox, owner
of the Origines-parfums e-commerce platform for beauty products, signed a strategic agreement and equity investment pursuant to
which we acquired 25 of Divabox capital for 14 million through a capital increase. In connection with the acquisition, the Company
entered into a 13.4 million term loan, which was repaid in full in February 2021. 

Our short-term financing requirements are
expected to be met by available cash on hand at December 31, 2022, cash generated by operations and short-term credit lines provided
by domestic and foreign banks. The principal credit facilities for 2022 consist of a 20.0 million unsecured revolving line of
credit provided by a domestic commercial bank and approximately 20 million in credit lines provided by a consortium of international
financial institutions. There were no balances due from short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In April 2020, as a result of the uncertainties
raised by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Directors authorized a temporary suspension of the quarterly cash dividend. In February
2021, our Board of Directors authorized a reinstatement of an annual dividend of 1.00, payable quarterly and in February 2022,
our Board authorized a 100 increase in the annual dividend to 2.00 per share. In February 2023 the Board of Directors further
increased the annual dividend to 2.50 per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of 0.625 per share is payable on March 31,
2023, to shareholders of record on March 15, 2023. Dividends paid, including dividends paid once per year to noncontrolling stockholders
of Interparfums SA, aggregated 79.8 million, 41.5 million and 21.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. The cash dividends to be paid in 2023 are not expected to have any significant impact on our financial position. 

We believe that funds provided by or used
in operations can be supplemented by our present cash position and available credit facilities, so that they will provide us with
sufficient resources to meet all present and reasonably foreseeable future operating needs. 

51 

Inflation rates in the U.S. and foreign
countries in which we operate did not have a significant impact on operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 as they
were either offset by price increases we passed onto our respective customers or operating efficiencies. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

General 

We address certain financial exposures through
a controlled program of risk management that primarily consists of the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter
into foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates.
We do not engage in the trading of foreign currency forward exchange contracts or interest rate swaps. 

Foreign Exchange Risk Management 

A general discussion relating to our policies
on foreign exchange risk management can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 2020. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign
currency contracts in the form of forward exchange contracts with notional amounts of approximately U.S. 36.5 million which all
have maturities of less than one year. We believe that our risk of loss as the result of nonperformance by any of such financial
institutions is remote. 

Interest Rate Risk Management 

We mitigate interest rate risk by monitoring
interest rates, and then determining whether fixed interest rates should be swapped for floating rate debt, or if floating rate
debt should be swapped for fixed rate debt. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The required financial statements commence
on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K (the Evaluation Date ).
Based on their review and evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the Evaluation
Date, our Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

The management of Inter Parfums, Inc. is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,
our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

52 

Our independent auditor, Mazars USA LLP,
a registered public accounting firm, has issued its report on its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. This
report appears on page F-2. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the
fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

53 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Executive Officers and Directors 

As of the date of this
report, our executive officers and directors were as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Jean Madar 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of Inter Parfums, Inc. and Director General of Interparfums SA 
 
 Philippe Benacin 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board, President of Inter Parfums, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA 
 
 Michel Atwood 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Philippe Santi 
 
 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Interparfums SA 
 
 Fran ois Heilbronn 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Bensoussan 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick Cho l 
 
 Director 
 
 Michel Dyens 
 
 Director 
 
 Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 
 
 Director 
 
 Gilbert Harrison 
 
 Director 
 
 Frederic Garcia-Pelayo 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Interparfums SA 

Our directors will
serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and thereafter until their successors shall have been elected and qualified.
Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin have a verbal agreement or understanding to vote their shares and the shares of their respective
holding companies in a like manner. 

With the exception
of Mr. Benacin, the officers are elected annually by the directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. There
are no family relationships between executive officers or directors of our Company. 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors
has the responsibility for establishing broad corporate policies and for the overall performance of our Company. Although certain
directors are not involved in day-to-day operating details, members of the board of directors are kept informed of our business
by various reports and documents made available to them. Our board of directors held 18 meetings (or executed consents in lieu
thereof), including meetings of committees of the full board of directors during 2022, and all of the directors attended at least
75 of the meetings (or executed consents in lieu thereof) of the full board of directors and committees of which they were a member.
Our board of directors presently consists of ten (10) directors. 

We have adopted a Code
of Business Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, as well as other persons performing similar functions, and we agree to provide to any person without charge, upon
request, a copy of our Code of Business Conduct. Any person who requests a copy of our Code of Business Conduct should provide
their name and address in writing to: Inter Parfums, Inc., 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10176, Att.: Shareholder Relations. In
addition, our Code of Conduct is also maintained on our website, at www.interparfumsinc.com. 

During 2022, our board of directors had
the following standing committees: 

Audit Committee The Audit Committee
 has the sole authority and is directly responsible for, the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent
 accountants employed by our company which prepare or issue audit reports for our company. During 2022, this committee consisted
 of Messrs. Heilbronn and Cho l, and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. The charter of the Audit Committee is posted on our Company s
 website. 

54 

The Company does not
have an audit committee financial expert within the definition of the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission
rules. Finding qualified nominees to serve as a director of a public company without the comparable financial resources of other
larger, more established companies has been challenging. In addition, despite the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission
rule which states that being named as the audit committee financial expert does not impose any greater duty, obligation or liability,
our company has been met with resistance from both present and former directors to being named as such, primarily due to potential
additional personal liability. However, as the result of the background, education and experience of the members of the Audit Committee,
our board of directors believes that such committee members are fully qualified to fulfill their obligations as members of the
Audit Committee. The Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. Fran ois Heilbronn, is a graduate of Harvard Business School with
a Master of Business Administration degree and is currently the managing partner of the consulting firm of M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn Fiszer which is specialized in business strategy and complex financial operations and investments. 

Executive Compensation and Stock Option
 Committee The Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee oversees the compensation of our Company s executives
 and administers our company s stock option plans. During 2022, this committee consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn and Cho l,
 and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. The charter of the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee is posted on our company s
 website. 

Nominating Committee During 2022,
 this committee consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn and Cho l, and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. The purpose of the Nominating Committee
 is to determine and recommend qualified persons to the Board of Directors who will be put forth as management s slate
 of directors for vote of the Corporation s stockholders, as well as to fill vacancies in the Board of Directors. The
 charter of the Nominating Committee is posted on our Company s website. 

We have adopted a board
diversity policy, which provides that the selection of candidates for appointment to our board will be based on an overriding emphasis
on merit, but the Nominating Committee will seek to fill board vacancies by considering candidates that bring a diversity of background
and industry or related expertise to our board. The Nominating Committee is to consider an appropriate level of diversity having
regard for factors such as skills, business and other experience, education, gender, age, ethnicity and geographic location. A
copy of the board diversity policy is posted on our company s website. In addition, Nasdaq has adopted a Board Diversity
Rule, which requires Nasdaq listed companies to publicly disclose board-level diversity statistics using a standardized template
during 2022. By the 2025 annual meeting, we will be required to disclose whether or not we have two directors that are diverse
under the applicable Nasdaq rule, and if not, then why not. We do not foresee any issue in complying with Nasdaq Board Diversity
Rule at this time. 

55 

Nasdaq Board Diversity 

As required by the the Nasdaq Diversity
Rule, the board of directors of our company presently has one (1) member who self-identifies as a female and one (1) member who
identifies as Hispanic, which is in compliance with the Nasdaq Board Diversity rule. Below is the Nasdaq Board Diversity Matrix,
which shows the gender identity and demographic background of our board of directors as they have self-identified. 

Board Diversity Matrix for INTER PARFUMS INC. 
 
 As of February 28, 2023 

Total Number of Directors 
 10 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Directors 
 1 
 9 
 0 
 0 
 
 Part II: Demographic Background 
 
 African American or Black 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Alaskan Native or American Indian 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Asian 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 0 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 White 
 1 
 8 
 0 
 0 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 0 

Business Experience 

The following sets
forth biographical information as to the business experience of each executive officer and director of our company for at least
the past five years. 

Jean Madar 

Jean Madar, age
62, a Director, has been the Chairman of the Board since our Company s inception, and is a co-founder of our Company with
Mr. Philippe Benacin. From inception until December 1993 he was the President of our Company; in January 1994, he became Director
General of Interparfums SA, our Company s subsidiary; and in January 1997, he became Chief Executive Officer of our Company.
Mr. Madar was previously the managing director of Interparfums SA, from September 1983 until June 1985. At such subsidiary, he
had the responsibility of overseeing the marketing operations of its foreign distribution, including market research analysis
and actual marketing campaigns. Mr. Madar graduated from The French University for Economic and Commercial Sciences (ESSEC) in
1983. We believe that Mr. Madar s skills in guiding, leading and determining the strategic direction of our company since
its inception together with Mr. Benacin, in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic industry, render him qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Philippe Benacin 

Mr. Benacin, age
64, a Director, is President of our Company and the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, has been the Vice Chairman of
the Board since September 1991, and is a co-founder of our Company with Mr. Madar. He was elected the Executive Vice President
in September 1991, Senior Vice President in April 1993, and President of the Company in January 1994. In addition, he has been
the President of our Company and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA for more than the past five years. Mr. Benacin graduated
from The French University for Economic and Commercial Sciences (ESSEC) in 1983. In June 2014 Mr. Benacin was elected as a member
of the Supervisory Board of Vivendi, and Chairman of its Corporate Governance, Nominations and Remuneration Committee. We believe
that Mr. Benacin s skills in guiding, leading and determining the strategic direction of our company since its inception
together with Mr. Madar, in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic industry, render him qualified to serve as
a member of our board of directors. 

56 

Michel Atwood 

Mr. Atwood, age 53, became our Chief
Financial Officer on September 6, 2022, succeeding Mr. Russell Greenberg, the former Chief Financial Officer, who retired on that
same date. Mr. Atwood was first elected to our Board of Directors at the 2022 Annual Meeting held in September 2022. 

From September
2018 through March 2022 while at Est e Lauder, Mr. Atwood had strategic oversight for the fragrance category across that
company and operational accountability for several of its fragrance brands. He also had senior level merger and acquisition M A duties, including acquisition integration and brand divestitures/discontinuations. Over his nearly four years at Est e
Lauder, he also drove cross-brand synergies across research and development and supply chain for the fragrance category. From
February 2017 to August 2018, he was an independent consultant as an M A advisor on multiple fragrance license acquisitions
and also acted as a private investor. 

From 1995 to 2017,
Mr. Atwood has held several executive positions at Procter Gamble P G in France, Switzerland, Italy and
Germany. His final title at P G was Divisional CFO of Global Prestige Fragrances, leading a 90 member team, and ultimately
spearheading the divestiture of that division to Coty. Earlier he was CFO Global Markets Prestige Fragrances, a business
generating over 2 billion in sales, where he headed a globally dispersed team of 60 people supporting the go-to-market organization
(affiliates, Travel Retail and distributors) of the Prestige Division. Before that, he was Global Prestige Director of Strategic
Planning, Licensing and Acquisition shaping and executing the overall business direction and licensing and acquisition strategy
of P G s Global Fragrance and Premium skin and cosmetics businesses. 

Michel Atwood holds
a Master s degree in Software Engineering from the Institut National des Sciences Appliqu es of Lyon, and a Master s
in International Finance from HEC Paris, the prestigious French business school. He also earned the designation of Certified Management
Accountant from the Institute of Management Accountants. He has a truly international background, working/living in France, Switzerland,
the U.S., Canada, Turkey and Italy. We believe that Mr. Atwood s skills and experience in accounting, international tax,
mergers and acquisitions, as well as his knowledge of the fragrance industry, render him qualified to serve as a member of our
board of directors. 

Philippe Santi 

Philippe Santi, age
61, and a Director since December 1999, is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA. Mr. Santi,
who is a Certified Accountant and Statutory Auditor in France, has been the Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA since February
1995. Prior to February 1995, Mr. Santi was the Chief Financial Officer for Stryker France and an Audit Manager for Ernst and Young.
We believe that Mr. Santi s skills in accounting and tax, as well as his knowledge of the fragrance industry and our Company s
European operations, render him qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Francois Heilbronn 

Mr. Heilbronn, age
61, a Director since 1988, an independent director and a member of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and the Executive
Compensation and Stock Option Committee, is a graduate of Harvard Business School with a Master of Business Administration degree
and is currently the managing partner of the consulting firm of M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn Fiszer. He was formerly employed
by The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. from 1988 through 1992 as a manager. Mr. Heilbronn graduated from Institut d Etudes
Politiques de Paris in June 1983. From 1984 to 1986, he worked as a financial analyst for Lazard Freres Co. In addition,
during 2009, Mr. Heilbronn became an Associate Professor in Business Strategy at Sciences Po, Paris, France. As the result of his
business and financial acumen, as well as his experience as managing partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers
and acquisitions of large international companies in retail, consumer goods and consumer services throughout the world, we believe
Mr. Heilbronn is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

57 

Robert Bensoussan 

Robert Bensoussan,
age 65, has been a Director since March 1997, and is also an independent director. Mr. Bensoussan is the founder of Sirius Equity
Consultants, a retail and branded luxury goods investment company. To date, Mr. Bensoussan remains as an investor in Hapy Sweet
Bee Ltd, natural health food products, 

He was previously
Chairman of Cama eu, the French retail conglomerate, a board member of Celio International, the French retail conglomerate
and Vivarte representing the GLG hedge fund. In the latter part of 2019, Mr. Bensoussan resigned after 6 years as the only non-North
American board member of lululemon athletica Inc. Following the successful sale in 2021, Mr. Bensoussan stepped down from the
board of Feelunique.com, one of Europe s largest online beauty retailers after serving 9 years. 

He is a member of the
Advisory Board of Pictet Bank Premium Brands Fund and sits on the board of Pronovias, the worldwide leader of wedding dresses.
Yonderland, Europe s largest premium outdoor retailer and SNS, a prominent aspirational streetwear and entertainment hub. 

Previously Mr.
Bensoussan was as director of, and had an indirect ownership interest in, J. Choo Limited until July 2011, and was CEO from 2001
to 2007, and was a member of the Board of Jimmy Choo Ltd, from 2001 to 2011, which had been a privately held luxury shoe wholesaler
and retailer. 

We believe Mr. Bensoussan
is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his business and financial acumen, as well as his experience
in the retail and branded luxury goods market. 

Patrick Cho l 

Mr. Cho l,
age 79, was appointed to the board of directors in June 2006 as an independent director, and is a member of the Audit Committee,
Nominating Committee and the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee. Mr. Cho l is a director of our majority-owned
subsidiary, Interparfums SA, a publicly held company, and Christian Dior a privately held company. For approximately 10 years,
through March 2004, Mr. Cho l was the President and CEO of two divisions of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A., first
Parfums Christian Dior, a leading world-wide prestige beauty/fragrances business, and later, the LVMH Perfumes and Cosmetics Division,
which included such well-known brands as Parfums Christian Dior, Guerlain, and Parfums Givenchy, among others. Prior to such time,
for approximately 30 years, he held various executive positions at Unilever, including President and CEO of Elida Faberg 
France and President and CEO of Chesebrough Pond s USA. Because of this experience, especially in the prestige beauty business,
we believe that Mr. Cho l is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Michel Dyens 

Michel Dyens, age 82
and an independent director, is the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Michel Dyens Co., which he founded over
25 years ago. With headquarters in New York and Paris, Michel Dyens Co. is a leading independent investment banking firm
focused on mergers and acquisitions. Michel Dyens Co. has vast experience in luxury goods, beauty, spirits and other premium
branded consumer goods in which it has concluded numerous landmark deals. Michel Dyens Co. has advised in such deals as the
sale of the Grey Goose ultra-premium vodka brand to Bacardi, the acquisition of the luxury Swiss watchmaker Hublot by LVMH, the
sale of the Harry Winston to Aber Diamond Corporation and Boucheron to Kering. Michel Dyens Co. represented the owners of
Liaigre, the luxury furniture brand, in the sale to Symphony International and Navis Capital, and Casa Dragones, the ultra-premium
tequila, in the sale to BDT Partners (Byron Trott). 

In 2021, Michel
Dyens Co. represented the owners of Buly, the luxury French fragrance and beauty brand, in the sale to LVMH and the owners
of Blissim, the French leader in beauty subscription e-commerce, and online beauty retail for an investment by Raise Investissement.
In addition, he has just sold We11done, the Korean contemporary fashion and lifestyle brand, to Sequoia Capital. 

58 

Michel Dyens
 Co. was the exclusive advisor to Creed in the sale of the ultra-luxury fragrance company Creed BlackRock Long Term
Private Capital, and represented Mr. Chin Wook Lee, the founder and CEO of Dr. Jart+, in the sale of Have Be Co. Ltd.
to The Est e Lauder Companies. Michel Dyens Co. also advised the owner of the ultra-luxury fragrance brand By
Kilian, in the sale to Est e Lauder. Michel Dyens Co. advised the shareholders of the largest independent hair
color and hair care company in Brazil, Niely Cosmeticos in the sale of the company to L Or al, as well as the
owner of the super-premium liqueur St-Germain in the sale of the brand to Bacardi, the Colomer Group (American Crew and
CND/Shellac brands) in its sale to Revlon, and Sidney Frank Importing Company in the sale of the company to Jaegermeister.
Other transactions include the sale of the Essie cosmetics business to L Or al, the sale of TIGI (BedHead and
Catwalk brands) to Unilever, the luxury hair care brand Christophe Robin to The Hut Group, the thinning hair brand NIOXIN
Research Laboratories to Procter Gamble, John Frieda Professional Hair Care and Molton Brown to the Kao Corporation,
the Svedka vodka brand to Constellation Brands and Chambord liqueur to Brown-Forman. 

In the mission-driven
field, Michel Dyens Co. recently represented ClimateCare, a prominent UK carbon-offset business, in the sale to Averna Capital
and represented the founders of Caboo Paper Products a Vancouver, Canada-based tree-free household paper products brand, for an
investment by sustainability-focused venture capital firm Renewal Funds. Among other recent transactions, Michel Dyens Co.
recently represented the Fairtrade and organic coffee brand Ethical Bean Coffee in the sale to Kraft Heinz, and as well as Alter
Eco Americas, a leading organic chocolate brand, which we sold to NextWorld Evergreen. 

In healthy and premium
food, Michel Dyens Co. represented the Fairtrade and organic coffee brand Ethical Bean Coffee in the sale to Kraft Heinz,
and as well as Alter Eco Americas, a leading organic chocolate brand, which it sold to NextWorld Evergreen. 

From April 2004
to September 2014, Mr. Dyens was an independent director of Interparfums SA. We believe Mr. Dyens is qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors thanks to his knowledge of our Company s luxury business, his business and financial acumen, as
well as his experience in the luxury goods market. 

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 

Ms. Gabai-Pinsky,
age 57, was elected for the first time to our board in September 2017. She became a director of Interparfums SA in April 2017.
She is currently operating a startup specialty fragrance business, and a director of Lifetime Brands (Nasdaq: LCUT), which is
in the home goods business. She was President of Vera Wang Group from January 2016 through June 2018, after a year of consulting
with the company and she oversaw all product categories and markets. Prior to joining Vera Wang, from 2006 to December 2014, Ms.
Gabai-Pinsky was the Global President for Aramis and Designers Fragrances as well as Beauty Bank and Idea Bank at The Est e
Lauder Companies, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of such company. During her tenure, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky developed and
ensured the growth of several beauty and skin care brands, including Lab Series for Men. She was highly instrumental in the evolution
of the fragrance category for such company, as she improved its overall business model, globally grew brands such as Donna Karan
and Michael Kors, evolved and harmonized the portfolio, divested dilutive brands and brought in Tory Burch, Zegna and Marni under
licenses. She ultimately actively participated in the acquisitions of Le Labo, Frederic Malle, and By Kilian and assisted in the
transformation of the long-term strategic direction of such company. 

In the earlier years
of her career, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky served as Vice President of Marketing and Communication for Guerlain, a division of LVMH Moet Hennessy
Louis Vuitton S.A., where she led the successful re-launch of Shalimar, the introduction of Aqua Allegoria, and contributed to
the re-focus of the beauty category around its pillars, Terracotta, Meteorites and Issima, while redesigning all communication
strategies and content. She started her career at L Or al, and was also Vice President of Marketing for Giorgio Armani,
where she was instrumental in the overall development of its fragrance business by developing the successful Acqua di Gio for men
and introducing the Emporio Armani franchise. A graduate from ESSEC Business School in Paris, France, she has received several
awards, including Marketer of the Year by Women s Wear Daily in December 2013. 

59 

Ms. Gabai-Pinksy
is an independent director, and is a member of the Audit Committee, Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee and the
Nominating Committee of our Company. We believe Ms. Gabi-Pinsky is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due
to her more than 25 years of experience in the luxury, fashion, beauty and fragrance fields, success as a brand builder, creative
thinker, business acumen, and a broad understanding of consumers, brands and business models. 

Gilbert Harrison 

Mr. Harrison, age 82,
an independent director, was appointed to our board in April 2018. Mr. Harrison has more than 50 years of experience in corporate
finance and strategic transactions, specializing in the consumer products space. He began his career in 1965 practicing corporate
and securities law in New York and Philadelphia. In 1971 he founded Financo, which he grew to become one of the leading independent
middle market transaction firms in the country. In 1985, Financo was acquired by Lehman Brothers, where the firm s primary
efforts were focused on increasing its expertise in retail, apparel and other merchandising transactions of all types. At Lehman,
Mr. Harrison was Chairman of the Merchandising Group and on the firm s Investment Banking Operating Committee while continuing
as Chairman of Financo, which was renamed the Middle Market Group of Lehman. In 1989, he re-acquired Financo from Lehman, re-establishing
Financo as one of the leading investment banking firms handling transactions and providing strategic advice in connection with
merchandising companies. Mr. Harrison retired as Chairman of Financo in December of 2017, after which he formed the Harrison Group,
a firm that provides consulting and financial advisory services to merchandising and products companies. 

Mr. Harrison s
other activities include his membership on the Advisory Council of the World Retail Congress, Shoptalk and the Financial Times
Business of Luxury Summit. Additionally, he has created a course on mergers and acquisitions at The Wharton School and has published
various articles and academic studies on the state of retailing and mergers and acquisitions, including a chapter in the book entitled,
 The Mergers and Acquisitions Handbook. Mr. Harrison lectures throughout the country, including chairing seminars
for Retail Week as well as for the International Council of Shopping Centers, the National Retail Federation, Young President s
Center, The Wharton Aresty Institute of Executive Education and The President s Association of the American Management Association.
He also appears frequently on Bloomberg TV and CNBC as an expert on retail and apparel. 

Mr. Harrison received
a Bachelor of Science in Economics from The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania in 1962 and his Juris Doctor from
The University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1965. He is also Chairman of the Fashion Division of UJA, Treasurer and a Board member
of the Southampton Hospital, Director of the Peggy Guggenheim Collection, and former Board member of the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Harrison is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his tremendous
depth and breadth of knowledge about the merchandising and consumer industry, and he has a long track record of facilitating value-creating
transactions for companies in this sector. Mr. Harrison s autobiography, Deal Junky , was published in January 2022. 

Frederic Garcia-Pelayo 

Frederic Garcia-Pelayo,
age 61, has been with Interparfums SA for more than the past 20 years. He is currently the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer of Interparfums SA, and was previously the Director of its Luxury and Fashion division beginning in March 2005. He was
also previously the Director of Marketing and Distribution for Perfume and Cosmetics and was first named Executive Vice President
in 2004. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Based solely upon a
review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments to such forms furnished to us, and written representations from various reporting
persons furnished to us, we are not aware of any reporting person who has failed to file the reports required to be filed under
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on a timely basis. 

60 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

General 

The executive compensation
and stock option committee of our board of directors is comprised entirely of independent directors and oversees all elements of
compensation (base salary, annual bonus, long-term incentives and perquisites) of our company s executive officers and administers
our company s stock option plans, other than the non-employee directors stock option plan, which is self-executing. 

The objectives of our
compensation program are designed to strike a balance between offering sufficient compensation to either retain existing or attract
new executives on the one hand, and maintaining compensation at reasonable levels on the other hand. We do not have the resources
comparable to the cosmetic giants in our industry, and, accordingly, cannot afford to pay excessive executive compensation. In
furtherance of these objectives, our executive compensation packages generally include a base salary, as well as annual incentives
tied to individual performance and long-term incentives tied to our operating performance. 

During 2022 and
prior years, Mr. Madar, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, took the initiative after discussions with Mr. Russell Greenberg,
the former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and board member, and recommended executive compensation levels for
executives for United States operations. Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, took the initiative after
discussions with Philippe Santi, the Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA, and recommended executive compensation levels
for executives for European operations. The recommendations are presented to the compensation committee for its consideration,
and the compensation committee makes a final determination regarding salary adjustments and annual award amounts to executives,
including Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin. Messrs. Madar and Benacin are not present during deliberations or determination of
their executive compensation by the compensation committee. Further, Messrs. Madar and Benacin, in addition to being executive
officers and directors, are our largest beneficial shareholders, and therefore, their interests are aligned with our shareholder
base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable level. 

The compensation committee
was pleased that the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation held at our last annual meeting of shareholders
in September 2022 overwhelmingly approved the compensation policies and decisions of the compensation committee. The compensation
committee has determined to continue its present compensation policies in order to determine similar future decisions. 

Our compensation
committee believes that individual executive compensation is at a level comparable with executives in other companies of similar
size and stage of development that operate in the fragrance industry, and takes into account our company s performance as
well as our own strategic goals. Further, the compensation committee believes that its present policies to date, with its emphasis
on rewarding performance, has served to focus the efforts of our executives, which in turn has permitted our company to weather
the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical turmoil in certain parts of the world, which resulted in the
Company s record results for 2022. During 2022, the members of such committee consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn and Cho l,
and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. 

Elements of Compensation 

General 

The compensation of
our executive officers is generally comprised of base salaries, including a fee paid to the holding companies of each of Messrs.
Madar and Benacin, annual cash bonuses and long-term equity incentive awards. In determining specific components of compensation,
the compensation committee considers individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience, other compensation
awards or arrangements and overall company performance. The compensation committee reviews and approves all elements of compensation
for all of our executive officers taking into consideration recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer of our company and
the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, as well as information regarding compensation levels at competitors in our industry. 

61 

Our named executive
officers have all been with the Company for more than the past ten (10) years, other than Mr. Atwood who joined our Company in
September 2022, with Messrs. Madar and Benacin being founders of the Company. As Messrs. Madar and Greenberg, the former Chief
Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for United States operations, and Benacin and Santi for European operations, were
most familiar with the individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer in their
respective operating segments, the compensation committee relies upon the information provided by such executive officers in determining
individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer. 

The compensation committee
views the competitive marketplace very broadly, which would include executive officers from both public and privately held companies
in general, including fashion and beauty companies, but not limited to the peer companies contained in the corporate performance
graph contained in our annual report. Generally, rather than tie the compensation committee s determination of compensation
proposals to any specific peer companies, the members of our committee have used their business experience, judgment and knowledge
to review the executive compensation proposals recommended to them by Mr. Madar for United States operations and Mr. Benacin for
European operations. As such, as a general rule the compensation committee did not determine the need to benchmark of any material
item of compensation or overall compensation. However, in connection with the salary increase to Mr. Madar that occurred in February
2020, surveys of both peer companies and companies with comparable market capitalizations were used by the compensation committee
as one of the factors in reaching such determination. 

The members of the
compensation committee have extensive experience and business acumen and are well qualified in determining the appropriateness
of executive compensation levels. Mr. Heilbronn is a managing partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers and
acquisitions of large international companies in retail, consumer goods and consumer services throughout the world. Mr. Cho l
previously worked as President and Chief Executive Officer of two divisions of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A., which included
such well-known brands as Parfums Christian Dior, Guerlain, and Parfums Givenchy. Mr. Cho l has also been President and CEO
of both Elida Faberg France and Chesebrough Ponds USA. Ms. Gabai-Pinsky, the final committee member, has executive experience
as the former President of Vera Wang Group, as well as the Global President for Aramis and Designers Fragrances in addition to
Beauty Bank and Idea Bank at The Est e Lauder Companies. 

Base Salary 

Base salaries for executive
officers are initially determined by evaluating the responsibilities of the position held and the experience of the individual,
and by reference to the competitive marketplace for executive talent. Base salaries for executive officers are reviewed on an annual
basis, and adjustments are determined by evaluating our operating performance, the performance of each executive officer, as well
as whether the nature of the responsibilities of the executive has changed. 

As stated above,
as Messrs. Madar and Greenberg for United States operations, and Messrs. Benacin and Santi for European operations, were most
familiar with the individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer in their respective
segments, the committee relied upon the information provided by such executive officers in determining individual performance,
level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer. 

For executive officers
of United States operations, the bulk of their annual compensation is in base salary including a fee paid to the holding company
for Mr. Madar for services rendered outside the United States. However, for executive officers of European operations base salary
comprises a smaller percentage of overall compensation. We have paid a lower percentage of overall compensation in the form of
base salary to executive officers of European operations for several years, principally because European operations historically
have had higher profitability than United States operations, and European operations are run differently from United States operations
by the Chief Executive Officer of European operations, Mr. Benacin. As the result of this historically higher profitability, European
operations have had the ability to pay higher bonus compensation in addition to base salary. As bonus compensation is and has historically
been discretionary, no targets were set in order to maintain flexibility. Further, if results of operations for European operations
were not satisfactory (again, no target amounts were set to maintain flexibility), then bonus compensation, as well as overall
compensation could be lowered without otherwise affecting base salary. Finally, by keeping annual bonus compensation at a higher
percentage of overall compensation and base salary at a lower percentage, our company benefits because the base amount for annual
salary adjustments would be smaller. 

62 

For the impact
of COVID-19 on executive compensation in 2020 and 2021, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021, under Item 11, Item 11. Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Covid-19 Impact ,
which is incorporated by reference herein. 

For 2022, Mr. Benacin
received a base salary of 756,000, (included an increase of 12,000 but due to the foreign currency conversion this is showing
as a decrease when compared to 2021), and Mr. Benacin s holding company received 250,000 paid by the Company s United
States operations, which is included the calculation of his base salary. This same consulting fee has been paid for more than
each of the past three years, in accordance with the consulting agreement with Mr. Benacin s holding company, which provides
for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable to such company. 

For 2021, although
Mr. Benacin received the same base salary as he did in 2020, his salary was affected by foreign currency conversion rates and was
 804,000 for 2021. For 2020, Mr. Benacin received a modest increase in base salary of 14,000 to 789,000. 

The compensation committee
considered the following salient factors in authorizing payment to Mr. Benacin s holding company services rendered
to United States operations for several years by Mr. Benacin in connection with licensing and distribution of international brands,
as well as future services to be performed by Mr. Benacin internationally relating to licensing and distribution of international
brands for United States operations. 

As Mr. Benacin values
the services of two named executive officers of Interparfums SA, Mr. Philippe Santi, Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial
Officer, and Mr. Frederic Garcia-Pelayo, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, equally, their base salaries, as
well as their bonus compensation discussed below, have been in lockstep. 

For 2022, the base
salary of each of Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo was 432,000, and increase of 24,000. For 2021, the base salary of
each of Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo was 408,000, as no executive officer received any increase in base salary due the
continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the base salaries of Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo in 2021 were affected
by foreign currency conversion rates and were both 483,000 for 2021. For 2020, each of Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo received
an increase in base salary of 14,000 to 470,000. Increases in prior years were awarded primarily to reward these two executive
officers for their contributions in European Operations achieving increases in both the sales and earnings. The compensation committee
considered the recommendations of Mr. Benacin, results of operations for the year, as well as the services performed for European
operations by Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo in authorizing these salary levels. 

A different approach
is taken for United States operations as that segment is smaller and less profitable. A more significant base salary is paid in
order to attract and retain employees with the skills and talents needed to run the operation with a lesser emphasis placed on
bonuses. Neither of the executive officers for United States operations have employment agreements (although Mr. Madar s
personal holding company has a consulting agreement that provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable
to such company), as we believe that having flexibility in structuring annual base salary is a benefit, which permits us to act
quickly to meet a changing economic environment. 

As previously reported,
from 2013 until 2019 the annual aggregate base salary paid to Mr. Madar individually and fees paid to his holding company remained
unchanged at 630,000, which was substantially below the amounts indicated by two surveys of chief executive officer salaries
for 2019 (collectively the CEO Salary Surveys ). The CEO Salary Surveys indicated that the annual and median average
CEO salaries for peer companies (excluding the Madar salary) were 2,854,656 and 1,540,000, respectively, and 2,604,346 and
 1,750,000 for comparable market capitalization companies, respectively. In recognition of the efforts of Mr. Madar and his holding
company as one of the prime causes for our substantial increase in net sales and net income, as well as market capitalization
from 2014 through 2019, thus substantially increasing shareholder value, on February 4, 2020 the Committee jointly authorized
the aggregate annual increase in Mr. Madar s base salary by 600,000 to 1.23 million effective as of January 1, 2020. For
2022 and 2021, Mr. Madar did not receive any increase in base salary. 

63 

Russell Greenberg,
the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, received a 30,000 increase in base salary for 2022 to 750,000
on an annualized basis, also did not have any salary increase for 2021, when his base salary remained at 720,000. Previously,
he had received the same 30,000 increase in base salary for 2020 and 2019. In connection with the previous increases in salary,
the Compensation Committee considered the following material factors in granting Mr. Greenberg his salary increases: his individual
performance, level of responsibility, skill and experience, as well as the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer. 

Mr. Atwood, who
became the Chief Financial Officer in September 2022 after the retirement of Mr. Greenberg, was granted a 500,000 annual base
salary, as well as a signing bonus of 100,000 that was paid in September 2022. An additional bonus of 50,000 was also paid in
December 2022 for the September-December period. The Compensation Committee considered the following material factors in approving
the base salary and guaranteed annual bonus of Mr. Atwood for 2022: his individual performances, level of responsibilities, skill
and experience with other companies in the fragrance and cosmetic industry, as well as the recommendation of the Chief Executive
Officer. 

Bonus Compensation/Annual
Incentives 

In recognition
of the Company s turnaround from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical turmoil
in 2022 and record results in 2022, and after the recommendations of Messrs. Madar and Benacin, the compensation committee determined
that Mr. Benacin receive a bonus of 211,000. Also, in recognition of record results in 2021 while dealing with the effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical turmoil, and after the recommendations of Messrs. Madar and Benacin,
the compensation committee determined that Mr. Benacin receive a bonus of 166,000. For 2020 Mr. Benacin, the chief decision maker
for European operations, proposed and the compensation committee concurred in the payment of discretionary bonus compensation
of 131,000. Discretionary bonus compensation for Mr. Benacin has been approximately 28 , 30 and 17 of his base salary in 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively. 

In addition, the Compensation
Committee agreed with the recommendation of Mr. Benacin and the contributions made by Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo to the Company s
success and growth. Bonus compensation for Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo have remained in lockstep, and each was awarded a discretionary
bonus of 437,000, 378,000 and 296,000 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, or 96 , 78 and 63 of their base salary for those
years. 

A different approach
is taken for United States operations as that segment is smaller and less profitable. As discussed above, a more significant base
salary is paid in order to attract and retain employees with the skills and talents needed to run United States operations with
a lesser emphasis placed on bonuses. 

In 2022, as Mr.
Greenberg retired, he did not receive a discretionary bonus. In 2021, although Mr. Greenberg did not receive any increase in base
salary due to the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, he did receive a discretionary bonus of 70,000 based upon the recommendation
of the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Greenberg was paid a discretionary bonus of 35,000 in 2020 and 50,000 for each of the several
years prior thereto. The Compensation Committee considered the following material factors in granting Mr. Greenberg his bonuses:
his individual performance, level of responsibility, skill and experience, as well as the recommendation of the Chief Executive
Officer. 

Mr. Atwood, who
became the Chief Financial Officer in September 2022 after the retirement of Mr. Greenberg, received a sign on bonus of 100,000.
His compensation arrangement also entitles him to a guaranteed annual bonus of 100,000, as well as a 100,000 bonus based upon
achieving certain milestones. For 2022, Mr. Atwood received his 100,000 sign on bonus and 50,000 pro-rated performance bonus
related to the September-December period. The Compensation Committee considered the same factor in granting these two bonuses
as in approving his initial annualized salary. 

Mr. Madar, the Chief
Executive Officer has not received any cash bonus in the past three years. 

64 

As required by French
law, Interparfums SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service,
including executive officers of our European operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA.
Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and allocated to employees based upon salary.
The maximum amount payable per year per employee is approximately 32,485. 

Calculation of the
total annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula: 

67 of (Interparfums SA net income,
less 2.5 of shareholders equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and
the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization
expenses + interest expenses. 

Contribution to individual
employees is then made pro rata based upon their individual salaries for the year. 

Long-Term Incentives 

Stock Options .
In prior years, we had linked long-term incentives with corporate performance through the grant of stock options. However, no
options were granted in 2021 or 2020 to either employees of United States operations or European operations, as other compensation
arrangements were being considered as part of a review of the executive compensation strategy. In December 2022, at the recommendation
of the Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee authorized the grant of a stock option to purchase 5,000 shares to
Mr. Atwood at the fair market value on the date of grant as part of his long-term incentives. Unless the market price of our common
stock increases, Mr. Atwood will have no tangible benefit from this option. Thus, the option holder is provided with the additional
incentive to increase individual performance with the ultimate goal of increasing our overall performance. We believe that enhanced
executive incentives that result in increased corporate performance tend to build company loyalty. No other stock option grants
were made to other executive officers in 2022, including Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin. 

Interparfums SA
Stock Compensation Plans 

2022 Free Share
Plan On March 16, 2022, the Board of Interparfums SA IPSA decided to grant 88,400 free shares of its
capital stock to all of the IPSA s employees and corporate officers having more than 6 months seniority at the grant date.
The free shares are to be issued in June 2025. Issuance of those shares are based on satisfaction of performance conditions, relating
to the 2024 IPSA sales for 50 of the shares and 2024 operating income for the balance. 

IPSA used the services
of third party to assist them in the valuation of the plan, with the calculations and assumptions as follows: 

- Management expects the rate of staff turnover to be 12 , 

- Using the Monte Carlo method, management expects the performance rate to be 80 on the consolidated
sales and 80.8 on the consolidated operating income. 

Based on the above
assumptions, the total expenses related to this plan is valued at 3.3 million. 

As of December 31,
2022: 

- 63,281 shares of IPSA Capital
 Stock, representing 3.0 million were purchased in the open market and allocated to this
 plan. 

1.0 million of
expense was recorded (or 1.2 million including social contributions). 

2019 Plan 
 In December 2018, Interparfums SA approved a plan to grant an aggregate of 26,600 shares of its stock to employees with
no performance condition requirement, and an aggregate of 133,000 shares to officers and managers, subject to certain corporate
performance conditions. The shares, subject to adjustment for stock splits, were distributed in June 2022. Under this plan in
June 2022, Messrs. Benacin, Madar, Garcia Pelayo and Santi received 4,000 shares each (5,857 shares as adjusted for stock splits). 

In June 2020, the performance
conditions were modified effecting 96 employees. As of December 31, 2021, the number of shares to be distributed, after forfeited
shares and adjusted for stock splits, increased to 172,343. The increase in shares anticipated to be distributed were transferred
from treasury shares at the Interparfums SA level. The modification resulted in a revised cost of the grant to approximately 4.6
million. 

65 

In connection with
the 2019 Plan referred to above, an incentive plan was established by Interparfums SA for certain employees of Interparfums Luxury
Brands, Inc. IPLB ), Interparfums Singapore IP Singapore and Inter Parfums, Inc. The proposed incentive
plan would not provide shares but rather, would give a cash payment or bonus incentive or award that
mirrors the shares that Interparfums SA employees will receive. An aggregate of 42,140 phantom shares have been awarded
in 2022, with Mr. Greenberg being awarded 1,000 of such phantom shares, all subject to adjustment for stock splits,
with a value of approximately 69,839. 

Stock Appreciation
Rights 

Our stock option plans
authorize us to grant stock appreciation rights, or SARs. A SAR represents a right to receive the appreciation in value, if any,
of our common stock over the base value of the SAR. To date, we have not granted any SARs under our plans. While the compensation
committee currently does not plan to grant any SARs under our plans, it may choose to do so in the future as part of a review of
the executive compensation strategy. 

Restricted Stock 

We have not in
the past, and we do not have any future plans to grant restricted stock to our executive officers. However, while the compensation
committee currently does not plan to authorize any restricted stock plans, the compensation committee may choose to do so in the
future as part of a review of the executive compensation strategy. Our French operating subsidiary, Interparfums, SA, however,
has instituted its 2022 and 2019 Stock Compensation Plans as discussed above. 

Other Compensation 

For 2022, each of Messrs.
Benacin and Garcia-Pelayo received an automobile allowance of 11,372. 

No Stock Ownership
Guidelines 

We do not require any
minimum level of stock ownership by any of our executive officers. As stated above, Messrs. Madar and Benacin, are our largest
beneficial shareholders, which aligns their interests with our shareholder base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable
level. 

Retirement and Pension
Plans 

We maintain a 401(k)
plan for United States operations. Commencing in October 2021 we started matching the first 6,000 of contribution for each employee,
as we have determined that base compensation together with annual bonuses, are sufficient incentives to retain talented employees.
Our European operations maintain a pension plan for its employees as required by French law. For each of 2022, 2021and 2020, each
of Messrs. Benacin, Santi and Garcia-Pelayo received an increase of 16,006, 17,773 and 17,500, respectively, in their value
of deferred compensation earnings. 

Compensation Committee Report 

We have reviewed and
discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis provisions to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the proxy statement for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders. Based on this
review and discussion, we recommend to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis referred to above be
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as the proxy statement for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders. 

Francois Heilbronn 

Patrick Cho l and 

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 

66 

The following table
sets forth a summary of all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our named executive officers, who are our
principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and each of the three most highly compensated executive officers
of our company. This table covers all such compensation during fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2020. For all compensation related matters disclosed in the summary compensation table, and elsewhere where applicable, all
amounts paid in euro have been converted to U.S. dollars at the average rate of exchange in each year. 

SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 )(1) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 )(2) 
 
 Change
 in 
 Pension Value 
 and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 )(3) 
 
 Total 
 ) 

Jean
 Madar, 
 
 2022 
 
 1,230,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 1,230,000 

Chairman and 
 
 2021 
 
 1,230,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 1,230,000 

Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 2020 
 
 1,230,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 1,230,000 

Russell Greenberg,
 (4) 
 
 2022 
 
 750,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 750,000 

Chief Financial
 Officer and 
 
 2021 
 
 720,000 
 
 70,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 790,000 

Executive Vice President 
 
 2020 
 
 720,000 
 
 35,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 755,000 

Michel Atwood (5) 
 
 2022 
 
 161,218 
 
 150,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 101,814 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 413,032 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

Philippe Benacin,
 President Inter 
 
 2022 
 
 755,440 
 
 210,600 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 16,006 
 
 11,372 
 
 993,418 

Parfums, Inc., Chief
 Executive 
 
 2021 
 
 803,504 
 
 165,578 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,733 
 
 12,774 
 
 999,589 

Officer of Interparfums
 SA 
 
 2020 
 
 788,808 
 
 130,673 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,500 
 
 12,434 
 
 949,415 

Philippe Santi,
 Executive Vice 
 
 2022 
 
 454,896 
 
 436,995 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 16,006 
 
 -0- 
 
 907,897 

President and Chief
 Financial 
 
 2021 
 
 482,542 
 
 378,464 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,733 
 
 -0- 
 
 878,739 

Officer, Interparfums
 SA 
 
 2020 
 
 469,730 
 
 295,596 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,500 
 
 -0- 
 
 782,826 

Fr d ric
 Garcia-Pelayo, 
 
 2022 
 
 454,896 
 
 436,995 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 16,006 
 
 11,372 
 
 919,269 

Executive Vice President
 and 
 
 2021 
 
 482,542 
 
 378,464 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,733 
 
 12,774 
 
 891,513 

Chief Operating
 Officer Interparfums SA 
 
 2020 
 
 469,730 
 
 295,596 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 17,500 
 
 8,980 
 
 791,806 

67 

1 
 Amounts reflected under Option Awards represent the grant date fair values in 2022, 2021 and 2020 based on the fair value of stock option awards using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions used in this model are detailed in Footnote 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and filed with the SEC. 

2 
 As required by French law, Interparfums SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service, including executive officers of our European operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA. Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and are allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum amount payable per year is approximately 32,485. 

Calculation of total
annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula: 

67 of (Interparfums SA net income,
less 2.5 of shareholders equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and
the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization
expenses + interest expenses. 

Contribution to individual
employees is then made pro rata based upon their individual salaries for the year. 

3 
 The following table identifies (i) perquisites
 and other personal benefits provided to our named executive officers in fiscal 2022, and quantifies those required by SEC
 rules to be quantified and (ii) all other compensation that is required by SEC rules to be separately identified and quantified. 

4 
 Mr. Greenberg retired in September
 2022. 

5 
 Mr. Atwood replaced Mr. Greenberg
 on September 6, 2022. His base salary was prorated from 500,000, annually. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Perquisites 
 and other 
 Personal 
 Benefits 
 ) 

Personal 
 Automobile 
 Expense 
 ) 

Lodging 
 Expense 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Jean Madar, Chairman 
 Chief Executive Officer 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Russell Greenberg, Chief Financial 
 Officer and Executive Vice 
 President 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Benacin, President of Inter 
 Parfums, Inc. and Chief Executive 
 Officer of Interparfums SA 

-0- 

11,372 

-0- 

11,372 

Philippe Santi, 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer, Interparfums SA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo, 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Operating Officer, 
 Interparfums SA 

-0- 

11,372 

-0- 

11,372 

68 

Plan Based Awards 

The following table
sets certain information relating to each grant of an award made by our company to the executive officers of our company listed
in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

All Other Stock Awards: 
 Number of Shares of Stock or 

All Other Option Awards: 
 Number of Securities Underlying 

Exercise or Base Price of Option 

Closing 

Threshold ) 

Target 
 ) 

Maximum ) 

Threshold (#) 

Target (#) 

Maximum (#) 

Units 
 (#) 

Options 
 (#) 

Awards 
 /Sh) 

Price 
 /Sh) 

Jean Madar 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Russell Greenberg 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Michel 
 
 Atwood 
 
 07/22/2022 

100,000 

100,000 

100,000 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

- 0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Michel 
 
 Atwood 
 
 12/30/202 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

5,000 

97.84 

96.52 

Philippe Benacin 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Philippe Santi 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Interparfums SA
Stock Compensation Plan 

69 

The following table
sets certain information relating to each grant of an award made by Interparfums SA to the executive officers of our company listed
in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year. Equity awards relate to the shares of Interparfums SA. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

All Other Stock Awards: 
 Number of Shares of Stock or 

All Other Option Awards: 
 Number of Securities Underlying 

Exercise or Base Price of Option 

Closing 

Threshold ) 

Target 
 ) 

Maximum ) 

Threshold (#) 

Target (#) 

Maximum (#) 

Units 
 (#) 

Options 
 (#) 

Awards 
 /Sh) 

Price 
 /Sh) 

Jean Madar 
 
 3/16/22 

NA 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

3,000 

-0- 

-0- 

49,89 

Russell Greenberg 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Michel 
 
 Atwood 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Philippe Benacin 
 
 3/16/22 

NA 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

3,000 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Philippe Santi 
 
 3/16/22 

NA 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

6,000 

-0- 

-0- 

49,89 

Philippe Santi 
 
 12/31/22 

NA 

NA 

32,485 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 
 
 3/16/22 

NA 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

6,000 

-0- 

49,89 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 
 
 12/31/22 

NA 

NA 

32,485 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

NA means not applicable. 

Interparfums SA
Profit Sharing Plan 

Also as discussed above
and required by French law, Inter Parfums, SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed
three months of service, including executive officers of our European operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer
of Inter Parfums, SA. Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and allocated to employees
based upon salary. The maximum amount payable per year per employee is approximately 32,485. 

Calculation of total
annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula: 

67 of (Interparfums
SA net income, less 2.5 of shareholders equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages,
and the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization
expenses + interest expenses. 

The following table
sets certain information relating to each grant of a non-equity award made by Interparfums SA to the executive officers of our
company listed in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year. Equity awards relate to the shares of Interparfums
SA. 

70 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End 

The following table
sets forth certain information relating to outstanding equity awards of our Company held by the executive officers listed in the
Summary Compensation Table as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable (1) 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Jean Madar 

25,000 
 (2) 

0 
 (2) 

0 

43.80 

12/29/23 

20,000 
 (2) 

5,000 
 (2) 

0 

65.25 

12/30/24 

15,000 
 (2) 

10,000 
 (2) 

0 

73.09 

12/30/25 

Russell Greenberg 

15,000 

0 

0 

43.80 

12/29/23 

5,000 

5,000 

0 

65.25 

12/30/24 

5,000 

10,000 

0 

73.09 

12/30/25 

Michel Atwood 

0 

5,000 

0 

97.84 

12/30/28 

Philippe Benacin 

25,000 
 (2) 

0 
 (2) 

0 

43.80 

12/29/23 

20,000 
 (2) 

5,000 
 (2) 

0 

65.25 

12/30/24 

15,000 
 (2) 

10,000 
 (2) 

0 

73.09 

12/30/25 

Philippe Santi 

1,200 

0 

0 

43.80 

12/29/23 

800 

800 

0 

46.903 

1/18/24 

2,400 

2,000 

0 

65.25 

12/30/24 

4,000 

4,000 

0 

73.09 

12/30/25 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 

2,400 

0 

0 

43.80 

12/29/23 

800 

800 

0 

46.903 

1/18/24 

4,000 

2,000 

0 

65.25 

12/30/24 

4,000 

4,000 

0 

73.09 

12/30/25 

[ Footnotes from table above ] 

1 
 All options expire 6 years from the date of grant, and vest 20 each year commencing one year after the date of grant. 

2 
 Options are held in the name of personal holding company. 

71 

The following table
sets certain information relating to outstanding equity awards granted by Interparfums SA, our majority-owned French subsidiary
which has its shares traded on the NYSE Euronext, held by the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation
Table as of the end of the past fiscal year. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 OF INTERPARFUMS SA 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities
 Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable) 

Number of Securities
 Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive
 Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 

Option Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number of Shares
 or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#)(1) 

Market Value
 of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested ) 

Equity Incentive
 Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards:
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested( 

Jean Madar 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

3,000 

175,640 

-0- 

-0- 

Russell Greenberg 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Michel 

Atwood 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Benacin 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

3,000 

175,640 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Santi 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

6,000 

351,281 

-0- 

-0- 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 

-0- 

0 

-0- 

NA 

NA 

6,000 

175,640 

-0- 

-0- 

1 Estimated number of shares are to be
issued only to the extent that the performance conditions have been met. 

2 As of December 31, 2022, the closing
price of Interparfums SA as reported by Euronext was 55.60 euros, and the exchange rate was 1.053 U.S. dollars to 1 euro. 

72 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

The following table
sets forth certain information relating to each option exercise affected during the past fiscal year, and each vesting of stock,
including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments of our company during the past fiscal year, for the
executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table. 

OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Acquired on 
 Exercise 
 (#) 

Value 
 Realized on 
 Exercise 
 ) 1 

Number 
 of Shares 
 Acquired on 
 Vesting 
 (#) 

Value 
 Realized On 
 Vesting 
 ) 

Jean Madar 

19,000 

1,230,315 

-0- 

-0- 

Russell Greenberg 

60,000 

2,475,744 

-0- 

-0- 

Michel Atwood 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Benacin 

19,000 

1,191,374 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Santi 

4,000 

199,588 

-0- 

-0- 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 

1,200 

82,973 

-0- 

-0- 

[Footnotes from table above] 

1 
 Total value realized on exercise of options in dollars is based upon the difference between the fair market value of the common stock on the date of exercise, and the exercise price of the option. 

Regarding Interparfums
SA, our majority-owned French subsidiary which has its shares traded on the Euronext, no options were exercised during the past
fiscal year, and there was no vesting of stock, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments during
the past fiscal year, for the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Pension Benefits 

The following table
sets forth certain information relating to payment of benefits in connection with retirement plans during the past fiscal year,
for the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table. 

PENSION BENEFITS 

Name 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Number 
 of Years 
 Credited 
 Service 
 (#) 
 
 Present 
 Value of 
 Accumulated 
 Benefit 
 ) 

Payments 
 During 
 Last Fiscal 
 Year 
 ) 

Jean Madar 
 
 NA 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

Russell Greenberg 
 
 NA 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

Michel Atwood 
 
 NA 
 
 NA 

-0- 

-0- 

Philippe Benacin 
 
 Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
 
 NA 

331,239 

16,006 

Philippe Santi 
 
 Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
 
 NA 

321,239 

16,006 

Fr d ric Garcia-Pelayo 
 
 Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
 
 NA 

321,239 

16,006 

Does not include any contributions made by prior employers, or individually by the recipients as such information is confidential under French law. 

Interparfums SA maintains
a pension plan for all of its employees, including all executive officers. The calculation of commitments for severance benefits
involves estimating the probable present value of projected benefit obligations. This projected benefit obligations are then prorated
to take into account seniority of the employees of Interparfums SA on the calculation date. 

In calculating benefits,
the following assumptions were applied: 

- 
 voluntary retirement at age 65; 

- 
 a rate of 45 for employer payroll contributions for all employees; 

- 
 a 3 average annual salary increase; 

- 
 an annual rate of turnover for all employees under 55 years of age and nil above; 

- 
 the TH 00-02 mortality table for men and the TF 00-02 mortality table for women; 

- 
 a discount rate of 3.8 . 

73 

The normal retirement age is 65 years,
but employees, including Messrs. Benacin, Santi and Garcia-Pelayo, can collect reduced benefits if they retire at age 62. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

We do not maintain
any nonqualified deferred compensation plans. 

CEO Pay Ratio 

As required by Section
953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the
following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our mean employee and the annual total compensation
of Mr. Jean Madar, Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ): 

For 2022, our last
completed fiscal year: 

Our median employee s compensation
 was 66,402 

Our Chief Executive Officer s total 2022 compensation was 2,460,315 

Accordingly, our 2022 CEO to Median Employee
 Pay Ratio was 37.05 to 1 

This pay ratio is a
reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules based on our payroll and employment records. We identified
our median employee using our total employee population as of December 31, 2022 by applying a consistently applied compensation
measure across our global employee population. For our consistently applied compensation measure, we used all compensation, including
actual base salary, bonuses, commissions, and any overtime paid during the 12-month period ending December 31, 2022. We did not
use any material estimates, assumptions, adjustments or statistical sampling to determine the worldwide median employee. 

The SEC rules for identifying
the median compensated employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee s annual total compensation allow companies
to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect
their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported
above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions,
estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. 

Employment and
Consulting Agreements 

Please see our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 11 under the heading Employment and Consulting Agreements 
for a material terms of the employment agreement with Philippe Benacin, individually, and the consulting agreements with, and fees
and stock options previously granted to, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS and Jean Madar Holding SAS, which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

74 

Compensation
of Directors 

The following table
sets forth certain information relating to the compensation for each of our directors who is not an executive officer of our Company
named in the Summary Compensation Table for the past fiscal year. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 

Change in 
 Pension Value 
 and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All Other Compensation 
 ) 1 

Total 
 ) 

Francois Heilbronn 2 

15,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

45,544 

Robert Bensoussan 3 

18,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

66,480 

115,024 

Patrick Cho l 4 

15,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

13,246 

58,790 

Michel Dyens 5 

21,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

51,544 

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 6 

18,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

84,308 

132,852 

Gilbert Harrison 7 

18,000 

-0- 

30,544 

-0- 

-0- 

120,000 

168,544 

[Footnotes from table above] 

1. 
 Represents gain from exercise of stock options, except for Mr. Harrison, which consists of a 120,000 payment made in 2022 to the company controlled by Mr. Harrison in connection with the acquisition of the Donna Karan license. See Fee for Director s Company in Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Heilbronn held options to purchase an aggregate of 6,500 shares of our common stock. 

3. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Bensoussan held options to purchase an aggregate of 7,500 shares of our common stock. 

4. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Cho l held options to purchase an aggregate of 5,750 shares of our common stock. 

5. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Dyens held options to purchase an aggregate of 6,500 shares of our common stock. 

6. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky held options to purchase an aggregate of 7,500 shares of our common stock. 

7. 
 As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Harrison held options to purchase an aggregate of 7,500 shares of our common stock. 

All nonemployee directors
receive 6,000 for each board meeting at which they participate in person, and 3,000 for each meeting held by conference telephone.
In addition, the annual fee for each member of the audit committee is 8,000. The compensation for the nonemployee directors remained
the same for 2021 and 2022, except for Mr. Harrison. During 2021, a company owned by Mr. Harrison received a fee equal to 300,000,
in connection with the Donna Karan license agreement, which is effective on July 1, 2022. A payment of 120,000 was made in 2021
to Mr. Harrison s company, 120,000 was paid one year later in 2022, and 60,000 will be paid one year thereafter in 2023. 

We maintain a stock
option plan for our nonemployee or independent directors. The purpose of this plans is to assist us in attracting and retaining
key directors who are responsible for continuing the growth and success of our company. Under such plan, until 2022 options to
purchase 1,500 shares are granted on each February 1st to all nonemployee directors for as long as each is a nonemployee director
on such date. However, if a nonemployee director does not attend certain of the board meetings, then such option grants are reduced
according to a schedule. However, our board of directors cancelled the automatic grant of options to the nonemployee directors
effective with the grant that had been scheduled for February 1, 2022. 

After discussions Mr.
Atwood had with certain financial consultants relating to potential compensation plans in lieu of stock option grants to the Company s
independent directors, and consultation between Messrs. Madar and Atwood, it was determined that the most favorable way for the
nonemployee directors to be compensated was to amend the 2016 Stock Option Plan to reinstate the automatic grant of stock options
previously provided to nonemployee directors, commencing with a new automatic grant on the last business day of 2022, December
30, and continuing on the last business day of each year thereafter, subject to the approval of the shareholders of this Corporation
at the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The automatic option grants to independent directors were approved by the Board of
Directors with the following changes: Reinstatement of the automatic grant of nonqualified stock options to all nonemployee directors
was made without any discretion on the part of the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee, with the right to purchase
1,500 shares of the our common stock under our 2016 Stock Option Plan, as amended (the 2016 Stock Option Plan ), at
the purchase per share on the date of grant equal to the fair market value as determined in accordance with the 2016 Stock Option
Plan, each exercisable for a six (6) year period; provided that, such options shall vest and become exercisable to purchase shares
of Common Stock as follows: 20 one year after the date of grant, and then 20 on each of the second, third, fourth and fifth consecutive
years from the date of grant on a cumulative basis, so that each option shall become fully vested and exercisable on the first
day of the sixth year from the date of grant, with the automatic grant date to commence on the last business day of this year,
December 30, 2022 and continuing on the last business day of each year thereafter, in lieu of the grant date on each February 1 st . 

75 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table
sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (a) each person we know to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (b) our executive officers and directors and (c) all of our directors and
officers as a group. Messrs. Madar and Benacin own 99.99 of their respective personal holding companies. As of February 28, 2023,
we had 32,109,360 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 1 

Approximate 
 Percent of 
 Class 

Jean Madar 
 c/o Interparfums SA 
 10 rue de Solf rino 
 75007 Paris, France 

7,116,741 
 2 
 
 22.2 

Philippe Benacin 
 c/o Interparfums SA 
 10 rue de Solf rino 
 75007 Paris, France 

6,906,064 
 3 
 
 21.5 

Michel Atwood 
 c/o Inter Parfums, Inc. 
 551 Fifth Avenue 
 New York, NY 10176 

0 

NA 

Philippe Santi 
 Interparfums SA 
 10 rue de Solf rino 
 75008, Paris, France 

800 
 4 
 
 Less than 1 

Francois Heilbronn 
 60 Avenue de Breteuil 
 75007 Paris, France 

28,938 
 5 
 
 Less than 1 

Robert Bensoussan 
 c/o Sirius Equity LLP 
 52 Brook Street 
 W1K 5DS London, UK 

10,375 
 6 
 
 Less than 1 

Patrick Cho l 
 140 Rue de Grenelle 
 75007, Paris, France 

7,125 
 7 
 
 Less than 1 

Michel Dyens 
 Michel Dyens Co. 
 17 Avenue Montaigne 
 75007 Paris, France 

7,875 
 8 
 
 Less than 1 

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 
 200 East End Avenue 
 New York, NY 10128 

2,875 
 9 
 
 Less than 1 

Gilbert Harrison 
 Harrison Group 
 745 Fifth Avenue, Suite 514 
 New York, NY 10151 

4,875 
 10 
 
 Less than 1 

Frederic Garcia-Pelayo 
 Interparfums SA 
 10 rue de Solf rino 
 75008, Paris, France 

12,000 
 11 
 
 Less than 1 

Blackrock, Inc. 
 55 East 52 nd Street 
 New York, NY 10055 

2,789,318 
 12 
 
 8.8 

The Vanguard Group 
 100 Vanguard Blvd. 
 Malvern, PA 19355 

1,983,427 
 13 
 
 6.2 

All Directors and Officers 
 (As a Group 10 Persons) 

14,097,668 
 14 
 
 43.7 

1 
 All shares of common stock are directly held with sole voting power and sole power to dispose, unless otherwise stated. Options which are exercisable within 60 days are included in beneficial ownership calculations. 
 
 2 
 Consists of 24,400 shares held directly, 7,032,341 shares held indirectly through Jean Madar Holding SAS, a personal holding company, and options to purchase 60,000 shares. 

3 
 Consists of 6,846,064 shares held indirectly through Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, a personal holding company, and options to purchase 60,000 shares. 

4 
 Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Santi. 

5 
 Consists of 26,063 shares held directly and options to purchase 2,875 shares for Mr. Heilbronn. 

6 
 Consists of 7,500 shares held directly and options to purchase 2,875 shares for Mr. Bensoussan. 

7 
 Consists of 4,250 shares held directly and
 options to purchase 2,825 shares for Mr. Cho l. 

8 
 Consists of 5,000 shares held directly and options to purchase 2,875 shares for Mr. Dyens. 

9 
 Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. 

10 
 Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Harrison. 

11 
 Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Garcia-Pelayo. 

12 
 Information based upon Schedule 13G of Blackrock, Inc. dated January 25, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

13 
 Information based upon Schedule 13G Amendment 5 of The Vanguard Group, an investment advisor, dated February 9, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 14 
 Consists of 13,945,618 shares held directly
 or indirectly, and options to purchase 152,050 shares. 

76 

The following table
sets forth certain information as of the end of our last fiscal year regarding all equity compensation plans that provide for the
award of equity securities or the grant of options, warrants or rights to purchase our equity securities. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of 
 securities to 
 be issued 
 upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights 
 (a) 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security
 holders 

441,580 

67.30 

558,975 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

-0- 

N/A 

-0- 

Total 

441,580 

67.30 

558,975 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions with European Subsidiaries 

We also provide
(or had provided on our behalf) certain financial, accounting and legal services for Interparfums SA, and during 2022, 2021 and
2020 fees for such services were 491,300, 443,625 and 450,750, respectively. 

In September 2021,
Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc., an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, loaned the Company 24 million, which is
repayable in 12 equal monthly payments with interest at 2 per annum commencing on January 31, 2022. 

In December 2021, Inter
Parfums USA, LLC, a United States subsidiary, renewed a license agreement for five years that was initially signed in 2012 on the
same terms with Interparfums Suisse (SARL), a Swiss subsidiary of Interparfums SA, for the right to sell amenities under the Lanvin
brand name to luxury hotels, cruise lines and airlines in return for royalty payments as are customary in our industry. 

In September 2022,
Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc. loaned the Company 10 million, which is repayable in one lump sum on June 30, 2023 with interest
at 3.5 per annum. In addition, the 2 million payment due on September 30, 2022 by the Company against the loan made in September
2021 was postponed to January 31, 2023 together with interest at 2 per annum. 

Fee for Director s Company

In connection with
the acquisition of the Donna Karan license, which became effective on July 1, 2022 as discussed above, we agreed to pay to a company
controlled by Mr. Gilbert Harrison, a director, the sum of 300,000, payable over time, with 120,000 paid in 2021, 120,000 paid
one year later in 2022 and 60,000 due two years later in 2023. 

Consulting Agreements 

Please see our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 11 under the heading Employment and Consulting Agreements 
for a material terms of the employment agreement with Philippe Benacin, individually, and the consulting agreements with, and fees
and stock options previously granted to, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS and Jean Madar Holding SAS, which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

Procedures for Approval of Related
Person Transactions 

Transactions between
related persons, such as between an executive officer or director and our company, or any company or person controlled by such
officer or director, are required to be approved by our Audit Committee of our board of directors. Our Audit Committee Charter
contains such explicit authority, as required by the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

77 

The following are our
directors who are independent directors within the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market: 

Francois Heilbronn 

 Robert Bensoussan 

 Patrick Cho l 

 Michel Dyens 

 Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 

 Gilbert Harrison 

We follow and comply
with the independent director definitions as provided by The Nasdaq Stock Market rules in determining the independence of our directors,
which are posted on our company s website. In addition, such rules are also available on The Nasdaq Stock Market s
website. In addition, The Nasdaq Stock Market maintains more stringent rules relating to director independence for the members
of our Audit Committee, and the members of our Audit Committee, Messrs. Heilbronn and Cho l, as well as Ms. Gabai-Pinsky,
are independent within the meaning of those rules. 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk
Management 

Please see our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence, under the heading Board Leadership Structure and Risk Management , for prior disclosure
on this topic, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services 

Fees 

The following sets
forth the fees billed to us by Mazars USA LLP, as well as discusses the services provided for the past two fiscal years, fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Audit Fees 

Fees
billed by Mazars USA LLP and its affiliate, Mazars S.A. for audit services and review of the financial statements contained in
our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q were 1.4 million and 1.2 and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Mazars
USA LLP did not bill us for any audit-related services during 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

Mazars
USA did not bill us in 2022 for any tax services. Tax services billed to us during 2021 was 49,300. 

All Other Fees 

Mazars
S.A. billed us 6,000 and 3,000 for other services during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies
and Procedures 

The Audit Committee
has the sole authority for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent accountants, who prepare
or issue an audit report for us. 

78 

During the first quarter
of 2022, the audit committee authorized the following non-audit services to be performed by Mazars USA LLP. 

We authorized the engagement of Mazars USA LLP if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation in the ordinary course of business for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

We authorized the engagement of Mazars USA LLP if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation as may be required on a project by project basis that would not be considered in the ordinary course of business, up to a 10,000 fee limit per project (or 10,000 in the case of Interparfums SA), subject to an aggregate fee limit of 50,000 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. If we require further tax services from Mazars USA LLP, then the approval of the audit committee must be obtained. 

We authorized the engagement of Mazars USA LLP if deemed necessary to provide attestation or other services as may be required on a project by project basis that would not be considered in the ordinary course of business, up to a 10,000 fee limit per project (or 10,000 in the case of Interparfums SA), subject to an aggregate fee limit of 50,000 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. If we require further tax services from Mazars USA LLP, then the approval of the audit committee must be obtained. 

If we require other services by Mazars USA LLP on an expedited basis such that obtaining pre-approval of the audit committee is not practicable, then the Chairman of the Committee has authority to grant the required pre-approvals for all such services. 

We imposed a cap of 100,000 on the fees that Mazars USA LLP can charge for services on an expedited basis that are approved by the Chairman without obtaining full audit committee approval. 

None of the non-audit services of either of the Company s auditors had the pre-approval requirement waived in accordance with Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X. 

79 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules 

Page 
 
 a)(1) Financial Statements annexed hereto 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Audited Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 F-34 

(a)(3) Exhibits The list of exhibits is contained in the
 Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page of this report. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

80 

INTER PARFUMS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule 

Index 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Mazars USA LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID 

Audited Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 F-34 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements
and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Inter Parfums, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index in Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based
on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 

Basis for Opinion 

 The Company s management is responsible
for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

F- 2 

Our audits of the consolidated financial
statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of
the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

 A company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect
on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical
audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not,
by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates. 

As described in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company s consolidated indefinite and finite - life intangible assets balance was 291 million
at December 31, 2022. Indefinite lived intangible assets principally consist of trademarks and finite-lived intangible assets represent
fees to acquire or enter into a license. 

Those intangible assets are tested for
impairment as follows: 

- Indefinite - life intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting
unit level or more frequently when events occur, or circumstances change. The evaluation requires a comparison of the estimated
fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. The fair value is estimated based upon discounted future cash flow
projections. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded. 

F- 3 

- Finite - life intangible assets are tested for impairment testing whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist, the undiscounted
future cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value of the asset.
If the projection of undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible asset, an impairment
charge would be recorded. 

The determination of the future cash flows
of the intangible assets requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues,
operating margins, and discount rates. As disclosed by management, changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact
on the future cash flows and therefore, on the amount of any impairment charge. The determination of an impairment indicator on
the finite - life intangible assets requires management judgments and involves assumptions. 

We identified the impairment assessment
of intangible assets as a critical audit matter as auditing management s judgments regarding the evaluation of impairment
indicators, forecasts of future revenue, operating margin, and the discount rate to be applied involve a high degree of subjectivity. 

The primary procedures we performed to
address this critical audit matter included: 

Reviewing the analysis of the identification
of impairment evidence for each indefinite and finite-life asset based on three indicators (sales analysis, new products launches,
and payment of minimum guarantees), and then corroborating that analysis with external information and evidence obtained in other
areas of the audit. 

Testing the effectiveness of controls
relating to management s impairment tests, including controls over the impairment indicators and determination of the future
cash flows. 

In testing management s process
for determining the future cash flows we evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future revenue and operating
margin by performing a retrospective review in comparing these forecasts to historical operating results, evaluating whether the
assumptions used were reasonable considering current information as well as future expectations, and using additional evidence
obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Utilizing a valuation specialist
to assist in auditing the discount rate. It includes evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable by comparing to third
party market data. 

Mazars USA LLP 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2004. 

February 28, 2023 

F- 4 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022, and 2021 

 (In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Assets 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Receivables, other 

Other current assets 

Income taxes receivable 

Total current assets 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Accounts payable - trade 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long term debt, less current portion 

Lease liabilities, less current portion 

Equity: 

Inter Parfums, Inc. shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares: 
 issued 

Common stock, par value. Authorized shares: 
outstanding, and shares on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Treasury stock, at cost, common shares on December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Total Inter Parfums, Inc. shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss 

Income from operations 

Other expenses (income): 

Interest expense 

Loss (gain) on foreign currency 

Interest and investment income 

Other loss (income) 

Nonoperating Income (Expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to the
 noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. common shareholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Dividends declared per share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
(In thousands except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax 

Transfer of OCI into earnings 

Translation
adjustments, net of tax 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

Net income 

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax 

Translation adjustments, net of tax 

Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, atributable
 to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to Inter Parfums Inc. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
(In thousands except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Common stock, beginning of year 

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 

Common stock, end of year 

Additional paid-in capital, beginning of year 

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 

Share-based compensation 

Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests 

Shares issued for license acquisition 

Transfer of subsidiary shares purchased 

Additional paid-in capital, end of year 

Retained earnings, beginning of year 

Net income 

Dividends 

Share-based compensation 

Retained earnings, end of year 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, beginning of year 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Transfer from other comprehensive income into earnings 

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of year 

Treasury stock, beginning and end of year 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Treasury stock, beginning and end of year 

Noncontrolling interest, beginning of year 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax 

Dividends 

Share-based compensation 

Transfer of subsidiary shares purchased 

Noncontrolling interest, end of year 

Total equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
(In thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization including impairment loss 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Noncash stock compensation 

Share of income of equity investment 

() 

() 
 
 Lease expense 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of derivatives 

() 
 
 Changes in: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Income taxes, net 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 

Purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payment for intangible assets acquired 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of equity investment 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Jimmy Choo 

Coach 

GUESS 

No other brand represented 10 
or more of consolidated net sales. 

owned Interparfums SA,
a subsidiary whose stock is publicly traded in France. All material intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated . 

million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
Accounts receivable balances are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they become uncollectible. Recoveries
of accounts receivable previously recorded against the allowance are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when received.
We generally grant credit based upon our analysis of the customer s financial position, as well as previously established
buying patterns. 

and in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including future sales levels, future cost of goods and operating
expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products
which are more subjective in nature. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment
charge is recorded. 

Intangible assets subject to
amortization are evaluated for impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an amortizable intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist for an amortizable intangible asset,
the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value
of the asset. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is in excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset, no
impairment charge is recorded. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible
asset, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the intangible asset to its fair value. 

million , 1 million and million 
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements
of income. The Company grants credit to all qualified customers and does not believe it is exposed significantly to any undue
concentration of credit risk. No one customer represented or more of net sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
the amounts recognized for the rights to recover products was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The physical condition and marketability of returned products are the major factors we consider in estimating realizable value.
Actual returns, as well as estimated realizable values of returned products, may differ significantly, either favorably or unfavorably,
from our estimates, if factors such as economic conditions, inventory levels or competitive conditions differ from our expectations. 

million , million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Costs relating to purchase with purchase
and gift with purchase promotions that are reflected in cost of sales aggregated million , million and million 
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to to the licensor, at least annually, based on net sales to third parties. 

In certain cases, the Company
may pay an entry fee to acquire, or enter into, a license where the licensor or another licensee was operating a pre-existing fragrance
business. In those cases, the entry fee is capitalized as an intangible asset and amortized over its useful life. 

Most license agreements require
minimum royalty payments, incremental royalties based on net sales levels and minimum spending on advertising and promotional activities.
Royalty expenses are accrued in the period in which net sales are recognized while advertising and promotional expenses are accrued
at the time these costs are incurred. 

In addition, the Company is exposed
to certain concentration risk. Most of our prestige fragrance brands are licensed from unaffiliated third parties, and our business
is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses. 

F- 14 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Salvatore Ferragamo 

In October 2021, we closed on
a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production
and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures
and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in October 2021 and will last for 10 years
with a 5-year optional term, subject to certain conditions. 

With respect to the management
and coordination of activities related to the license agreement, the Company operates through a wholly-owned Italian subsidiary
based in Florence, that was acquired from Salvatore Ferragamo on October 1, 2021. The acquisition together with the license agreement
was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 

Emanuel Ungaro 

In October 2021, Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary
in our industry. 

Donna Karan and DKNY 

In September 2021, we entered
into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance-related
products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures
and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. With this agreement, we are gaining several well-established and valuable
fragrance franchises, most notably Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious , as well as a significant loyal
consumer base around the world. In connection with the grant of license, we issued shares of Inter Parfums, Inc. common
stock valued at .0 million to the licensor. The exclusive license is effective July 1, 2022, and we are planning to launch new
fragrances under these brands in 2024. 

Rochas Fashion 

Effective January 1, 2021,
 million impairment charge on our Rochas fashion
trademark. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we again took a 6.8 million impairment charge on the Rochas fashion trademark after
an independent expert concluded that the valuation of the trademark was 11.3 million. The new license also contains an option
for the licensee to buy-out the Rochas fashion trademarks in June 2025 at its then fair market value. 

Land
and Building Acquisition - Future Headquarters in Paris 

In
April 2021, Interparfums SA, our owned French subsidiary, completed the acquisition of its future headquarters at 10 rue de
Solf rino in the 7th arrondissement of Paris from the property developer. This is an office complex combining three buildings
connected by two inner courtyards, and consists of approximately 40,000 total sq. ft. 

The
purchase price includes the complete renovation of the site. As of December 31, 2022, million of the purchase price, including
approximately million of acquisition costs, is included in property, equipment and leasehold improvements on the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The purchase price has been allocated approximately million to land and million 
to the building. The building, which was delivered on February 28, 2022, includes the building structure, development of
the property, fa ade waterproofing, general and technical installations and interior fittings that will be depreciated
over a range of 7 to 50 years. The Company has elected to depreciate the building cost based on the useful lives of its components.
Approximately million of cash held in escrow is also included in property, equipment and leasehold improvements on the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

The
acquisition was financed by a 10 -year million (approximately million bank loan which bears interest at . Approximately million of the variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with
a maximum rate of 2 per annum. 

F- 16 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Overhead included in inventory
aggregated million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in inventories is an inventory
reserve, which represents the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated realizable value, based upon sales
forecasts and the physical condition of the inventories. In addition, and as necessary, specific reserves for future known or anticipated
events may be established. Inventory reserves aggregated million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Interest rate swaps 

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts accounted for using hedge accounting 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts not accounted for using hedge accounting 

Total liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Total 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Short-term investments 

Liabilities: 

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts accounted for using hedge accounting 

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts not accounted for using hedge accounting 

Interest rate swaps 

Total liabilities 

The carrying amount of cash and
cash equivalents including money market funds, short-term investments including marketable equity securities, accounts receivable,
other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short terms to maturity of these instruments.
The carrying amount of loans payable approximates fair value as the variable interest rates on the Company s indebtedness
approximate current market rates. 

Foreign currency forward exchange
contracts are valued based on quotations from financial institutions and the value of interest rate swaps are the discounted net
present value of the swaps using third party quotes from financial institutions. 

Gains and losses in derivatives
designated as hedges are accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) and gains and losses in derivatives not designated as
hedges are included in (gain) loss on foreign currency on the accompanying income statements. Such gains and losses were immaterial
in each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense includes a gain of million and 
million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting from an interest rate swap. 

All derivative instruments
are reported as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet measured at fair value. The valuation of interest rate swap
is included in other assets on the accompanying balance sheet for the period ended December 31, 2022 and was included in long-term
debt on the accompanying balance sheet for the period ended December 31, 2021. The valuation of foreign currency forward exchange
contracts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, resulted in an asset and is included in other current assets on the accompanying
balance sheets. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company
had foreign currency contracts in the form of forward exchange contracts with notional amounts of approximately U.S. million ,
which all have maturities of less than one year. 

Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization
expense was million , million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

F- 19 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Trademarks (finite lives) 

Licenses (finite lives) 

Other intangible assets (finite lives) 

Subtotal 

Total 

2021 
 Gross Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Book Value 
 
 Trademarks (indefinite lives) 

Trademarks (finite lives) 

Licenses (finite lives) 

Other intangible assets (finite lives) 

Subtotal 

Total 

Amortization expense was
 million , million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense is expected to approximate
 7.0 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and 2027. The weighted average amortization
period for trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets with finite lives are 18 years, 14 years and 2 years, respectively,
and 14 years on average. 

The Company reviews intangible
assets with indefinite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. There was an impairment charge for trademarks with indefinite useful lives of million and million 
in 2022 and 2021, respectively, relating to our Rochas fashion business and an impairment charge for trademarks with indefinite
useful lives of million in 2022 relating to our Intimate trademark. The fair values used in our evaluations are estimated
based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of , , and as of December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including, future sales
levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or
changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. The Company believes that the assumptions
it has made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable and currently no other impairment
indicators exist for our indefinite-lived assets. However, if future actual results do not meet our expectations, the Company
may be required to record an impairment charge, the amount of which could be material to our results of operations. 

The cost of trademarks, licenses
and other intangible assets with finite lives is being amortized by the straight-line method over the term of the respective license
or the intangible assets estimated useful life which range from three to twenty years . If the residual value of a finite life intangible
asset exceeds its carrying value, then the asset is not amortized. The Company reviews intangible assets with finite lives for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Trademarks (finite lives)
primarily represent Lanvin brand names and trademarks and in connection with their purchase, Lanvin was granted the right to
repurchase the brand names and trademarks on July 1, 2027 for 70 million (approximately 
5 million) (residual value) in accordance with an amendment signed in 2021. Because the residual value of the intangible
asset exceeds its carrying value, the asset is not being amortized. 

Salary (including bonus and related taxes) 

Royalties 

Due vendors (not yet invoiced) 

Retirement reserves 

Refund (return) liability 

Other 

Total 

million unsecured revolving line of credit due on demand, which bears interest at the daily Secured
Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus (the SOFR was as of December 31, 2022). The line of credit which has
a maturity date of December 15, 2023 , is expected to be renewed on an annual basis. Borrowings outstanding pursuant to lines of
credit were zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company s foreign subsidiaries
have available credit lines, including several bank overdraft facilities totaling approximately million. These credit lines
bear interest at EURIBOR plus between and (EURIBOR was minus at December 31, 2022). Borrowings outstanding pursuant
to these bank overdraft facilities were zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As there were no borrowings outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is no weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

F- 21 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

million payable in equal monthly installments of million beginning in December 2022, bearing interest at one-month Euribor plus 

million payable in equal monthly installments of million beginning in April 2021, bearing interest at one-month Euribor plus 

million payable in equal annual installments of million beginning in January 2020 including interest imputed at per annum 

million payable in equal annual installments of million beginning in October 2021 including interest imputed at per annum 

Less current maturities 

Total 
 
 132,892 

In December 2022, to finance
Interparfums SA s acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a 53.3 million million) four-year
loan agreement. The swap is a hedged derivative instrument and is
therefore recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in other comprehensive income. 

In April 2021, to finance the
acquisition of Interparfums SA s future corporate headquarters, the Company entered into a million million)
ten-year credit agreement. The swap is a derivative instrument and is therefore recorded at fair value
and changes in fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Maturities of long-term debt
subsequent to December 31, 2022 are approximately million in 2023 and 

F- 22 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

. Rental expense related to operating leases was million , million , and million for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Operating lease payments included in operating cash flows totaled million 
and noncash additions to operating lease assets totaled million . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less imputed interest (based on
 2.6 weighted-average discount rate) 

License Agreements 

In connection with certain of these license agreements, the Company is subject to minimum
annual advertising commitments, minimum annual royalties and other commitments as follows: 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Future advertising commitments
are estimated based on planned future sales for the license terms that were in effect at December 31, 2022, without consideration
for potential renewal periods. The above figures do not reflect the fact that our distributors share our advertising obligations.
Royalty expense included in selling, general, and administrative expenses, aggregated million , million and million ,
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and represented , and of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

million , million and million in
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Compensation cost, net of estimated
forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Forfeitures are estimated
based on historic trends. It is generally the Company s policy to issue new shares upon exercise of stock options. 

Nonvested options granted 

Nonvested options vested or forfeited 

Nonvested options end of year 

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Shares under option - end of year 

At December 31, 2022, options
for shares were available for future grant under the plans. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding is 
million as of December 31, 2022 and unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options outstanding aggregated million ,
which will be recognized over the next five years. 

The weighted average fair values
of options granted by Inter Parfums, Inc. during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and per share, respectively, on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value. 

Weighted-average expected option life 
 4.0 years 
 5.0 years 
 5.0 years 
 
 Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 

Weighted-average dividend yield 

Expected volatility is estimated
based on historic volatility of the Company s common stock. The expected term of the option is estimated based on historic
data. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant of the option and the dividend
yield reflects the assumption that the dividend payout as authorized by the Board of Directors would maintain its current payout
ratio as a percentage of earnings. 

Tax benefits 

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 

- 
 
 0.96 years 

- 
 
 2.04 years 

3.00 years 

5.85 years 

Totals 
 
 2.62 years 

As of December 31, 2022, the
weighted average exercise price of options exercisable was and the weighted average remaining contractual life of options
exercisable is 1.88 years. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable at December 31, 2022 is million . 

In December 2018, Interparfums
SA approved a plan to grant an aggregate of shares of its stock to employees with no performance condition requirement,
and an aggregate of shares to officers and managers, subject to certain corporate performance conditions. The corporate
performance conditions were met and therefore in June 2022, shares, adjusted for stock splits, were distributed. The aggregate
cost of the grant of approximately million was recognized as compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 three -year service period. 

In March 2022, Interparfums SA
approved an additional plan to grant an aggregate of shares to all Interparfums SA employees and corporate officers having
more than six months of employment at grant date, subject to certain corporate performance conditions. The shares, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, will be distributed in June 2025 and will follow the same guidelines as the December 2018 plan. 

The fair value of the grant had
been determined based on the quoted stock price of Interparfums SA shares as reported by the Euronext on the date of grant. The
estimated number of shares to be distributed of has been determined taking into account employee turnover. The aggregate
cost of the grant of approximately million will be recognized as compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite
three and a quarter year service period. 

Similar to the December 2018
plan, in order to avoid dilution of the Company s ownership of Interparfums SA, all shares distributed or to be distributed
pursuant to these plans will be pre-existing shares of Interparfums SA, purchased in the open market by Interparfums SA. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired shares at an aggregate cost of million. 

Dividends 

In October 2019, our Board of
Directors authorized a increase in the annual dividend to per share on an annual basis. In April 2020, as a result of
the uncertainties raised by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Directors authorized a temporary suspension of the annual cash
dividend. In February 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a reinstatement of an annual dividend of 1.00, payable quarterly.
In February 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a 100 increase in the annual dividend to 2.00 per share and in February 2023,
the Board of Directors further increased the annual dividend to per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of per
share is payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 15, 2023. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares 
 31,859,417 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share 
 31,988,753 

Earnings per share: 

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc.
 common shareholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Not included in the above computations
is the effect of anti-dilutive potential common shares, which consist of outstanding options to purchase , , and 
shares of common stock for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Europe 

Eliminations of intercompany
 sales 

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc.: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

Depreciation and amortization expense including
 impairment loss: 

United States 

Europe 

Interest and investment income: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

Interest expense: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

Income tax expense: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Total assets: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

Additions to long-lived assets: 

United States 

Europe 

Total long-lived assets: 

United States 

Europe 

Deferred tax assets: 

United States 

Europe 

Eliminations 

United States export sales were
approximately million , million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Consolidated net sales to
customers by region are as follows: 

Europe 

Asia 

Middle East 

Central and South America 

Other 

France 

Russia 

United Kingdom 

Foreign operations 

194,219 
 151,019 
 69,349 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total income tax expense 

Inventory and accounts receivable 

Profit sharing 

Stock option compensation 

Effect of inventory profit elimination 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities (long-term): 

Building expenses 

Trademarks and licenses 

Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowances have been
provided for deferred tax assets relating to foreign net operating loss carry-forwards as future profitable operations from certain
foreign subsidiaries might not be sufficient to realize the full amount of the deferred tax assets. 

No other valuation allowances
have been provided as management believes that it is more likely than not that the asset will be realized in the reduction of future
taxable income. 

The Company estimated of the
effect of global intangible low-taxed income GILTI and has determined that it has no tax liability related to GILTI
as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company also estimated the effect of foreign derived intangible income FDII and recorded a tax benefit of approximately million , million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

The Company is no longer subject
to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. 

State and local taxes, net of Federal benefit 

Windfall benefit from exercise of stock options 

Benefit of Foreign Derived Intangible Income 

Effect of foreign taxes greater than U.S. statutory rates 

Other 

Effective rates 

Net derivative instrument loss, net of tax 

Net derivative instruments, end of year 

Cumulative translation adjustments, beginning of year 

Translation adjustments 

Cumulative translation adjustments, end of year 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

F- 32 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(In thousands except share and per share
data) 

Decrease in Inter Parfums, Inc. s additional paid-in capital for subsidiary share transactions 

Change from net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. and transfers from noncontrolling interest 

Cash held in escrow included in other assets (see note 3) 

Cash and cash equivalents per statement of cash flows 

F- 33 

(d) 
 (a) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

)(d) 
 (a) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

(d) 
 (a) 

Allowance for sales returns, net of inventory: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

(b) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

(b) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

(b) 

Inventory reserve: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

)(d) 
 (c) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

(d)(e) 
 (c) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

(d) 
 (c) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

See accompanying reports of independent registered public accounting
firm. 

F- 34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Inter Parfums, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Jean Madar 

Jean Madar, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 28, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jean Madar 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Jean Madar 
 
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Michel Atwood 

Michel Atwood 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Philippe Benacin 

Philippe Benacin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Philippe Santi 

Philippe Santi 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/
 Fran ois Heilbronn 

Fran ois Heilbronn 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Robert Bensoussan 

Robert Bensoussan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Cho l 

Patrick Cho l 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Michel Dyens 
 
 Director 
 
 February __, 2023 

/s/ Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Gilbert Harrison 

Gilbert Harrison 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Exhibit Index 

The following documents
previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.166 
 
 Form
 of Option Agreement for Options Granted to Executive Officers on December 29, 2017 with Schedule of Option Holders and Options
 Granted 

10.167 
 
 Form
 of Option Agreement for Options Granted to Executive Officers on January 19, 2018 with Schedule of Option Holders and Options
 Granted 

The following documents
previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2018: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.156 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement with Jean Madar Holding SAS 

10.168 
 
 Eighth
 Modification of Lease for portions of 551 5 th Avenue, New York, NY 

10.168.1 
 
 Exhibits
 to Eighth Modification of Lease for portions of 551 5 th Avenue, New York, NY 

10.169 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Lease for 60 Stults Road, South Brunswick, NJ 

10.171 
 
 Form
 of Option Agreement for Options Granted to Executive Officers on December 31, 2018 with Schedule of Option Holders and Options
 Granted 

The following document
previously filed with the Commission is incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on
February 7, 2020: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.171 
 
 Form
 of Amendment to Consulting Agreement for Jean Madar Holding SAS 

81 

The following documents
previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2019: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.160 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement with Philippe Benacin Holding SAS 

3.1.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation dated September 3, 1987 

3.1.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 31, 1992 

3.1.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 9, 1993 

3.1.4 
 
 Amendment
 to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated July 13, 1999 

3.1.5 
 
 Amendment
 to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated July 12, 2000 

3.1.6 
 
 Amendment
 to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated August 6, 2004 

3.3 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Inter Parfums Holdings, S.A. 

3.3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Inter Parfums Holdings, S.A. (English translation) 

3.4 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Interparfums SA 

3.4.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Interparfums SA (English translation) 

10.25 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and Philippe Benacin dated July 29, 1991 

10.26 
 
 Lease
 for portion of 15th Floor, 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 

10.61 
 
 Lease
 for 60 Stults Road, South Brunswick, NJ between Forsgate Industrial Complex, LP, and Jean Philippe Fragrances, Inc. dated
 July 10, 1995 

10.61.1 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Lease for 60 Stults Road, South Brunswick, NJ 

10.172 
 
 Form
 of Option Agreement for Options Granted to Executive Officers on December 31, 2019 with Schedule of Option Holders and Options
 Granted 

10.173 
 
 Lease
 for Interparfums SA Distribution Center (confidential information in this exhibit was omitted) 

The following documents
previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2020: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

23 
 
 Consent of Mazars USA LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

101 
 
 Interactive data files 

82 

The following documents previously filed
with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.33 
 
 2016 Stock Option Plan 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23 
 
 Consent of Mazars USA LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibits Filed and Attached to this report: 

The following documents are filed with
this report, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Page Nos. 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23 
 
 Consent of Mazars USA LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer 

83 

<EX-21>
 2
 g083417_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

Inter Parfums Holdings, S.A. 
 France 
 
 Interparfums SA 
 France 
 
 Jean Philippe Fragrances, LLC 
 New York 
 
 Interparfums, USA LLC 
 New York 
 
 IP Beauty, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Parfums Rochas Spain, SL 
 Spain 
 
 Interparfums (Suisse) Sarl 
 Switzerland 
 
 Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Interparfums Asia Pacific Pte., Ltd. 
 Republic of Singapore 
 
 Inter Parfums USA Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Interstellar Brands LLC 
 New York 
 
 Divabox SAS 
 France 
 
 Interparfums Italia Srl 
 Italy 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 g083417_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inter Parfums, Inc. and subsidiaries and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022 of our
reports dated February 28, 2023 included in its Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-136988 and No. 333-216705) dated February
28, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules and internal controls
for the three years ended 2022 listed in Item 15(a)(2). 

/s/ Mazars USA LLP 

New York, New York 

February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 g083417_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Jean Madar, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Inter
Parfums, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s /Jean Madar 

Jean Madar, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 g083417_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Michel Atwood, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Inter
Parfums, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s /Michel Atwood 

Michel Atwood 
 Chief Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 g083417_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

The undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance
with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of Inter
Parfums, Inc., that the Annual Report of Inter Parfums, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jean Madar 

Jean Madar, 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Inter Parfums, Inc. and will be retained by Inter Parfums, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 g083417_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

The undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance
with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of Inter
Parfums, Inc., that the Annual Report of Inter Parfums, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michel Atwood 

Michel Atwood, 

Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Inter Parfums, Inc. and will be retained by Inter Parfums, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ipar-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ipar-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ipar-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ipar-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

