<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_887396_0001072613-23-000285.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6480266</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>214809</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1229410</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1726499</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1550490</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1592839</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001072613-23-000285.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331171224
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001072613-23-000285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMPIRE PETROLEUM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887396
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				731238709
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16653
		FILM NUMBER:		23789095

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 S. UTICA PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(539) 444-8002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 S. UTICA PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICOMM RESOURCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICOMM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001072613-23-000285.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 empire_form10k123122.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 _________________ 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) 

 Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: None 

 (Title
of class) 

 ______________________ 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the closing sales
price of such common equity as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

The
number of shares of the registrant's common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding as of March 21, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions
of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders have been
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

- 1 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 FORM
10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE
 NO. 

PART I 

Glossary of Certain Oil and Natural Gas Terms 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 29 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 29 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 30 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 30 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 31 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 31 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 31 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 31 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 32 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 34 

Signatures 
 
 35 

- 2 - 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

 Certain
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). Additionally, forward-looking statements may be made orally or in press releases, conferences,
reports, on our website or otherwise, in the future by us or on our behalf. Such statements are generally identifiable by the terminology
used such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 forecasted, intend, may, might, plan, potential, 
 predict, project, should, would or other similar words, although not all forward-looking
statements contain such identifying words. 

By their very nature, forward-looking
statements require management to make assumptions that may not materialize or that may not be accurate. Forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of activity and achievements
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in other documents that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), and the following: 

changes
 in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices and the demand for oil, natural gas and
 natural gas liquids; 

our
 ability to replace reserves and efficiently develop current reserves; 

management's
 ability to execute our business plan; 

delays
 and other difficulties related to producing oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids; 

delays
 and other difficulties related to regulatory and governmental approvals and restrictions; 

availability
 of sufficient capital to execute management's business plan, including from future cash flows,
 available borrowing capacity under revolving credit facilities and otherwise; 

management's
 ability to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms and management's ability to
 integrate acquisitions; 

weather
 and environmental conditions; 

unforeseen
 engineering, mechanical or technological difficulties in working over wells; 

costs
 of operations and operating hazards; 

competition
 from other natural resource companies; 

unanticipated
 reductions in the borrowing base under the revolving credit facility we are party to; 

the
 availability of sufficient pipeline and other transportation facilities and equipment to
 carry our production to market and the impact of these facilities on our realized prices; 

our
 ability to retain key members of senior management and key technical and financial employees; 

the
 identification of and severity of adverse events and governmental responses to these or other
 environmental events; 

future
 ESG compliance developments and increased attention to such matters which could adversely
 affect our ability to raise equity and debt capital; 

the
 effect of our derivative activities; 

impacts
 of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 

the
 effects of governmental and environmental regulation; and 

general
 economic conditions. 

 All
forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section and elsewhere in this
Form 10-K. Other than as required by applicable securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations, or otherwise. Readers should not
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or,
if earlier, as of the date they were made. 

- 3 - 

GLOSSARY
OF CERTAIN OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS 

The
following are abbreviations and definitions of terms commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry and within this report. 

Bbl
 One barrel or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 

 Bcf
 One billion cubic feet of natural gas. 

 Boe
 Barrel of oil equivalent, determined using a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas equal to one barrel of oil equivalent. The ratio
does not assume price equivalency and, given price differentials, the price for a barrel of oil equivalent for natural gas differs significantly
from the price for a barrel of oil. A barrel of NGLs also differs significantly in price from a barrel of oil. 

 CG A
 Cawley, Gillespie Associates, Inc. 

 DD A
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization. 

 ESG
 Environmental, Social and Governance. 

 Field
 An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological
structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. 

 LOE
 Lease Operating Expense, a current period expense incurred to operate a well. 

 MBbls
 One thousand barrels of crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 

 MBoe
 One thousand barrels of oil equivalent, determined using a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas equal to one barrel of oil equivalent. 

 MMBoe
 One million barrels of oil equivalent, determined using a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas equal to one barrel of oil equivalent. 

 Mcf
 One thousand cubic feet. 

 MMcf
 One million cubic feet. 

 Net
acres or net wells The sum of the fractional working interests owned in gross acres or gross wells. 

 NYSE
American NYSE American Stock Exchange. 

 NGLs
 Natural gas liquids measured in barrels. NGLs are made up of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline,
each of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics. 

 Net
revenue interest or NRI The total revenue interest controlled by an entity in a specific oil or gas production unit,
including a well, lease, or drilling unit. 

 Operator
 An oil and gas joint venture participant that manages the joint venture, pays venture costs, and bills the venture s
non-operators for their share of venture costs. The operator is also responsible to market all oil, gas, and NGL production, except for
those non-operators who take their production in-kind. 

 OTCQB
 The over-the-counter (OTC) market exchange for the middle tier of three marketplaces for trading OTC stocks. 

 Overriding
Royalty Interest or ORRI A royalty interest that is created out of the operating or working interest. Unlike a royalty
interest, an overriding royalty interest terminates with the operating interest from which it was created or carved out of. 

 Plugging
and abandonment or P A Refers to the sealing off of fluids in the strata penetrated by a well so that the fluids
from one stratum will not escape into another stratum or to the surface. 

 Proved
developed producing reserves or PDP Reserves that can be expected to be recovered from existing wells and completions
with existing equipment and operating methods. 

 PV-10
 The present value, discounted at 10 per annum, of future net revenues (estimated future gross revenues less estimated future
costs of production, development, and asset retirement costs) associated with reserves and is not necessarily the same as market value.
PV-10 does not include estimated future income taxes. Unless otherwise noted, PV-10 is calculated using the pricing scheme required by
the SEC. PV-10 of proved reserves is calculated the same as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows, except that
the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows includes future estimated income taxes discounted at 10 per annum. 

 Royalty
Interest or RI The mineral owner s share of production, free of costs, but subject to severance taxes unless
the lessor is a government. 

 SEC
 United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 Standardized
Measure The present value of estimated future net revenue to be generated from the production of proved reserves, determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC (using prices and costs in effect as of the date of estimation), less future
development, production and income tax expenses, and discounted at 10 per annum to reflect the timing of future net revenue. 

 Undeveloped
acreage Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial
quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. 

 Working
interest or WI The ownership interest, generally defined in a JOA, that gives the owner the right to drill, produce
and/or conduct operating activities on the property and share in the sale of production, subject to all royalties, overriding royalties
and other burdens and obligates the owner of the interest to share in all costs of exploration, development operations and all risks
in connection therewith. 

 Workover
 Operations on a producing well to restore or increase production. 

- 4 - 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

In
this Form 10-K, references to Empire , the Company , we , our , and us 
refer to Empire Petroleum Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless context indicates otherwise. 

We
uplisted from the OTCQB to the NYSE American effective March 8, 2022. Immediately prior to the listing, a reverse stock split of 1 for
4 occurred. All pricing and share amounts for periods prior to the reverse stock split have been stated at post-reverse split amounts. 

On
March 8, 2022, our common stock began trading on the NYSE American under the symbol EP and CUSIP 292034303. Prior to trading
on the NYSE American, our common stock was accessible on the OTCQB. 

Overview 

Empire
Petroleum Corporation is an independent energy company that engages in unlocking value in developed assets. Empire operates the following
wholly-owned subsidiaries in its areas of operations: 

Empire New Mexico LLC d/b/a Green Tree New Mexico Empire New
 Mexico 
 
 Empire
 Rockies Region 

Empire
 North Dakota LLC Empire North Dakota 

Empire
 North Dakota Acquisition LLC Empire NDA 

Empire Texas Empire Texas ),
 consisting of the following entities: 

Empire
 Texas LLC 

Empire
 Texas Operating LLC 

Empire
 Texas GP LLC 

Pardus
 Oil Gas Operating, LP (owned 1 by Empire Texas GP LLC and 99 by Empire Texas LLC) 

Empire
 Louisiana LLC Empire Louisiana 

Empire
was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 1985. The consolidated financial statements of Empire Petroleum Corporation and subsidiaries
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Our
mission is to increase shareholder value by building oil and natural gas reserves in strategic plays in the United States. To accomplish
its mission, we plan on executing the following business strategies: 

Cost-effectively optimize well production 
 
 Reduce
 unit operating costs and improve margins 

Target
 proved developed producing acquisitions in predictable fields that have historically had
 low production decline and long lives 

Focus
 on high-quality assets that add scale and provide synergies to our existing portfolio and
 core areas of operation 

We
operate as a single segment as each of our operating areas have similar economic characteristics and each meet the criteria for aggregation
as defied by accounting standards related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise. 

Properties 

We
are an independent operator in four geographic areas in the United States. As operator, we manage and influence production on operated
properties. We use a combination of experienced field personnel and third-party service providers to execute our mission. Our properties
have reasonably predictable production profiles and cash flows, subject to commodity price and cost fluctuations. 

As
is common in the industry in which we operate, we selectively participate in drilling and developmental activities in non-operated properties.
Decisions to participate in non-operated properties are made after technical and economic analysis of the projects which also considers
the operating expertise and historical track record of the operators. 

- 5 - 

Empire New
Mexico 

Empire
New Mexico was formed when we purchased producing assets from XTO in May 2021. These assets are located in Lea County, New Mexico and
consist of a contiguous and consolidated acreage position consisting of 48,000 gross (40,000 net) acres held by production from approximately
730 wells with an average WI of 72 and average NRI of 61 and 14 RI wells with an average ORRI of 11 . Empire New Mexico s assets
primarily produce oil with natural gas and NGLs accompanying oil production. Empire New Mexico s properties are in the following
formations: 

Grayburg/San
 Andres (primary source of production) 

Queen-Seven
 Rivers-Yates 

Devonian 

Abo 

Blineberry 

Tubb 

Drinkard 

Empire
North Dakota 

Empire
North Dakota operates approximately 230 producing properties with an average WI of 89 and NRI of 61 in North Dakota and western Montana
that were acquired in April 2019. These properties primarily produce oil with some related gas production. Assets are located in the
following formations: 

Madison
 (primary source of production) 

Bakken 

Duperow 

Red
 River 

Ratcliffe/Mission
 Canyon 

These
assets have experienced near-flat production rates over the last five years. We have been able to capitalize on operational improvements
to allow more immediate recovery of reserves. 

Empire
Texas 

In
April 2020, Empire Texas acquired approximately 140 gross wells and approximately 30,000 net acres with an average operated WI of 96 
and an average operated NRI of 79 as well as 77 miles of gathering lines and pipelines with related facilities and equipment. Empire
Texas owns concentrated acreage and stacked pay in the historically prolific East Texas Basin. Assets are concentrated in the Fort Trinidad
Field in Houston and Madison Counties with high working interest and historical production from eight separate formations. 

Empire Louisiana

Empire Louisiana
acquired its assets in late 2018 and has 10 producing properties and three saltwater disposal wells in the following formations: 

Miocene 

Frio 

Cockfield 

Wilcox 

Empire Louisiana s
assets primarily produce oil from properties with average WI of 58 and NRI of 47 . 

- 6 - 

Production
and Operating Data 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our production and operating data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Because of
normal production declines, increased or decreased production due to future acquisitions, divestitures, and development, fluctuations
in commodity prices and the effects of acquisitions or divestitures, the historical information presented below should not be interpreted
as being indicative of future results. 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Production and operating data: 

Net production volumes: 

Oil (Bbl) 
 482,818 
 333,158 
 
 Natural gas (Mcf) 
 875,647 
 622,474 
 
 Natural gas liquids (Bbl) 
 160,809 
 102,893 
 
 Total (Boe) 
 789,568 
 539,796 

Average price per unit: 

Oil (a) 
 93.16 
 67.01 
 
 Natural gas (a)(b) 
 5.18 
 3.68 
 
 Natural gas liquids (b) 
 22.76 
 28.08 
 
 Total (Boe) 
 67.34 
 50.95 

Operating costs and expenses per Boe: 

Lease operating expense 
 29.87 
 24.61 
 
 Production and ad valorem taxes 
 4.99 
 3.90 
 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 
 4.19 
 6.89 
 
 General administrative 
 15.62 
 15.68 

(a) Excludes
 the effect of net cash receipts from (payments on) derivatives. 

(b) Includes
 gathering and processing costs in 2022 and 2021 that were previously reported in Lease operating expense within Operating
 Costs and expenses. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 1,100 wells which we operated. 

We
completed a pilot drilling program on four wells in North Dakota and are in the process of completing these wells as of December 31,
2022. During 2022, we had no other drilling activity with the exception of four non-operated wells. No wells were in progress as of December
31, 2021, and we had no drilling activity during 2021 with the exception of four non-operated wells. 

We
have no delivery commitments for oil or natural gas. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Reserves 

Our
primary mission is to optimize existing producing properties; as such, there are no reserves estimated for undeveloped properties, though
we own acreage that can be drilled in the future and are also a non-operator WI owner on acreage subject to future drilling activities.
The following table represents our oil and natural gas reserves at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 NGL 

(Mbbl) 
 (MMcf) 
 (Mbbl) 
 MBoe 
 
 Proved developed at December 31, 2022 
 8,826 
 12,936 
 2,262 
 13,244 
 
 Proved developed at December 31, 2021 
 8,448 
 11,205 
 87
 
 10,403 

Net
proved reserves were calculated using an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price within the 12-month period
for the year. All prices and costs associated with operating wells were held constant in accordance with SEC guidelines. Prices of 91.14
per barrel of oil, 4.23 per Mcf and 36.29 per barrel of NGL were utilized at December 31, 2022. Prices of 64.31 per barrel and 7.34
per Mcf were utilized at December 31, 2021. Natural gas pricing in 2022 includes prices received for NGLs during the year. In 2021, we
did not separately report the NGLs in New Mexico. 

- 7 - 

Reserve
Estimation Process 

Reserve
estimation is a subjective process as the underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas cannot be measured in an exact manner,
and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation
and judgment. The quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, production and operating costs, and future oil and
natural gas prices may differ from those assumed in these estimates. Our internal professionals work closely with our external engineers
to ensure the integrity, accuracy, and timeliness of data that is furnished to them for their reserve estimation process. 

We
engage an independent petroleum engineering firm, CG A, to prepare our annual reserve estimates and rely on CG A s expertise
to ensure that reserve estimates are prepared in accordance with SEC guidelines. 

The
technical person primarily responsible for the preparation of the reserve report is Zane Meekins, Executive Vice President. Mr. Meekins
has been with CG A since 1989 and graduated from Texas A M University in 1987 with a bachelor's degree in Petroleum Engineering.
He is a registered professional engineer in Texas and has more than 30 years of experience in the estimation and evaluation of oil and
natural gas reserves. He is also a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and The Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers. 

Brian
Weatherl, Vice President of Engineering, is responsible for our reservoir engineering, and is a qualified reserve estimator and is responsible
for overseeing CG A during the preparation of the annual reserve estimates. His professional qualifications meet or exceed the qualifications
of reserve estimators set forth in the Standards Pertaining to Estimation and Auditing of Oil and Natural Gas Reserve Information 
promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. His qualifications include a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from
the University of Tulsa in 1984 and he is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Mr. Weatherl has been estimating and evaluating
reserves for over 35 years. 

The
primary inputs to the reserve estimation process are technical information, financial data, ownership interest and production data. The
relevant field and reservoir technical information, which is updated at least annually, is assessed for validity when CG A has technical
meetings with our personnel. Current revenue and expense information is obtained from accounting records, which are subject to external
quarterly reviews, annual audits, and internal controls over financial reporting. All current financial data such as commodity prices,
lease operating expenses, production taxes and field level commodity price differentials are updated in the reserve database and then
analyzed to ensure that they have been entered accurately and that all updates are complete. Our ownership in mineral interests and well
production data are subject to internal controls and are incorporated into the reserve database as well as verified internally by our
personnel to ensure accuracy and completeness. Once the reserve database has been updated with current information, and the relevant
technical support material has been assembled, CG A meets with technical personnel to review field performance and future development
plans in order to verify the validity of estimates. Following these reviews, the reserve database is furnished to CG A so that it
can prepare its independent reserve estimate and final report. The reserve estimates prepared by CG A are reviewed and compared to
internal estimates by Mr. Weatherl. Material reserve estimation differences are reviewed between CG A and our technical personnel
and additional data is provided to address any variances. If the supporting documentation does not justify additional changes, CG A
reserves are accepted. In the event that additional data supports a reserve estimation adjustment, CG A will analyze the additional
data and may make changes it solely deems necessary. Additional data is usually comprised of updated production information on new wells.
Once the review is completed and all material differences are reconciled the reserve report is finalized and our reserve database is
updated with the final estimates provided by CG A. 

COVID-19 

Despite
recoveries in commodity prices, COVID-19 has impacted and may continue to impact the global economy and disrupt global supply chains
and has the potential to continue to create significant volatility and disruption of financial and commodity markets. The extent of the
continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute business strategies
and initiatives in the expected timeframes, is uncertain and depends on various factors outside of our control, including how the pandemic
continues to evolve and how measures taken in response to its effects impact the demand for oil and natural gas, the availability of
personnel, equipment, and services critical to our ability to operate our properties and the impact of potential governmental restrictions.
There is un certainty regarding the extent and duration of any disruption. 

Marketing
Arrangements 

We
market our oil and natural gas in accordance with standard energy industry practices. This marketing effort endeavors to obtain the combined
highest netback and most secure market available at that time. 

- 8 - 

We
sell oil production at the lease locations to third-party purchasers via truck transport or pipeline. We do not transport, refine or
process the oil we produce. We sell our produced oil under contracts using market-based pricing, which is adjusted for differentials
based upon oil quality. 

We
sell our natural gas and natural gas liquids under purchase contracts using market-based pricing, which is primarily sold at the lease
location. 

Principal
Customers 

We
sell our oil, natural gas, and NGL production to marketers which is transported by truck or pipeline to storage facilities arranged by
the marketers. Our marketing of oil and natural gas can be affected by factors beyond our control, the effects of which cannot be accurately
predicted. 

For
2022, 68 of revenues from oil, natural gas, and NGL sales were to four customers. For 2021, 63 of revenues from oil, natural gas, and
NGL sales were to four customers. While the loss of these purchasers may result in a temporary interruption in sales of, or a lower price
for, our production, we believe that the loss of these purchasers would not have a material adverse effect on our operations, as there
are alternative purchasers in our producing regions. 

Competition 

The
oil and natural gas industry in the areas in which we operate is highly competitive. We encounter strong competition from numerous parties,
ranging generally from small independent producers to major integrated companies. We primarily encounter significant competition in acquiring
properties. At higher commodity prices, we also face competition in contracting for oil field services, rigs, pressure pumping and workover
equipment and securing trained personnel. Many of these competitors have financial, technical and personnel resources substantially larger
than ours. As a result, our competitors may be able to pay more for desirable properties, or to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater
number of properties or prospects than our financial or personnel resources will permit. 

In
addition to competition for drilling, pressure pumping and workover equipment, we are also affected by the availability of related equipment
and materials. The oil and natural gas industry periodically experiences shortages of drilling and workover rigs, equipment, pipe, materials
and personnel, which can delay workover and exploration activities and cause significant price increases. We are unable to predict the
timing or duration of any such shortages. 

Seasonality
of Business 

Weather
conditions often affect the demand for, and prices of, natural gas and can also delay oil and natural gas production. Demand for natural
gas is traditionally higher in the winter, resulting in higher natural gas prices during the first and fourth quarters. Due to these
seasonal fluctuations, results of operations for individual quarterly periods may not be indicative of the results realized on an annual
basis. 

Markets;
Price Volatility 

The
market price of oil and natural gas is volatile, subject to speculative movement and depends upon numerous factors beyond our
control, including expectations regarding inflation, global and regional demand, political and economic conditions and production
costs. Future profitability, if any, will depend substantially upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. If the
market price for oil and natural gas remains depressed in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
raise additional capital necessary to finance operations. Lower oil and natural gas prices may also reduce the amount of oil and
natural gas, if any, that can be produced economically from our properties. We anticipate that the prices of oil and natural
gas will fluctuate in the near future. 

Regulation 

The
oil and natural gas industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the production, transportation
and sale of hydrocarbons as well as the taxation of income resulting therefrom. 

Legislation
affecting the oil and natural gas industry is constantly changing. Numerous federal and state departments and agencies have issued
rules and regulations applicable to the oil and natural gas industry. In general, these rules and regulations regulate, among other
things, the extent to which acreage may be acquired or relinquished; spacing of wells; measures required for preventing waste of oil
and natural gas resources; and, in some cases, rates of production. The heavy and increasing regulatory burdens on the oil and
natural gas industry increase our cost of doing business and, consequently, affect profitability. 

- 9 - 

Our
oil and natural gas operations are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection.
These laws govern, among other things, the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released into the environment, the
issuance of permits in connection with exploration, drilling and production activities, the reclamation and abandonment of wells and
facility sites and the remediation of contaminated sites. These laws and regulations may impose substantial liabilities if we fail
to comply or if any contamination results from our operations. 

Employees 

At
December 31, 2022, we had forty full-time employees, not including contract personnel and outsourced service providers. Our team is broadly
experienced in oil and natural gas operations and follows a strategy of outsourcing most accounting, human resources, and other non-core
functions. 

Office
Locations 

Our
corporate headquarters are at 2200 South Utica Place, Suite 150, Tulsa, Oklahoma, with field offices in North Dakota, Texas, and New
Mexico. 

- 10 - 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Our
operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business. The following summarizes significant risks
and uncertainties that may adversely affect our operations or financial position. Risks and uncertainties discussed below are not a comprehensive
listing of those faced by us. Additional risks not presently known or that are deemed immaterial may also affect us. Readers should carefully
consider the risk factors included below and other information included and incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Reserves 

The
Standardized Measure and PV-10 of estimated reserves may not be accurate estimates of the current fair value of estimated proved oil
and natural gas reserves. 

Standardized
Measure is a reporting convention that provides a common basis for comparing oil and natural gas companies subject to the rules and regulations
of the SEC. PV-10, a non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) financial measure, is a similar reporting convention that we
have disclosed in this report. Both measures require the use of operating and development costs prevailing as of the date of computation.
Consequently, they will not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be received for oil and natural gas production because
of varying market conditions, nor may they reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or develop the oil and natural gas
properties. Accordingly, estimates included in this report of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash
flows that are ultimately received. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor, which is required by the rules and regulations of the
SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, may not be the most appropriate discount factor
based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general. 

Therefore,
Standardized Measure and PV-10 included in this report should not be construed as accurate estimates of the current market value of our
proved reserves. 

Estimates
of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not precise. The actual quantities of our proved reserves and future net cash flows
may prove to be lower than estimated. 

Numerous
uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net cash flows therefrom. Estimates of proved reserves and
related future net cash flows are based on various assumptions, which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. Petroleum engineering is
a subjective process of estimating accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically
recoverable oil and natural gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including
the following: 

historical
 production from the area compared with production from other producing areas; 

the
 assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies; 

the
 quality, quantity and interpretation of available relevant data; 

assumptions
 concerning future commodity prices; and 

assumptions
 concerning future operating costs, severance and ad valorem taxes, development costs and
 workover and remedial costs. 

Because
all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the following items, or other items not identified below, may differ materially
from those assumed in estimating reserves: 

the
 quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered; 

the
 production and operating costs incurred; 

the
 amount and timing of future development expenditures; and 

future
 commodity prices. 

Furthermore,
different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same data. Our actual production, revenues
and expenditures with respect to reserves will likely be different from estimates and the differences may be material. 

- 11 - 

As
required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on the average previous twelve months
first-of-month prices preceding the date of the estimate and costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs
may be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected by factors such as: 

the
 amount and timing of actual production; 

levels
 of future capital spending; 

increases
 or decreases in the supply of or demand for oil and natural gas; and 

changes
 in governmental regulations or taxation. 

Accordingly,
estimates included in this report of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash flows that are ultimately
received. Therefore, the estimates of discounted future net cash flows in this report should not be construed as accurate estimates of
the current market value of our proved reserves. 

Unless
reserves are replaced, production and estimated reserves will decline, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of
operations and/or cash flows. 

Producing
oil and natural gas reservoirs are generally characterized by declining production rates that may vary depending upon reservoir characteristics
and other factors. Estimates of the decline rate of an oil or natural gas well are inherently imprecise and may be less precise with
respect to new or emerging oil and natural gas formations with limited production histories than for more developed formations with established
production histories. Estimated future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, cash flows and results of operations
are highly dependent upon our success in efficiently developing and exploiting current properties and economically finding or acquiring
additional recoverable reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire additional reserves to replace our current and future
production at acceptable costs. If we are unable to replace our current and future production, cash flows and the value of reserves may
decrease, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Financing 

We
have indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Higher levels of indebtedness make us more vulnerable to economic downturns
and adverse business developments. 

Our
total indebtedness at December 31, 2022 was 7.2 million. Our subsidiaries Empire Louisiana and Empire North Dakota had approximately
 5.9 million of outstanding aggregate principal indebtedness at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, commitments from the financial
institution under our Senior Revolving Credit Facility (as amended, the Credit Facility were approximately 6.1 million,
of which approximately 300,000 was unused commitments. Management continues to review existing indebtedness, and may seek to repay,
refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate existing indebtedness. If we do seek to refinance existing indebtedness,
there can be no guarantee that we would be able to execute the refinancing on favorable terms or at all. 

As
a result of indebtedness, we use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest, which reduces the amount available to fund operations and
other business activities and could limit flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in the business and the industry in which
we operate. Indebtedness under the Credit Facility is at a variable interest rate, and so a rise in interest rates will generate greater
interest expense. 

We
may incur substantially more debt in the future. The Credit Facility contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness. 

Increases
in the level of indebtedness could have adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations, including: 

imposing
 additional cash requirements on us in order to support interest payments, which reduces the
 amount we have available to fund our operations and other business activities; 

increasing
 the risk that we may default on our debt obligations; 

increasing
 our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, economic
 downturns and adverse developments in our business; 

limiting
 our ability to sell assets, engage in strategic transactions or obtain additional financing
 for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes; 

limiting
 our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the industry in
 which we operate; and 

increasing
 our exposure to a rise in interest rates, which will generate greater interest expense. 

- 12 - 

Our
ability to meet our debt obligations and reduce our level of indebtedness depends on future performance, which is affected by general
economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are outside of the scope of management s control. 

Our
business requires substantial capital expenditures. Management may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms
or at all, which could lead to a decline in oil and natural gas reserves. 

The
oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. Management makes and expects to continue to make substantial capital expenditures
for the acquisition and development of reserves. We intend to finance future capital expenditures through cash flow from operations or
incurring additional indebtedness. However, cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: 

the
 volume of oil, natural gas, and NGLs we are able to produce from existing wells; 

ability
 to transport oil and natural gas to market; 

the
 prices at which commodities are sold; 

the
 costs of producing oil and natural gas; 

global
 and domestic demand for oil and natural gas; 

global
 credit and securities markets; 

the
 ability and willingness of lenders and investors to provide capital and the cost of the capital; 

ability
 to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; 

the
 impact of potential changes in our credit ratings; and 

proved
 reserves. 

We
may not generate expected cash flows and obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current or anticipated levels. A decline
in cash flow from operations or our financing needs may require management to revise our capital program or alter or increase capitalization
substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities. The issuance of additional equity securities could have a dilutive effect
on the value of our common stock. Additional borrowings under the Credit Facility or the issuance of additional debt securities will
require that a greater portion of cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal on debt, thereby reducing
our ability to use cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. Additional financing also may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all. In the event additional capital resources are unavailable, management may curtail activities or be forced
to sell some assets on an untimely or unfavorable basis. 

If
we are unable to comply with the covenants in our agreements governing our indebtedness, including the Credit Facility, there could be
a default under the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of payment of funds that we have borrowed. 

Our
ability to meet our debt obligations and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many of which management is unable to control. If our cash flow is not sufficient
to service our debt, we may be required to refinance debt, sell assets or sell additional equity on terms that we may not find
attractive if it may be done at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds
necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise
fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the agreements governing our
indebtedness, including the Credit Facility, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness.
In the event of such default: 

the
 holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to
 be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest; 

the
 lenders could elect to terminate their commitments thereunder and cease making further loans;
 and 

we
 could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

If
our operating performance declines, we may need to obtain waivers under the Credit Facility to avoid being in default. If we breach our
covenants and cannot obtain a waiver from the required lender, we would be in default and the lender could exercise its rights, as described
above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

- 13 - 

A
negative shift in stakeholder sentiment towards the oil and natural gas industry and increased attention to ESG matters and conservation
matters could adversely affect our ability to raise equity and debt capital. 

Much
of the investor community has developed negative sentiment towards investing in our industry over the past few years. Recent equity returns
in the sector versus other industry sectors have led to lower oil and gas representation in certain key equity market indices. Some investors,
including certain public and private fund management firms, pension funds, university endowments and family foundations, have stated
policies to reduce or eliminate their investments in the oil and natural gas sector based on environmental, social and governance considerations.
Certain other stakeholders have pressured private equity firms and commercial and investment banks to stop funding oil and gas projects.
Such developments have resulted and could continue to result in downward pressure on the stock prices of oil and natural gas companies,
including ours. This may also result in a reduction of available capital funding for potential development projects, further impacting
our future financial results. 

Increasing
attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding
voluntary ESG disclosures, and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our
products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets.
Increasing attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in demand shifts for oil and natural gas
products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against us or our operators. To the extent that societal pressures
or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to our causation of or
contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 

Moreover,
while we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary
disclosures are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or
events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily
uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established
single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. 

In
addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes
for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Currently, there are no universal standards for such scores or ratings, but
the importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and stockholders. Such ratings are used by
some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding
away from companies with energy-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to
the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our access to and costs of capital. Also, institutional
lenders may decide not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies based on climate change related concerns, which could affect
our access to capital for potential growth projects. 

General
Operations 

The
oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive, and our size may put us at a disadvantage in competing for resources. 

The
oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive where our properties and operations are concentrated. We compete with major
integrated and larger independent oil and natural gas companies in seeking to acquire desirable oil and natural gas properties and
leases and for the equipment and services required to develop and operate properties. Many of our competitors have financial
and other resources that are substantially greater than ours, which makes acquisitions of acreage or producing properties at
economic prices difficult. Significant competition also exists in attracting and retaining technical personnel, including
geologists, geophysicists, engineers, landmen and other specialists, as well as financial and administrative personnel. Hence, we
may be at a competitive disadvantage to companies with larger financial resources than ours. 

A
substantial or extended decline in oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations
and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments. 

The
price we receive for our oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue, profitability, access to capital and future rate
of growth. Oil and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively
minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile. These markets will likely continue
to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production, and the levels of our production, depend on numerous factors
beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

changes
 in global supply and demand for oil and natural gas, which could be negatively affected by
 concerns about public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 price and quantity of imports of foreign oil and natural gas; 

political
 conditions, including trade or other economic sanctions, armed conflict in Ukraine, the price
 cap on Russian oil and embargoes, in or affecting other oil-producing activity; 

the
 level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production activity; 

the
 level of global oil and natural gas inventories; 

weather
 conditions; 

technological
 advances affecting energy consumption; and 

the
 price and availability of alternative fuels. 

- 14 - 

Lower
oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis but also may reduce the amount of oil and natural gas
that we can produce economically. Lower prices also negatively impact the value of our proved reserves. Volatility in the price of oil
could force us (as well as other operators) to re-evaluate our current capital expenditure budget and make changes accordingly that we
believe are in the best interest of us and our stockholders. A substantial or extended decline in oil or natural gas prices may materially
and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital
expenditures. 

Our
producing properties and proved reserves are concentrated in New Mexico, North Dakota, Montana, Texas, and Louisiana, making us vulnerable
to risks associated with operating in limited major geographic areas. 

Our
producing properties are geographically concentrated in New Mexico, North Dakota, Montana, Texas, and Louisiana. At December 31, 2022,
all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to properties located in these areas. As a result of this concentration,
we are exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in these areas caused
by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, market limitations, severe weather events, water shortages
or other drought related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of oil or natural gas. 

This
concentration of assets exposes us to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that could cause us to permanently
or temporarily shut-in all of our wells within a field. 

Our insurance
policies may not adequately protect us against certain unforeseen risks. 

In
accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described in this report.
There can be no assurance that any insurance will be adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. We cannot predict the continued availability
of insurance, or its availability at premium levels that justify its purchase. 

We
are subject to various environmental risks, and governmental regulation relating to environmental matters. 

We
are subject to a variety of federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal
of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous materials. These regulations subject us to increased operating costs and potential liability
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous materials. Although these laws and regulations have not had a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to make material expenditures
in the future. Moreover, we anticipate that such laws and regulations will become increasingly stringent in the future, which could
lead to material costs for environmental compliance and remediation by us. Any failure by us to obtain required permits for, control
the use of, or adequately restrict the discharge of hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject us to substantial
liability or could cause our operations to be suspended. Such liability or suspension of operations could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
activities are subject to extensive governmental regulation. Oil and natural gas operations are subject to various federal, state and
local governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in response to economic or political conditions. From time to time,
regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production in order to conserve supplies of oil and natural gas. In
addition, the production, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of oil and natural gas, by-products thereof and other substances
and materials produced or used in connection with oil and natural gas operations are subject to regulation under federal, state and local
laws and regulations primarily relating to protection of human health and the environment. To date, expenditures related to complying
with these laws and for remediation of existing environmental contamination have not been significant in relation to our operations.
There can be no assurance that the trend of more expansive and stricter environmental legislation and regulations will not continue. 

- 15 - 

As
a result of previous low prices for oil, natural gas and NGL, we may be required to take significant future write-downs of the financial
carrying values of our properties in the future. 

Accounting
rules require that we periodically review the carrying value of our proved and unproved properties for possible impairment. Based on
prevailing commodity prices and specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews, and the continuing
evaluation of development plans, production data, economics and other factors, we may be required to significantly write-down the financial
carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties, which constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings. We may incur impairment charges
in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are recorded. 

A
write-down could occur when oil and natural gas prices are low or if we have substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved
oil and natural gas reserves, or if operating costs or development costs increase over prior estimates. 

The
capitalized costs of our oil and natural gas properties, on a field-by-field basis, may exceed the estimated future net cash flows of
that field. If so, we would record impairment charges to reduce the capitalized costs of such field to our estimate of the field s
fair market value. Unproved properties are evaluated at the lower of cost or fair market value. These types of charges will reduce our
earnings and stockholders equity and could adversely affect our stock price. 

We
periodically assess our properties for impairment based on future estimates of proved and non-proved reserves, oil and natural gas prices,
production rates and operating, development and reclamation costs based on operating budget forecasts. Once incurred, an impairment charge
cannot be reversed at a later date even if price increases of oil and/or natural gas occur and in the event of increases in the quantity
of our estimated proved reserves. 

If
oil, natural gas and NGL prices fall below current levels for an extended period of time and all other factors remain equal, we may incur
impairment charges in the future. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which
they are recorded. 

Properties
we acquire may not produce as projected and we may be unable to determine reserve potential, identify liabilities associated with the
properties that we acquire or obtain protection from sellers against such liabilities. 

Acquiring
oil and natural gas properties requires us to assess reservoir and infrastructure characteristics, including recoverable reserves, development
and operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. Such assessments are inexact and inherently uncertain and include
properties with which we do not have a long operational history. In connection with the assessments, we perform a review of the subject
properties, but such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems. In the course of our due diligence, we may not inspect
every well or pipeline. We cannot necessarily observe structural and environmental problems, such as pipe corrosion, when an inspection
is made. We may not be able to obtain contractual indemnities from the seller for liabilities created prior to our purchase of a property.
We may be required to assume the risk of the physical condition of properties in addition to the risk that they may not perform in accordance
with our expectations. If properties we acquire do not produce as projected or have liabilities we were unable to identify, we could
experience a decline in our reserves and production, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Many
of our properties are in areas that may have been partially depleted or drained by offset wells and certain of our wells may be adversely
affected by actions we or other operators may take when drilling, completing, or operating wells that we or they own. 

Many
of our properties are in reservoirs that may have already been partially depleted or drained by earlier offset drilling. The owners of
leasehold interests adjoining any of our properties could take actions, such as drilling and completing additional wells, which could
adversely affect our operations. When a new well is completed and produced, the pressure differential in the vicinity of the well causes
the migration of reservoir fluids toward the new wellbore (and potentially away from existing wellbores). As a result, the drilling and
production of these potential locations by us or other operators could cause depletion of our proved reserves and may inhibit our ability
to further develop our proved reserves. In addition, completion operations and other activities conducted on adjacent or nearby wells
could cause production from our wells to be shut in for indefinite periods of time, could result in increased lease operating expenses
and could adversely affect the production and reserves from our wells after they re-commence production. We have no control over the
operations or activities of offsetting operators. 

- 16 - 

Acquisitions
involve a number of risks, including the risk that we will discover unanticipated liabilities or other problems associated with the acquired
business or property. 

In
assessing potential acquisitions, we consider information available in the public domain and information provided by the seller. In the
event publicly available data is limited, then, by necessity, we may rely to a large extent on information that may only be available
from the seller, particularly with respect to drilling and completion costs and practices, geological, geophysical and petrophysical
data, detailed production data on existing wells, and other technical and cost data not available in the public domain. Accordingly,
the review and evaluation of businesses or properties to be acquired may not uncover all existing or relevant data, obligations or actual
or contingent liabilities that could adversely impact any business or property to be acquired and, hence, could adversely affect us as
a result of the acquisition. These issues may be material and could include, among other things, unexpected environmental liabilities,
title defects, unpaid royalties, taxes or other liabilities. 

The
success of any acquisition that we complete will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to accurately assess the reserves
associated with the acquired properties, assumptions related to future oil and natural gas prices and operating costs, potential environmental
and other liabilities and other factors. These assessments are often inexact and subjective. As a result, we may not recover the purchase
price of a property from the sale of production from the property or recognize an acceptable return from such sales or operations. 

Our
ability to achieve the benefits that we expect from an acquisition will also depend on our ability to efficiently integrate the acquired
operations. Management may be required to dedicate significant time and effort to the integration process, which could divert its attention
from other business opportunities and concerns. The challenges involved in the integration process may include retaining key employees
and maintaining employee morale, addressing differences in business cultures, processes and systems and developing internal expertise
regarding acquired properties. 

Our
operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs,
limit the areas in which we may conduct oil, natural gas and NGL exploration and production activities, and reduce demand for the oil,
natural gas and NGL we produce. 

In
the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. However, following the U.S.
Supreme Court finding that GHG emissions constitute a pollutant under the Clean Air Act, the EPA has adopted regulations that, among
other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the
monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the United States, impose new
standards reducing methane emissions from oil and gas operations through limitations on venting and flaring and the implementation of
enhanced emission leak detection and repair requirements, and together with the United States Department of Transportation, implement
GHG emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the United States. The federal regulation of methane emissions from oil
and natural gas facilities has been subject to uncertainty in recent years and the EPA is currently proposing new and updated rules for
both new and existing sources. The EPA's proposed rules, if finalized would make existing regulations more stringent, expand the scope
of source types covered by the rules and require states to develop plans to reduce methane and volatile organic compound emissions from
existing sources that must be at least as effective as presumptive standards set by EPA. The EPA is currently seeking public comments
on its proposal. However, all of these regulatory actions will likely be subject to legal challenges. As a result, we cannot predict
the scope of any final methane regulatory requirements or the cost to comply with such requirements.
However, given the long-term trend toward increasing regulation, future federal GHG regulations of the oil and natural gas industry remain
a significant possibility. 

Governmental,
scientific, and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from GHG emissions has resulted in increasing political
risks in the United States, including climate change related pledges made by certain candidates elected to public office. President
Biden has issued several executive orders focused on addressing climate change, including items that may impact costs to produce, or
demand for, oil and gas. There are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel producers as shareholders currently invested in
fossil-fuel energy companies may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into other sectors. Institutional
lenders who provide financing to fossil-fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices and
some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. For example, at COP26, the Glasgow Financial
Alliance for Net Zero GFANZ announced that over 450 firms in the financial sector across 45 countries committed to net zero goals. The various sub-alliances of GFANZ generally require participants to
set short-term, sector-specific targets to transition their financing, investing, and/or underwriting activities to net zero
emissions by 2050. There is also a risk that financial institutions will be required to adopt policies that have the effect of
reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector. President Biden signed an executive order calling for the development of a
 climate finance plan and, separately, the Federal Reserve has joined the Network for Greening the Financial System NGFS ), a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector. In
November 2021, the Federal Reserve issued a statement in support of the efforts of the NGFS to identify key issues and potential
solutions for the climate-related challenges most relevant to central banks and supervisory authorities. Limitation of investments
in and financings for fossil fuel energy companies could result in the restriction, delay or cancellation of drilling programs or
development or production activities. 

- 17 - 

Additionally,
in March 2022, the SEC issued a proposed rule that would mandate extensive disclosure of climate risks, including financial impacts,
related governance and strategy and GHG emissions, for all U.S.-listed public companies. Although the final form and substance of this
rule and its requirements are not yet known and its ultimate impact on our business is uncertain, compliance with the proposed rule,
if finalized, may result in additional legal, accounting and financial compliance costs. 

The
adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal or state legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives
that impose more stringent standards for GHG emissions from the oil and natural gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this
sector may produce oil and natural gas or generate GHG emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming,
and thereby reduce demand for, oil and natural gas. Additionally, political, litigation and financial risks may result in us restricting
or cancelling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure
damages as a result of climatic changes, or having an impaired ability to continue to operate in an economic manner. One or more of these
developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
a final note, climate change could have an effect on the severity of weather (including hurricanes, droughts and floods), sea levels,
water availability and quality, and meteorological patterns. If such effects were to occur, our development and production operations
have the potential to be adversely affected. 

Potential
adverse effects could include damages to our facilities from powerful winds, extreme temperatures, or rising waters in low-lying areas,
disruption of our production activities either because of climate related damages to our facilities or in our costs of operation potentially
arising from such climatic effects, less efficient or non- routine operating practices necessitated by climate effects or increased costs
for insurance coverage in the aftermath of such effects. Significant physical effects of climate change could also have an indirect effect
on our financing and operations by disrupting the transportation or process-related services provided by midstream companies, service
companies or suppliers with whom we have a business relationship. Additionally, changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature,
may result in changes to the amount, timing, or location of demand for energy or the products we produce. We may not be able to recover
through insurance some or any of the damages, losses or costs that may result from potential physical effects of climate change. At this
time, we have not developed a comprehensive plan to address the legal, economic, social or physical impacts of climate change on our
operations. 

The
marketability of our production is dependent upon gathering systems, transportation facilities and processing facilities that we do not
own or control. If these facilities or systems are unavailable, our oil and natural gas production can be interrupted and our revenues
reduced. 

The
marketability of our oil and natural gas production is dependent upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural
gas gathering systems, transportation and processing facilities owned by third parties. In general, we will not control these
facilities, and our access to them may be limited or denied due to circumstances beyond our control. A significant disruption in the
availability of these facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market the hydrocarbons we produce and thereby
cause a significant interruption in our operations. In some cases, our ability to deliver to market our hydrocarbons is dependent
upon coordination among third parties that own transportation and processing facilities we use, and any inability or unwillingness
of those parties to coordinate efficiently could also interrupt our operations. The lack of availability or the lack of capacity on
these systems and facilities could result in the curtailment of production or the delay or discontinuance of drilling plans. These
are risks for which we generally will not maintain insurance. 

We
operate or participate in oil and natural gas leases with third parties who may not be able to fulfill their commitments to our projects. 

In
some cases, we operate but own less than 100 of the working interest in the oil and natural gas leases on which we conduct operations,
and other parties own the remaining portion of the working interest. Financial risks are inherent in any operation where the cost of
drilling, equipping, completing and operating wells is shared by more than one person. We could be held liable for joint activity obligations
of other working interest owners, such as nonpayment of costs and liabilities arising from the actions of other working interest owners.
In addition, declines in oil, natural gas and NGL prices may increase the likelihood that some of these working interest owners, particularly
those that are smaller and less established, are not able to fulfill their joint activity obligations. A partner may be unable or unwilling
to pay its share of project costs, and, in some cases, a partner may declare bankruptcy. In the event any of our project partners do
not pay their share of such costs, we would likely have to pay those costs, and we may be unsuccessful in any efforts to recover these
costs from our partners, which could materially adversely affect our financial position. 

- 18 - 

Because
we cannot control activities on properties we do not operate, we cannot directly control the timing of exploitation. If we are unable
to fund required capital expenditures with respect to non-operated properties, our interests in those properties may be reduced or forfeited. 

 Our
ability to exercise influence over operations and costs for the properties we do not operate is limited. Our dependence on the operators
and other working interest owners for these projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs could prevent
the realization of our targeted returns on capital with respect to acquisition, exploration and development activities. The success and
timing of development, exploitation and exploration activities on properties operated by others depend upon a number of factors that
may be outside our control, including but not limited to the timing and amount of capital expenditures; the operator s expertise
and financial resources; the approval of other participants in drilling wells; and the selection of technology. 

Where
we are not the majority owner or operator of a particular oil and natural gas project, we may have no control over the timing or amount
of capital expenditures associated with the project. If we are not willing or able to fund required capital expenditures relating to
a project when required by the majority owner(s) or operator, our interests in the project may be reduced or forfeited. Also, we could
be responsible for plugging and abandonment costs, as well as other liabilities in excess of our proportionate interest in the property. 

We
could be adversely affected by increased costs of service providers utilized by us. 

In
accordance with customary industry practice, we have relied and will rely on independent third-party service providers to provide most
of the services necessary to operate. The industry has experienced significant price fluctuations for these services during the last
year and this trend is expected to continue into the future. These cost uncertainties could, in the future, significantly increase
our production costs. 

Our
ability to use our existing net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes could be limited. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had approximately 18.6 million of federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards generated in prior
years that could offset against future taxable income. Utilization of any NOL depends on many factors, including our ability to generate
future taxable income, which cannot be assured. In the event that we were to undergo an ownership change (as defined in
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )), our federal NOL carryforwards generated prior
to the ownership change would be subject to annual limitations, which could defer or eliminate our ability to utilize these tax losses
against future taxable income. Generally, an ownership change occurs if one or more stockholders, each of whom owns 5 
or more in value of a corporation s stock, increase their aggregate percentage ownership by more than 50 over the lowest percentage
of stock owned by those stockholders at any time during the preceding three-year period. 

Legislation 

Climate
change legislation, regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG s) or legal or other action taken
by public or private entities related to climate change could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and
natural gas that we produce. 

The
threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and around the world. Numerous proposals have
been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit
existing emissions of GHGs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions. These efforts have included consideration of cap-and-trade
programs, carbon taxes, GHG disclosure obligations and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. Moreover,
President Biden highlighted addressing climate change as a priority of his administration, issued several executive orders related to
climate change and recommitted the United States to long-term international goals to reduce emissions. In recent years, Congress has
considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, including methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct
of the burning of natural gas. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable
energy initiatives and, for the first time, imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities, was signed into law in August 2022.
The emissions fee and funding provisions of the law could increase operating costs within the oil and natural gas industry and accelerate
the transition away from fossil fuels, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

At
the international level, the United Nations UN -sponsored Paris Agreement requires member states to submit
non-binding, individually-determined reduction goals known as Nationally Determined Contributions every five years after 2020. President
Biden has recommitted the United States to the Paris Agreement and, in April 2021, announced a goal of reducing the 

- 19 - 

United States' emissions
by 50 to 52 below 2005 levels by 2030. Additionally, at the UN Climate Change Conference of Parties COP26 ), held in November
2021, the United States and the European Union jointly announced the launch of a Global Methane Pledge, an initiative committing to a
collective goal of reducing global methane emissions by at least 30 from 2020 levels by 2030, including all feasible reductions 
in the energy sector. COP26 concluded with the finalization of the Glasgow Climate Pact, which stated long-term global goals (including
those in the Paris Agreement) to limit the increase in the global average temperature and emphasized reductions in GHG emissions. These
goals were reaffirmed at the November 2022 Conference of Parties COP27 ). At COP27, the United States also announced, in
conjunction with the European Union and other partner countries, that it would develop standards for monitoring and reporting methane
emissions to help create a market for low methane-intensity natural gas. Moreover, various state and local governments have also publicly
committed to furthering the goals of the Paris Agreement. The full impact of these actions, and any legislation or regulation promulgated
to fulfill the United States' commitments thereunder, is uncertain at this time, and it is unclear what additional initiatives may be
adopted or implemented that may have adverse effects upon our operations. 

The
adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could require us to incur increased operating costs, such
as costs to purchase and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or to comply with new regulatory or reporting
requirements. Any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, the
oil and natural gas we produce. Consequently, legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Reduced demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce could also
have the effect of lowering the value of our reserves. It should also be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations
of GHGs in the earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency
and severity of storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events. If any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there have also been efforts in recent years to influence the
investment community, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds promoting divestment of
fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Such environmental
activism and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution could interfere with our business activities, operations
and ability to access capital. Finally, increasing attention to the risks of climate change has resulted in an increased possibility
of lawsuits or investigations brought by public and private entities against oil and natural gas companies in connection with their GHG
emissions. Should we be targeted by any such litigation or investigations, we may incur liability, which, to the extent that societal
pressures or political or other factors are involved, could be imposed without regard to the causation of or contribution to the asserted
damage, or to other mitigating factors. The ultimate impact of GHG emissions-related agreements, legislation and measures on our company s
financial performance is highly uncertain because we are unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude of individual jurisdictions,
the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. 

Any
change to government regulation or administrative practices may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and our profitability. 

Oil
and natural gas operations are subject to substantial regulation under federal, state and local laws relating to the exploration for,
and the development, upgrading, marketing, pricing, taxation, and transportation of, oil and natural gas and related products and other
associated matters. Amendments to current laws and regulations governing operations and activities of oil and natural gas exploration
and development operations could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that income tax
laws, royalty regulations and government programs related to our oil and natural gas properties and the oil and natural gas industry
generally will not be changed in a manner which may adversely affect our progress or cause delays. 

Permits,
leases, licenses, and approvals are required from a variety of regulatory authorities at various stages of exploration and development.
There can be no assurance that the various government permits, leases, licenses and approvals sought will be granted in respect of our
activities or, if granted, will not be cancelled or will be renewed upon expiration. There is no assurance that such permits, leases,
licenses, and approvals will not contain terms and provisions which may adversely affect our exploration and development activities. 

Other 

A
cyber incident could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

The
oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations including certain
exploration, development and production activities. We are dependent on digital technologies including information systems and related
infrastructure, to process and record financial and operating data, communicate with our employees, business partners, and stockholders,
analyze 3-D seismic and drilling information, estimate quantities of oil and natural gas reserves as well as other activities related
to our business. 

- 20 - 

As
dependence on digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks or unintentional events, have also increased.
A cyber-attack could include gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for the purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive
information, corrupting data, causing operational disruption, or result in denial-of-service on websites. 

Our
technologies, systems, networks, and those of our business partners may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches
that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information,
or other disruption of our business operations. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for
an extended period of time. In particular, our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats
and to increase security for our information, data, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs.
Costs for insurance may also increase as a result of security threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain,
if available at all. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches
from occurring. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify
or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. A cyber incident involving
our information systems and related infrastructure, or that of our business partners, could disrupt our business plans and negatively
impact our operations. 

The
loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We
depend greatly on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. The loss or unavailability
of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business, to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes, and therefore, do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, which could negatively affect us and holders of our common stock. 

Our
common stock trades on the NYSE American. The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Adverse events including changes in production volumes, worldwide demand and
prices for crude oil and natural gas, regulatory developments, and changes in any securities analysts estimates of our
financial performance could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. General market conditions, including the level
of, and fluctuations in, the trading prices of stocks generally could also have a similar negative impact. The stock markets
regularly experience price and volume volatility that affects many companies stock prices without regard to the operating
performance of those companies. Volatility of this type may affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Provisions
of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover, which could limit the price investors might be
willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of us or a merger in which
we are not the surviving company and may otherwise prevent or slow changes in our board of directors and management. In addition, because
we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, which provides certain restrictions on business combinations involving interested parties. These provisions
could discourage an acquisition of us or other change in control transactions and thereby negatively affect the price that investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 

Holders
of our outstanding Series A Voting Preferred Stock have effective control of our board of directors. 

We
have six shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock currently issued and outstanding. The Series A Voting Preferred Stock was issued 
 in connection with the strategic investment in us by Energy Evolution (Master
Fund), Ltd. (the Fund ). For so long as the Series A Voting Preferred Stock is outstanding, our board of directors will
consist of six directors. Three of the directors are designated as the Series A Directors and the three other directors (each, a common
director are elected by the holders of 

- 21 - 

common stock and/or any preferred
stock (other than the Series A Voting Preferred Stock) granted the right to vote on the common directors. Any Series A Director may be
removed with or without cause but only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock voting
separately and as a single class. The holders of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock have the exclusive right, voting separately and
as a single class, to vote on the election, removal and/or replacement of the Series A Directors. Holders of common stock or other preferred
stock have no right to vote on the Series A Directors. In addition, in the case of any tie vote or deadlock of the board of directors,
our current Chairman of the Board, a Series A Director, has the deciding, tiebreaking vote. Accordingly, the holder(s) of our Series
A Voting Preferred Stock have effective control of our board of directors for so long as the voting rights of the Series A Voting Preferred
Stock remain in effect. 

 Our
bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal
district court for the District of Delaware) will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between us and our stockholders. These
provisions could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial
forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

 Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and
exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or
(d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the court having personal jurisdiction
over the defendants. This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Delaware state law and is not intended
to apply to claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The choice
of forum provisions may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against
us or our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

 ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Information
regarding our properties is included in Item 1 above and in our consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we may be involved in litigation and claims arising from operations. As of December 31, 2022, and through
the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management does not believe the ultimate resolution of any such actions or potential
actions of which management is currently aware will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

- 22 - 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the symbol EP . 

Stockholders 

At
March 31, 2023, there were approximately 900 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain future earnings for use in our business and, therefore, do not
anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Future payment of dividends will depend upon, but not
be limited to, our financial condition, funds available for operations, the amount of anticipated capital and other expenditures, future
business prospects and any restrictions imposed by present or future financing arrangements. 

Issuer
Repurchase of Equity Securities 

No
private or open market repurchases of common stock were made by us during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

No
such sales that have not been previously reported on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED. 

- 23 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements,
which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and the information set
forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Our
primary business is the exploration and development of oil and gas interests. We have incurred significant losses from operations in
years prior to 2022, and there is no assurance that we will maintain profitability or obtain funds necessary to finance our future operations. 

We
seek to increase shareholder value by growing reserves, production, revenues, and cash flow from operating activities by executing our
mission to use highly-skilled personnel to thoughtfully and expertly spend capital to realize reserves on producing properties. 

Management
places emphasis on operating cash flow in managing our business, as operating cash flow considers the cash expenses incurred during the
period and excludes non-cash expenditures not related directly to our operations. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to obtain long-term growth in reserves and cash flow on a cost-effective basis. Management regularly evaluates potential
acquisitions of properties that would enhance current core areas of operation. 

2021
XTO Acquisition 

On
March 12, 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Empire New Mexico, entered into a purchase and sale agreement with XTO
Holdings, LLC (a subsidiary of ExxonMobil) to acquire, among other things, certain oil and natural gas properties in New Mexico. The
transaction closed in May 2021. For more information about the transaction, refer to Note 4 of our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table reflects our summary operating information. Because of normal production declines, increased or decreased drilling activity
and the effects of acquisitions, the historical information presented below should not be interpreted as indicative of future results. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 Variance 

Oil revenues 
 44,978,554 
 22,326,289 
 22,652,265 
 101 
 
 Natural gas revenues 
 4,534,370 
 2,288,481 
 2,245,889 
 98 
 
 NGL revenues 
 3,659,451 
 2,888,747 
 770,704 
 27 
 
 Total product revenues 
 53,172,375 
 27,503,517 

Lease operating expense 
 23,584,039 
 13,283,758 
 10,300,281 
 78 
 
 Production and ad valorem taxes 
 3,943,466 
 2,102,772 
 1,840,694 
 88 
 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 
 3,307,097 
 3,716,754 
 (409,657 
 -11 
 
 Impairment 
 936,620 
 
 936,620 
 NM 
 
 General and administrative expense (excluding stock-based compensation) 
 9,614,948 
 7,366,061 
 2,248,887 
 31 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 2,716,541 
 1,095,970 
 1,620,571 
 148 
 
 Cash-based interest expense 
 473,205 
 436,053 
 37,152 
 9 
 
 Non-cash interest expense 
 36,335 
 8,164,646 
 (8,128,311 
 -100 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 8,784,163 
 (473,370 
 9,257,533 
 -1956 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 7,084,130 
 (18,614,962 
 25,699,092 
 NM 

NM:
A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to change in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change greater than 200. 

- 24 - 

Revenues 

Revenues
increased primarily as a result of higher volumes due to a full year impact of the XTO acquisition as well as higher commodity prices
in 2022. Average realized oil price in 2022 was approximately 93 per barrel, while average realized price in 2021 was approximately
 67, an increase in price of approximately 39 . Realized natural gas price for 2022 was approximately 5.18 per Mcf, while realized pricing
for 2021 was approximately 3.68 per Mcf, an increase in price of approximately 41 . Net oil volumes were approximately 483,000 Bbls
for 2022, an increase of 45 over the same period in the prior year. Net natural gas volumes were approximately 876,000 Mcf for 2022
as compared to approximately 622,000 for 2021, an increase of approximately 41 . NGL revenues are primarily from our New Mexico properties
acquired from XTO. 

Lease
Operating Expense and Production Taxes 

Lease
operating expense was higher in 2022 primarily as a result of a full year of operations in New Mexico after the May 2021 XTO acquisition.
Lease operating expenses for New Mexico were approximately 5.1 million more in 2022 than for 2021. Production and ad valorem taxes have
increased as a direct result of the XTO acquisition s properties and increased volumes produced and sold, paired with higher realized
prices. In addition to recompletions and sidetrack well drilling activity in North Dakota, we also undertook workover and other lease
operating activities in 2022; North Dakota s lease operating expenses increased by approximately 3.3 million period-over-period
as a result of increased field activity. 

Depreciation,
Depletion, Amortization and Accretion and Impairment 

DD A
decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 despite an increase in production volumes. The decrease in the expense is primarily related to
New Mexico depletion rate due to the impact of a higher reserve base in 2022. Accretion expense was slightly higher in 2022 as the overall
obligation increases over time. 

We assess our oil and gas properties for
impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value may be greater than its estimated future net cash flows. In 2022, estimated
future cash flows from our properties in Louisiana were less than the net book value. As a result, we recorded a 936,000 impairment
expense. 

General
and Administrative Expense 

Board
compensation expense, exclusive of stock-based compensation, was approximately 388,000 in 2022 as compared to 209,000 in 2021. Overall
personnel expense increased approximately 500,000 in 2022 over 2021. In 2022, we recognized expenses totaling approximately
 1,269,000 in conjunction with resolution of a Texas sales tax audit for prior periods for which the initial assessment was received
in April 2022. This total includes consulting fees and an accrual for 528,000 for the final settlement which will be paid in early
2023. Fees paid for professional services including outsourced services and legal increased over 2021 by approximately 500,000 as a
direct result of acquisition-related work, SEC filings related to our operations, and our successful uplisting from the OTCQB to the
NYSE American. Included in general and administrative expenses for 2021 is 989,000 for expense associated with a non-cash right to
buy shares in conjunction with the conversion of unsecured notes payable in 2021 as discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

We
utilize stock-based compensation to compensate members of management and retain talented personnel. Our stock-based compensation increased
in 2022 due to a higher number of awards in 2022. We anticipate stock-based compensation to continue to be utilized in 2023 and beyond
to attract and retain talented personnel and compensate Board members and consultants. 

Interest
Expense 

Cash-based
interest expense increased slightly as a decrease due to a lower outstanding balance under our Credit Facility was offset by the impact
of higher interest rates. We have minimal interest-bearing vehicle and equipment notes payable. 

Non-cash
interest expense is fully attributable to the related party notes payable as described in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report. In 2021, a non-cash charge was recorded to interest expense of approximately 7.0 million related to interest
and amortization of debt issuance costs for convertible notes issued in 2021 that were fully converted prior to December 31, 2021. 

- 25 - 

Income
taxes 

For
2022, we had income before income taxes which would result in a tax provision that was offset by a change in the valuation allowance
due to the anticipated use of the NOL carryforward. For periods prior to 2022, our effective tax rate is 0 . Due to having current
taxable income which cannot be fully offset by NOLs, the tax rate is 3 in 2022. We have generated net operating losses since
inception, which would normally reflect a tax benefit in the consolidated statement of operations and a deferred asset on the
consolidated balance sheet. However, because of the current uncertainty as to our ability to achieve sustained profitability and the
potential limitation of NOL carryforwards, a valuation reserve has been established that offsets the amount of any tax benefit
available for each period presented in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Liquidity

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 12 million cash on hand and approximately 300,000 available on the Credit Facility. 
For additional information regarding the Credit Facility, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
We expect to incur costs related to limited drilling activities in core areas as well as future oil and natural gas acquisitions. 
It is expected that management will use a combination of cash on hand and cash flows from operations as well as seeking additional debt
or equity funding for these acquisitions and to fund ongoing operations. 

Working
Capital 

Working
capital (presented below) was 5.1 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1.1 million as of December 31, 2021, representing a change
of approximately 4.0 million. This change is primarily a result of the acquisition of producing properties in New Mexico, which served
to increase volumes sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as the stronger pricing environment in 2022. 

As of
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 22,734,973 
 13,118,020 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 17,620,660 
 12,054,487 
 
 Working Capital 
 5,114,313 
 1,063,533 

Cash
Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

Cash flows provided by (used in): 
 2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Operating activities 
 18,055,783 
 3,170,282 
 14,885,501 
 
 Investing activities 
 (11,413,487 
 (24,716,878 
 13,303,391 
 
 Financing activities 
 1,690,275 
 25,000,772 
 (23,310,497 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Ongoing
operations from core assets contributed to cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2021,
we incurred approximately 18.0 million in non-cash expenses related to the convertible notes payable (See Related Party Transactions
for more information) that contributed to a net loss for financial reporting purposes. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash
flows from investing activities in 2022 reflect 2.7 million related to acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties as compared to
 19.5 million in 2021 which primarily related to the XTO acquisition that occurred in May 2021. In 2022, we began recompletions and other
capitalizable efforts in multiple states as we sought to bring production online from existing wells and bring on new production from
sidetrack drilling in North Dakota which led to an increase in additions to oil and natural gas properties in 2022. We also participated
in the drilling of four non-operated wells through Empire Rockies Region in 2022 spending approximately 600,000. In 2021, we had a cash
outflow of approximately 2.5 million related to four other non-operated drilled wells. As part of the XTO acquisition, we entered into
an agreement to create a sinking fund for future plugging liabilities, paying approximately 4.8 million into that fund in 2021. In 2022,
we were able to negotiate for the release of the sinking fund requirement. Approximately 2 million of the sinking fund balance was returned
to us in 2022. 

- 26 - 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

In
2022, we received approximately 3.4 million in cash from warrant exercises. We also made approximately 1.2 million of principal payments
in 2022 on our Credit Facility. In 2021, the XTO acquisition and operations executing our mission were funded by proceeds from debt issued
of approximately 20.5 million as well as proceeds from stock and warrant issuances of approximately 11.3 million. We have quarterly
payment obligations related to our bank debt of 300,000 per quarter (increased to 500,000 per quarter in 2023) in addition to minimal
monthly payments for notes payable arising from the purchase of vehicles and equipment. 

Capital
Resources 

Capital
Expenditures 

For
2022, additions to oil and natural gas properties totaled 14.6 million including 2.7 million related to acquisitions. The 11.9 million
not related to acquisitions primarily reflects well enhancement projects in North Dakota and non-operated drilling. We anticipate capital expenditures in 2023 that will be funded with cash on hand, cash flows from operations, debt, and/or equity issuances. 

Related Party
Transactions 

The
2021 issuance of a secured convertible note and an unsecured convertible note to Energy Evolution, a related party, as well as the conversion
of these notes in 2021 are described further in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. These transactions
were related party transactions for accounting purposes. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting
Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. Because estimates and assumptions require significant judgment, future actual results could differ
from those estimates and could have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We re-evaluate
our estimates and assumptions at least on a quarterly basis. In our management s opinion, the more significant reporting areas
impacted by management s judgments and estimates are as follows: 

Successful
Efforts Method of Accounting for Oil and Natural Gas Activities 

We
use the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and natural gas operations. Under this method, costs to acquire oil and natural
gas properties, drill successful exploratory wells, drill and equip development wells, and install production facilities are capitalized.
Estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves, management s outlook on commodity prices and projected future cash flows of oil
and natural gas reserves are a significant part of our financial calculations. Following are examples of how these estimates affect financial
results: 

an
 increase (decrease) in estimated proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves can reduce (increase)
 our unit-of-production depletion and amortization rates; and 

changes
 in the oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and the projected future cash flows from our properties
 can impact our periodic impairment analyses. 

Proved
oil and natural gas reserves are the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs which geological and engineering data demonstrate
with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future periods from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions.
Reserve quantities and future cash flows included in this report are prepared in accordance with guidelines established by the SEC and
the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). The accuracy of reserve estimates is a function of: 

The
 quality and quantity of available data; 

The
 interpretation of that data; 

The
 accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions; and 

The
 judgments of the persons preparing the estimates. 

- 27 - 

Proved
reserves information included in this report is based on estimates prepared by independent petroleum engineers, Cawley Gillespie Associates.
The independent petroleum engineers evaluated 100 of our estimated proved producing reserve quantities and their related future net
cash flows as of December 31, 2022. Estimates prepared by others may be higher or lower than these estimates. Because these estimates
depend on many assumptions, all of which may differ substantially from actual results, reserve estimates may be different from the quantities
of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. Management may make revisions to reserve estimates throughout the year as additional
information becomes available. Such changes could trigger an impairment of our oil and natural gas properties and have an impact on our
depletion expense prospectively. For example, a change of 10 percent in our total proved reserves could change our annual depletion and
amortization expense by 200,000. The actual impact would depend on the specific areas impacted. 

Impairment
of Oil and Gas Properties 

We
assess our proved properties for impairment using estimates of future undiscounted cash flows. This assessment requires significant judgment
and assumptions including commodity price outlooks, estimates of reserve quantities, expected lease operating costs and capital costs.
An impairment expense could result if oil and gas prices decline in the future as it may not be economic to develop some of these unproved
properties. We performed an assessment as of December 31, 2022 and identified one area that was impaired and recorded an impairment in
2022 of 936,000. 

Asset
Retirement Obligation 

Asset
retirement obligations AROs consist primarily of estimated future costs associated with the plugging and abandonment
of oil and natural gas wells, removal of equipment and facilities from leased acreage, and land restoration in accordance with applicable
local, state and federal laws. The discounted fair value of an ARO liability is required to be recognized in the period in which it is
incurred, with the associated asset retirement cost capitalized as part of the carrying cost of the oil and natural gas asset. The recognition
of an ARO requires that management make numerous assumptions regarding such factors as the estimated probabilities, amounts and timing
of settlements; the credit-adjusted risk-free rate to be used; inflation rates; and future advances in technology. In periods subsequent
to the initial measurement of the ARO, we must recognize period-to-period changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time
and revisions to either the timing or the amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize stock-based compensation expense associated with restricted stock units, which consists of time-based awards and options. We
account for forfeitures of equity-based incentive awards as they occur. Stock-based compensation expense related to time-based restricted
stock units is based on the price of our common stock on the grant date. Stock-based compensation related to options is the fair value
of the option recognized over the vesting period. The fair value of an option is determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation
with the following assumption inputs: dividend yield, expected annual volatility risk free interest rate and an expected life. 

Income
Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions 

Our
tax provision is based upon the tax laws and rates in effect in the applicable jurisdiction in which operations are conducted and income
is earned. As part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to estimate the income tax
provision. This process involves estimating the actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from
differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, amortization and certain accrued liabilities for tax and accounting purposes. 

Deferred
tax expense or benefit represents the change in the balance of deferred tax assets or liabilities. Valuation allowances are established
to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was recorded. 

Management
applies the accounting standards related to uncertainty in income taxes. This accounting guidance clarifies the accounting for uncertainties
in income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
consolidated financial statements. It requires that we recognize in the consolidated financial statements the financial effects of a
tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, including resolution of any appeals or litigation
processes, based upon the technical merits of the position. It also provides guidance on measurement, classification, interest, penalties
and disclosure. We have no uncertain tax positions at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

- 28 - 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
 ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
financial statements of the Company are set forth at the end of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and participation of the
Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, along with our management, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this
evaluation, the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are not effective due to a material weakness identified below. 

Management's
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) as set forth in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework. Based on our evaluation under that framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to a material weakness. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
possibility that a material misstatement in our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In the
prior year, a material weakness in internal control application was discovered related to the internal controls over financial reporting,
including disclosures around complex and non-routine transactions. Management believes the Company s lack of sufficient accounting
personnel with appropriate accounting expertise to appropriately apply GAAP for complex and non-routine transactions and prepare associated
financial statement disclosures amounts to a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. 

As
a result, at December 31, 2022 and on the date of this Report, its internal control over financial reporting is not effective. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weak ness 

Management
has evaluated the material weakness described above and is in the process of updating its design and implementation of internal
control over financial reporting to remediate the aforementioned material weakness and enhance the Company s internal control
environment which to date has included the hiring of a Chief Accounting Officer in October 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the
Chief Accounting Officer engaged an outside company to undertake an internal controls review. This review concluded in the third
quarter of 2022. Controls that would strengthen the Company s internal control structure that were identified during the
course of the review continue to be designed and will be implemented on an ongoing basis. In December 2022, we had a
change in the Chief Accounting 

- 29 - 

Officer
although the former Chief Accounting Officer has continued to assist the Company on a part-time basis. In addition to continuing to
enhance and refine control design, management plans to add the appropriate resources and focus efforts during 2023 to test the
operational effectiveness of the controls that will be established. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes
and will continue to diligently and vigorously review our financial reporting controls and procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

While
we continue to implement design enhancements to our internal control procedures, we believe that, other than the changes described above
regarding the ongoing remediation efforts, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting which were identified
in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act during
the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Attestation
Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report does not contain an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm related to internal control
over financial reporting because the rules for smaller reporting companies provide an exemption from the attestation requirement. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

- 30 - 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
information called for by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days following the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION. 

The information
called for by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120
days following the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information
called for by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120
days following the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information
called for by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120
days following the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The information
called for by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120
days following the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

- 31 - 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 (1) Financial
 Statements 

The
financial statements under this item are included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Schedules 

NONE 

(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between Pardus Oil Gas, LLC and Pardus Oil Gas Operating GP, LLC and Empire Texas LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated April 6, 2020, which was filed on April 10, 2020). 
 
 2.2 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of March 12, 2021, by and between Empire New Mexico LLC and XTO Holdings, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021, which was filed on May 17, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Empire Petroleum Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 4, 2022, which was filed on March 9, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Voting Preferred Stock of Empire Petroleum Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 4, 2022, which was filed on March 9, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Empire Petroleum Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 4, 2022, which was filed on March 9, 2022). 

4.1 
 Description of the Common Stock of Empire Petroleum Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 Senior Secured Convertible Note due December 31, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021, which was filed on May 20, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 Common Share Warrant Certificate No. Energy Evolution-1 dated May 14, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021, which was filed on May 20, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Note due May 9, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021, which was filed on May 20, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 Empire Petroleum Corporation 2019 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated April 3, 2019, which was filed on April 9, 2019). 
 
 10.2 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K dated April 3, 2019, which was filed on April 9, 2019). 
 
 10.3 
 Senior Revolver Loan Agreement dated as of September 20, 2018 by and between Empire Louisiana, LLC and CrossFirst Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated September 20, 2018 filed on September 25, 2018). 
 
 10.4 
 First
 Amendment to Senior Revolver Loan Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2019, by and between Empire
 Louisiana LLC, Empire North Dakota LLC and CrossFirst Bank (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 27, 2019, which was filed on
 April 2, 2019). 

- 32 - 

10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 6, 2020, by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and Petroleum Independent Exploration LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Common
 Share Warrant Certificate No. PIE-1 dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Common
 Share Warrant Certificate No. PIE-2 dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Common
 Share Warrant Certificate No. PIE-3 dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Common
 Share Warrant Certificate No. PIE-4 dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s
 Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Loan
 Agreement dated as of August 6, 2020, by and between Empire Texas LLC and Petroleum Independent Exploration LLC (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 6, 2020, which was filed on August 11, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Senior Revolver Loan Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and between Empire Louisiana LLC, Empire North Dakota
 LLC and CrossFirst Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated September 30, 2020,
 which was filed on October 6, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Senior Revolver Loan Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and between Empire Louisiana LLC, Empire North Dakota
 LLC and CrossFirst Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 10, 2021, which
 was filed on March 15, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Letter
 Agreement dated as of March 11, 2021 by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and Petroleum Independent Exploration LLC
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 10, 2021, which was filed on March
 15, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and investors
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 30,
 2021, which was filed on April 1, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Form
 of Common Share Warrant Certificate issued by Empire Petroleum Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Form 8-K dated March 30, 2021, which was filed on April 1, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Senior Revolver Loan Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2021, by and between Empire Louisiana LLC, Empire North Dakota LLC,
 and CrossFirst Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated July 30, 2021, which
 was filed on August 4, 2021). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of August 18, 2021, by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and Thomas W. Pritchard (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 18, 2021, which was filed on August 24, 2021). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of August 18, 2021, by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and Michael R. Morrisett (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 18, 2021, which was filed on August 24, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Loan
 Modification Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021, by and among Empire New Mexico LLC d/b/a Green Tree New Mexico, Empire Petroleum
 Corporation and Energy Evolution Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form
 8-K dated September 29, 2021, which was filed on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Pledge
 and Security Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021, made by Empire Petroleum Corporation in favor of Energy Evolution Master Fund,
 Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated September 29, 2021, which was filed
 on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Common
 Share Warrant Certificate dated as of September 30, 2021 issued by Empire Petroleum Corporation in favor of Energy Evolution Master
 Fund, Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated September 29, 2021, which was
 filed on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Empire
 Petroleum Corporation 2021 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Information
 Statement on Schedule 14C filed August 31, 2021). 

- 33 - 

10.23 
 
 Conversion
 Notice and Note Amendment dated as December 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form
 8-K dated December 30, 2021, which was filed on January 6, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form
 of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Form 10-K
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s
 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s
 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Empire Petroleum Corporation 2022 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on July 27, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of September 13, 2022, by and between Empire Petroleum Corporation and Eugene J. Sweeney (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company s Form 8-K dated September 13, 2022, which was filed on September 19, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Empire Petroleum Corporation (submitted herewith). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Grant Thornton LLP (submitted herewith). 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent
 of Moss Adams LLP (submitted herewith). 
 
 23.3 
 
 Consent
 of Cawley, Gillespie Associates, Inc. (submitted herewith). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Michael R. Morrisett, Chief Executive Officer (submitted herewith). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Michael R. Morrisett, Principal Financial Officer (submitted herewith). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Michael R. Morrisett, Chief Executive Officer (submitted herewith). 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Michael R. Morrisett, Principal Financial Officer (submitted herewith). 
 
 99.1 
 
 Cawley,
 Gillespie Associates, Inc. Summary Report (submitted herewith). 
 
 101 
 
 Financial Statements for
 Inline XBRL format (submitted herewith). 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document). 

Indicates
a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement identified under the requirements of Item 15 of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM
10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

- 34 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Empire
 Petroleum Corporation 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael
 R. Morrisett 

Name: 
 Michael R. Morrisett 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael R. Morrisett 
 
 Director, President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 MICHAEL
 R. MORRISETT 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
 Officer) 

/s/
 Stephen L Faulkner 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 STEPHEN L. FAULKNER 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Phil E.
 Mulacek 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 PHIL E. MULACEK 

/s/ Andrew Lewis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 ANDREW LEWIS 

/s/ Mason H.
 Matschke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 MASON H. MATSCHKE 

/s/ Benjamin
 J. Marchive II 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 BENJAMIN J. MARCHIVE II 

- 35 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 37 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Moss Adams LLP (PCAOB ID Number 
 38 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 39 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 40 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

- 36 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors
and Shareholders 

 Empire Petroleum
Corporation 

Opinion on
the financial statements 

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Empire Petroleum Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for
opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical audit
matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters . 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

 We have
served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

 Tulsa, Oklahoma 

 March 31,
2023 

- 37 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Empire
Petroleum Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Empire Petroleum Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

March
31, 2022 

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2021 to 2022. 

- 38 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Derivative Instruments 

Inventory - Oil in Tanks 

Prepaids 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment: 

Oil and Natural Gas Properties, Successful Efforts 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Impairment 

Total Oil and Gas Properties, Net 

Other Property and Equipment, Net 

Total Property and Equipment, Net 

Derivative Instruments - Long Term 

Sinking Fund 

Utility and Other Deposits 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Current Portion of Lease Liability 

Current Portion of Long-Term Debt 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Debt 

Long-Term Note Payable - Related Party (Note 5 and 9) 

Long Term Lease Liability 

Asset Retirement Obligations 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Series A Preferred Stock - Par Value, Shares Authorized, 
 and Shares Issued and Outstanding, Respectively 

Common Stock - Par Value Shares Authorized, 
 and Shares Issued and Outstanding, Respectively 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

- 39 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Oil Sales 

Gas Sales 

NGL Sales 

Total Product Revenues 

Other 

Gain (Loss) on Derivatives 

Total Revenue 

Costs and Expenses: 

Lease Operating Expense 

Production and Ad Valorem Taxes 

Depletion, Depreciation Amortization 

Accretion of Asset Retirement Obligation 

Impairment 

General and Administrative 

Total Cost and Expenses 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Other Income and (Expense): 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest Expense 

Convertible Debt Modification Inducement Expense 

Loss on Convertible Debt Redemption Option 

Loss on Embedded Conversion Option 

Income (Loss) before Taxes 

Income Tax Provision 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

- 40 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Net Loss 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Stock Options Exercised 

Warrants Exercised 

Issuance of Common Stock and Warrants 

Shares and Warrants Issued for Secured Convertible Note 

Warrants Issued with Unsecured Convertible Notes 

Right to Buy Issued with Secured Convertible Notes 

Unsecured Convertible Note Conversion 

Shares Issued for Secured Convertible Note Conversion, Including Payment of Accrued Interest 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Issuance of Preferred Stock 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Options and Warrants Exercised 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

- 41 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash 
Provided By Operating Activities: 

Stock Compensation and Issuances 

Amortization of Right of Use Assets 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 

Accretion of Asset Retirement Obligation 

Impairment 

Loss on Settlement of Asset Retirement Obligation 

Loss on XTO Final Settlement (See Note 4) 

PIE-Related Expense (See Note 5) 

Amortization of Loan Issue Costs 

Right to Buy Issuance Costs 

Loss on Embedded Conversion Option 

Amortization of Discount on Convertible Notes 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

Convertible Debt Modification Inducement Expense 

Stock Issued for Interest Expense Payment 

Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Plan Loan 

Change in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

Derivative Instruments 

Inventory, Oil in Tanks 

Prepaids, Current 

Other Long Term Assets and Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisition of Oil and Natural Gas Properties 

Additions to Oil and Natural Gas Properties 

Purchase of Other Fixed Assets 

Cash Paid for Right of Use Assets 

Sinking Fund Deposit 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Debt Issued 

Principal Payments of Debt 

Proceeds from Stock and Warrant Issuances 

Proceeds from Option and Warrant Exercise 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan Proceeds 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash - End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Paid for Interest 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Non-Cash Additions and Revisions
 to Asset Retirement Obligations 

Right-of-use assets purchased
 with lease liability 

Note Payable Activity - PIE
 Agreement (see Note 5) 

Purchases of Oil and Natural
 Gas Properties in Accounts Payable 

Property Additions in Notes
 Payable 

Common Stock Issued in Exchange
 for Outstanding Notes Payable 

Equipment Purchased Utilizing
 Note Payable 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

- 42 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of which related to prior periods. The impact of this adjustment was immaterial to the prior period
financial statements and thus corrected in the current period. 

Gas and NGL sales in 2021 reflect an immaterial
reclassification of approximately 
for gathering and processing costs previously reported within Lease Operating Expense in 2021 and did not impact operating loss or
cash flows from operations. This reclassification reflects the terms of the contracts that transferred to Empire as part of the XTO
acquisition related to certain gas purchase contracts and conforms to the 2022 presentation. 

Joint Interest Billings 

Receivable from Former CEO (See Note 18) 

Other 

Total Accounts Receivable 

For
the Company s product sales that have a contract term greater than one year, the Company has utilized the practical expedient in
ASC 606 which states the Company is not required to disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if
the variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. Under these contracts, each unit of
product generally represents a separate performance obligation; therefore, future volumes are wholly unsatisfied, and disclosure of the
transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations is not required. 

Prior-Period
Performance Obligations 

The
Company records revenue in the month that product is delivered to the purchaser. Settlement statements for certain natural gas and NGL
sales, however, may not be received for 30 to 90 days after the date the product is delivered, and as a result the Company is required
to estimate the amount of product delivered to the purchaser and the price that will be received for the sale of the product. In these
situations, the Company records the differences between its estimates and the actual amounts received for product sales in the month
that payment is received from the purchaser. Any identified differences between the Company s revenue estimates and actual revenue
received have historically been insignificant. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue recognized in the reporting period
related to performance obligations satisfied in prior reporting periods was not material. 

Impairment
of oil and natural gas properties - The fair value of proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties was measured using valuation
techniques that convert the future cash flows to a single discounted amount. Significant inputs to the valuation of proved and unproved
oil and natural gas properties include estimates of: (i) recoverable reserves; (ii) production rates; (iii) future operating and development
costs; (iv) future commodity prices; and (v) a market-based weighted average costs of capital. The Company utilized a combination of
the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX strip pricing and consensus pricing to value the reserves, then applied various
discount rates depending on the classification of reserves and other risk characteristics. For significant acquisitions, management utilized
the assistance of a third-party valuation expert to estimate the value of the oil and natural gas properties acquired. 

 The
fair value of asset retirement obligations is included in proved oil and natural gas properties with a corresponding liability. The fair
value was determined based on a discounted cash flow model, which included assumptions of the estimated current abandonment costs, discount
rate, inflation rate and timing associated with the incurrence of these costs. 

 The
inputs used to value oil and natural gas properties for impairments and asset retirement obligations require significant judgment and
estimates made by management and represent Level 3 inputs. 

 Financial
instruments and other- The fair values determined for accounts receivable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities were equivalent
to the carrying value due to their short-term nature. 

 Derivatives
 Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value and measured on a recurring basis. The Company s commodity
price hedges are valued based on discounted future cash flow models that are primarily based on published forward commodity price curves;
thus, these inputs are designated as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. 

 The
fair values of derivative instruments in asset positions include measures of counterparty nonperformance risk, and the fair values of
derivative instruments in liability positions include measures of the Company s nonperformance risk. These measurements were not
material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. This ASU, as further amended, affects trade receivables,
financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured through net income. This ASU will replace the currently required
incurred loss approach with an expected loss model for instruments measured at amortized cost and is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not
believe the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements since the Company does
not have a history of material credit losses. 

Unproved Properties 

Work in process 

Gross capitalized costs 

Depreciation, Depletion, Amortization and Impairment 

Total Oil and Gas Properties, Net 

The
Company assesses its oil and gas properties for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value may be greater than its
estimated future net cash flows. In 2022, estimated future cash flows from the Company s properties in Louisiana were less
than the net book value. As a result, the Company recorded a 936,000 impairment expense in 2022. 

In
April 2022, the Company purchased working interests of oil and natural gas properties primarily located in the Landa field in North Dakota
and assumed the role of operator. The Company paid approximately million for eight producing properties, two properties with behind-pipe
reserves, and related lease and well equipment. The Company allocated of the acquisition cost to leasehold costs and the remaining
 to related lease and well equipment. Non-cash asset retirement obligations were assumed of . The acquisition was accounted
for as an asset acquisition. The Company purchased additional oil and gas properties in 2022 totaling million . In May 2021 the Company
purchased oil and natural gas properties in New Mexico (see Note 4). 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Oher property and equipment, net 
 1,441,529 

performance bond for the benefit of the seller for proper plugging,
abandonment and restoration of the purchased properties. The performance bond is collateralized with a letter of credit in the
amount of . To effect the letter of credit, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with Bank of Oklahoma, NA
in the amount of which is due on demand with an interest rate established by the Bank, currently at . The Promissory
Note, and associated letter of credit, is collateralized with a bank certificate of deposit in a corresponding amount. In addition,
the Company is required to deposit per month, up to , into a sinking fund to be held by the surety. Subsequent
amendments increased the monthly payment amounts to in response to additional bonding requested by the State of New Mexico that
increased the letter of credit requirement to million . Payments on the sinking fund were made through April 2022 and no
additional collateral deposits were required as of June 2022. At the end of 2022, the collateral requirement was removed and the
Company received million back from the sinking fund. 

Inventory of oil in tanks 

Vehicles 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total assets acquired 

Fair Value of Liabilities Assumed 

Royalty suspense 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total liabilities assumed 

Purchase Price 

The
value of oil and gas properties was based on an allocation of the purchase price which included assignment of values to the other identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The value of inventory, vehicles, and royalty suspense was based on their relative fair values
as described above. 

The
fair value of asset retirement obligations is included in proved oil and natural gas properties with a corresponding liability in the
table above. The fair value was determined based on a discounted cash flow model, which included assumptions of the estimated current
abandonment costs, discount rate, inflation rate and timing associated with the incurrence of these costs. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a final settlement agreement with XTO. The provisions of this settlement allowed the Company
to substitute the performance bond and letter of credit that were put into place with the transaction for a new performance bond that
does not require the Company to have collateral invested in the performance bond. Due to the nature and timing of the settlement, the
result of the final settlement was a non-cash expense of approximately 1.4 million to Other Income (Expense) on the Consolidated Statements
of Operations in 2022. 

, at an interest rate of per annum, maturing unless terminated earlier by PIE.
Proceeds of the loan will be used for recompletion or workover of the Workover Wells. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximately
 and , respectively was outstanding on this loan and is included in Long Term Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. . To the extent the
cash flows from the revenue interest are insufficient to repay the obligations under the term loan, the Company remains required to repay
the obligation. In the third quarter of 2022, a million long-term asset that had previously
been recorded as an offset to the note payable was expensed to workovers within Lease Operating Expense on the Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

In
addition, . On March 11, 2021 the Company amended the Securities Agreement to remove the
vesting provisions for the warrants and PIE exercised all of its warrants for an aggregate exercise price of . 

- 49 - 

Liabilities assumed in acquisitions 

Revisions 

Liabilities settled 

Accretion expense 

Asset retirement obligation, end of period 

The revisions in 2022 primarily relate to the identification of nonproducing
wells, including injection wells and temporarily abandoned wells in New Mexico. 

Natural gas derivatives 

Total 

Floor Price (Bbl) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Long Term Note Payable Related Party 

Equipment and vehicle notes, to interest rates, due in 2025 to 2027 with monthly payments ranging from to per month 

Note Payable to Insurance Provider, bears interest, matures November 2022, monthly payments of principal and interest of 

Total Debt 

Less: Current Maturities 

Less: Long Term Note Payable Related Party 

Long-Term Debt 

On
July 7, 2021 the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment to its Senior Revolver Loan Agreement with CrossFirst Bank CrossFirst as further amended by Letter Agreements in conjunction with redetermination dates the Amended Agreement ). The maximum
amount that can be advanced under the Agreement is 20,000,000 and the existing commitment amount following a Letter
agreement is which is reduced by per calendar quarter beginning March 31, 2023 and includes interest at Wall Street
Journal as of December 31, 2022). The Amended Agreement matures on . Collateral for the
loan is a lien on all of the assets of Empire Louisiana and Empire North Dakota, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, and a first
priority mortgage lien, pledge of and security interest in not less than of Empire Louisiana s and Empire North Dakota s
producing oil, gas and other leasehold and mineral interests. The Amended Agreement requires the Company maintain commodity derivatives
at certain thresholds based on projected production and, beginning March 31, 2021, to maintain certain covenants including an . The current maturities of the
Amended Agreement is . The Company was in compliance with the loan covenants at December 31, 2022. 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company received an SBA Payroll Protection Plan PPP loan for . The loan was scheduled to mature
on May 5, 2022, and had an interest rate of . .
Forgiveness is included in Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company received a Second Draw SBA PPP loan for . The loan was scheduled to mature on , and
bore interest at 1 . In October 2021 the Company was informed that the SBA had forgiven the entire loan balance. Forgiveness is included
in Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Long
Term Note Payable - Related Party 

In
August 2020, concurrent with the Joint Development Agreement with Petroleum and Independent Exploration, LLC PIE ), a related
party, the Company entered into a term loan agreement dated August 1, 2020, whereby PIE will loan up to , at an interest rate
of per annum, maturing , unless terminated earlier by PIE. The loan proceeds will be used for recompletion or workover
of certain designated wells. . 

- 51 - 

with Energy Evolution Master Fund, Ltd., a related party Energy
Evolution (See Note 11). The Secured Note is collateralized by all assets of Empire New Mexico, matures on 
and bears an interest rate of . The conversion
terms of the Secured Note were subject to further adjustments as defined in that agreement. The embedded conversion option has been bifurcated
and accounted for separately as a derivative financial instrument. The separated derivative was initially recorded at fair value at the
inception date and revalued as of September 30, 2021 resulting in a fair value of and , respectively. On September
30, 2021, the existing bifurcated derivative liability was removed in connection with the Amended Secured Note as further discussed. 

As
partial consideration for the issuance of the Secured Note, Energy Evolution received a closing fee of shares of the Company s
common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock for per share which expire on May 14, 2022. The Company determined
these were equity-classified financing instruments and the proceeds are allocated on a relative fair value basis between the debt, warrants,
and common shares at issuance. At issuance, the discount associated with the Secured Note was ; consisting of relating
to the embedded derivative liability, and in common stock and paid in capital, respectively, relating to the issuance
of shares of the Company s common stock, and in paid in capital relating to the issuance of warrants to purchase common
stock. The fair value of the warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes model. The warrants were exercised in 2021 and the Company
received cash proceeds of . The discount associated with the Secured Note related to the embedded conversion liability and
the issuance of the equity-classified financing instruments is amortized under the interest method and resulted in interest expense.
Prior to amending the Secured Note in September 2021, the Company made principal payments totaling 4,050,000. 

On
September 29, 2021 the parties entered into a Loan Modification Agreement (the Amended Secured Note pursuant to which
Energy Evolution exchanged in principal under the Secured Note in exchange for shares of common stock, warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share and amended certain terms of the remaining 
of principal under the Secured Note. As amended, the remaining principal balance matures and becomes due on June 30, 2023 and upon maturity
of the Amended Secured Note, Energy Evolution has the sole discretion to require cash settlement or to redeem the principal balance,
together with accrued interest, in exchange for the Company s common stock at per share. 

Pursuant
to the Amended Secured Note, the Company s obligations with respect to a registration statement under the Secured Note were extended,
the Company executed and delivered a Pledge and Security Agreement granting Energy Evolution a first priority perfected security interest
in the Company s membership interest in Empire New Mexico, d/b/a Green Tree New Mexico, the Company and Green Tree New Mexico agreed
to use commercial reasonable best efforts to separate Green Tree New Mexico from the Company as an independent business on or before
December 31, 2022 in a spin-off to stockholders of the Company. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company accounted for this exchange
as an induced conversion based on the short period time of the offer was open and the substantive conversion feature offer. The Company
accounted for the conversion of the debt instruments as an inducement by expensing the fair value of the instruments that were issued
in excess of the original terms of the Secured Notes. The Company reduced the outstanding debt by , representing the face amount
of the Secured Notes converted of , net of unamortized discount costs of , and the embedded conversion liability
of . The Company recorded induced conversion expense of representing the difference in fair value of the instruments
exchanged, including the fair value of the warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share. The embedded conversion
option of the principal balance outstanding after the conversion and amendment, has been bifurcated and accounted for separately as a
derivative financial instrument. The separated derivative was initially recorded at fair value of , with the amount recorded
as a discount against the surviving Amended Secured Note balance and the derivative liability will be revalued on a quarterly basis.
On September 30, 2021, shares of common stock were issued as payment for the outstanding accrued interest on the Secured Note. 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company amended the Amended Secured Note to allow full conversion of the remaining principal and accrued interest
at that date. of outstanding principal and of accrued interest were converted into shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of this conversion, the mortgage that Energy Evolution held on the Company s New Mexico assets was released. 

Unsecured
Convertible Notes 

In
May 2021 the Empire New Mexico entered into of Unsecured Convertible Notes (the Unsecured Notes with a group
of accredited investors, including the Company s related party Energy Evolution, constituting 1,500,000 of the total Unsecured
Convertible Notes. The Unsecured Notes had a maturity of , with a single payment and interest at . In September 2021, of the notes were repaid and the remaining Unsecured Notes were fully converted
to Common Stock. 

 The
Company determined the embedded conversion features of the Unsecured Notes were equity-classified financing instruments. The fair value
of the conversion feature was determined using a beneficial conversion model based on a 60-day weighted average stock price and the maximum
number of shares to be received if converted. As issuance, the amount recorded to additional paid in capital was . The discount
associated with these transactions is amortized under the interest method and resulted in interest expense approximately for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 As
an inducement for investors to enter into the Unsecured Convertible Notes, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President
collectively offered to each investor the right to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to of such investor s
principal balance under its Unsecured Convertible Note at per share (the right to buy ). Energy Evolution exercised
its right to buy shares of the Company s common stock. In conjunction with the conversion of the Unsecured Notes, each
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President partially exercised a warrant and options to purchase shares at
an exercise price of and respectively. The Company determined that offering the right to buy shares resulted
in an expense of of the Company based on the fair value of contributions made by the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and President on its behalf. The fair value of the right to buy shares was determined using a Black-Scholes model. The
expense is included in General and Administrative in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash paid for right of use lease was approximately
 2 for the same period. 

Current portion of lease liability 

Long-term lease liability 

Total right of use lease liabilities 

The weighted
average remaining term for the Company s right of use leases is 3.04 years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less
 imputed interest 

Total
 lease obligation 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

 Preferred
Stock 

 Preferred
stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series at the direction of the Board of Directors and the directors also have the
ability to fix dividend rates and rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption and
other rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as determined by the Board of Directors, subject to certain limitations set forth
in the Charter. 

 Series
A Voting Preferred Stock 

 On
March 8, 2022, the Company formalized the issuance of preferred stock as was required under the terms of the Company's May 2021 financing
agreements with Energy Evolution (Master Fund), Ltd. (the Fund and issued six shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock.
 The Series A Voting Preferred Stock was issued in connection with the strategic investment in the
Company by the Fund. For so long as the Series A Voting Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company s Board of Directors will consist
of six directors. Three of the directors are designated as the Series A Directors and the three other directors (each, a common
director are elected by the holders of common stock and/or any preferred stock (other than the Series A Voting Preferred Stock)
granted the right to vote on the common directors. Any Series A Director may be removed with or without cause but only by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock voting separately and as a single class. The holders of the
Series A Voting Preferred Stock have the exclusive right, voting separately and as a single class, to vote on the election, removal and/or
replacement of the Series A Directors. Holders of common stock or other preferred stock do not have the right to vote on the Series A
Directors. The approval of the holders of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock, voting separately and as a single class, is required to
authorize any resolution or other action to issue or modify the number, voting rights or any other rights, privileges, benefits, or characteristics
of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock, including without limitation, any action to modify the number, structure and/or composition of
the Company s current Board of Directors. 

 The
Series A Voting Preferred Stock is held by Phil Mulacek, chairman of the Board of Directors and one of the principals of the Fund, as
the Fund s designee (the Initial Holder ). The Series A Voting Preferred Stock may be transferred only to certain
controlled affiliates of the Initial Holder Permitted Transferees ), and 

 The
Series A Voting Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive any dividends or distributions of cash or other property except in the event
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s affairs. In such event, before any amount is paid to the holders
of the Company s common stock but after any amount is paid to the holders of the Company s senior securities, the holders
of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount per share equal to 1.00. 

Except
as discussed above or as otherwise set forth in the certificate of designation of the Series A Voting Preferred Stock, the holders of
the Series A Voting Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 

The
Series A Voting Preferred Stock is not redeemable at the Company s election or the election of any holder, except the Company may
elect to redeem the 

any
 or all shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock are held by anyone other than the Initial
 Holder or a Permitted Transferee; or 

the
 Series A Holders together hold less than shares of the Company s outstanding
 common stock. 

The
Series A Voting Preferred Stock is not convertible into common stock or any other security. 

Common
Stock 

 On
August 27, 2021 the Company s Board of Directors approved a one-for-four reverse stock split such that every holder of the Company s
common stock would receive one share of common stock for every four shares owned. The reverse stock split was effective as of 6:00 p.m.
Eastern Time on March 7, 2022, immediately prior to the Company s listing of its common stock on the NYSE American. All share amounts
have retrospectively been stated at post-reverse split amounts and pricing. 

The
holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share for all matters on which common stockholders are authorized to vote
on. Examples of matters that common stockholders are entitled to vote on include, but are not limited to, election of three of the six
directors and other common voting situations afforded to common stockholders. 

On
August 7, 2020 concurrently with the Joint Development Agreement with Petroleum Independent Exploration, LLC and related entities PIE ), the companies entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Securities Agreement whereby shares of Empire common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share, (d)
warrants to purchase shares of Empire common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share, and (c) warrants to purchase up
to 2,766,666 shares of Empire common stock at an exercise price of per share pursuant to various vesting provisions as detailed
in the Securities Agreement. The value allocated to the warrants was the fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation
with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected annual volatility of , risk free interest rate of . and an expected
useful life of 4 years. The fair value of the warrants of was allocated to paid in capital. On March 11, 2021 the Company amended
the Securities Agreement to remove the vesting provisions for the warrants and PIE exercised the warrants for an aggregate exercise price
of (See Note 5). 

 During
February and March 2021, the Company issued to a group of accredited investors shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase
 shares of its common stock for per share which expires on that would be accelerated should certain
performance criteria be met. Proceeds from the sale were . The value allocated to the warrants was the fair value determined
using the Black-Scholes option valuation with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected annual volatility of ,
risk free interest rate of . and an expected useful life of 21 months. The fair value of the warrants of was allocated
to Additional Paid in Capital. The performance criteria triggering early maturity occurred in April 2022, accelerating the warrant maturity
date to July 2022. During the nine months ended September 30, 2022, shares of common stock were issued as a result of warrant
exercises. As of July 10, 2022, all warrants such were fully exercised. 

 In
September and October 2022, a former director of the Company exercised warrants granted in November 2017 to purchase shares of
common stock for per share. 

In
connection with the purchase of XTO assets the Company issued a Senior Secured Convertible Note due , in the aggregate
principal amount (the Secured Convertible Note to Energy Evolution, a related party. As partial consideration
for the issuance of the Secured Convertible Note, shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per Warrant Share until May
14, 2022. Under the warrant certificate, the exercise price is subject to customary downward adjustments. The value allocated to
the common stock, conversion feature, and warrants was . In September 2021, the Company and the Energy Evolution Master Fund,
Ltd. entered into a Loan Modification Agreement (the Amended Secured Notes ). 

Additionally,
in conjunction with the purchase of XTO assets, the Company entered into of Unsecured Convertible Notes (the Unsecured
Notes with a group of accredited investors. The Unsecured Notes had a maturity date of with a single payment and
interest at (See Note 9). The Unsecured Note holders had the ability to convert their notes to common stock of the Company at the
lesser of per share or the price per share offered by the Company if the Company has a future capital raise. At December 31, 2021
 of the Unsecured Notes have been converted into shares of common stock of the Company. The fair value of the warrants
of was allocated to Paid in Capital. 

. Further, on April 3, 2019 the Company granted Mr. Pritchard and Mr. Morrisett each, options to purchase 
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. The options vested in three installments with 

vesting immediately and vesting each in April 2020 and April 2021. All of the options expire in April 2029. The value allocated to
the vested options was the fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation with the following assumptions: no dividend
yield, expected annual volatility of 213 , risk free interest rate of and an expected useful life of 5.375 years. The fair value
of the vested options of was recorded as compensation expense and allocated to Paid in Capital in 2019. In 2021 and 2020, the
fair value of the options which vested in April of the respective year of was recorded as compensation expense and allocated
to Additional Paid in Capital. All of the options were vested as of December 31, 2021. As a result of the adoption of a 2021 plan, the
Board of Directors and management have determined that there would be no further issuances from the 2019 Stock Option Plan. In April
2022, Mr. Pritchard exercised options to purchase 235,000 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,943,200 unexercised
options under the Stock Option Plan. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Company s 2021 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2021
Incentive Plan which was subsequently approved by stockholders of the Company. The total number of shares of common stock that
could be issued pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Pla n is . Four
grants were made in 2021 that amounted to options. Two of the grants were for a cumulative amount of options and vested
immediately upon grant in November 2021. Valuation was calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions:
no dividend yield, expected annual volatility of , risk free interest rate of , and term of 3 years. The third grant was for
62,500 options and the valuation used the following inputs: no dividend yield, expected annual volatility of 277 , risk free interest
rate of 0.99 , and term of 4 years. The fourth grant was for 62,500 options and inputs used to value the grant included no dividend yield,
expected annual volatility of 335 , risk free interest rate of 1.16 , and a term of 5 years. 

On
February 28, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company granted a combination of stock options and restricted stock units under the
2021 Incentive Plan. Stock options totaling 
 shares were granted to employees and members of management with
 three -year
vesting terms and expirations of . Stock option values were calculated
using a Black-Scholes option valuation with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected annual volatility of 
as calculated by utilizing the stock price from the date of the XTO acquisition through grant date, risk free interest rate of 
and 
for the 2025 and 2026 options, respectively, and expected useful lives of 2.75
 and 3.75
 years for the 2025 and 2026 options, respectively. Total fair
value of the stock option grants was approximately 
million . The value of these options is recognized to expense on
a straight-line method from date of grant through expiration date. 

On August 26, 2022, the stockholders of the Company approved
the Company s 2022 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2022 Incentive Plan which reserves 
 shares of the Company s common stock for issuance thereunder. As a result of such approval, no further awards will be made
under the 2021 Incentive Plan. The 2022 Stock and Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other stock-based
awards (restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units are collectively referred to as restricted
stock units for purposes of this footnote. At December 31, 2022, 
 shares of our common stock were available for future grants. 

Restricted
Stock Units 
 Each RSU represents the contingent right to receive one share of common stock. The holders of outstanding RSUs do not
receive dividends or have voting rights prior to vesting and settlement. The Company determines the fair value of granted RSUs based
on the market price of the common stock on the date of the grant. Compensation expense for granted RSUs is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting and is net of forfeitures, as incurred. Stock-based compensation is included in General and Administrative expense
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and is recorded with a corresponding increase in Additional Paid-in Capital within
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Total
value assigned to the RSUs based on grant date price approximated . For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 
of compensation expense related to RSUs was recognized, leaving approximately of unrecognized compensation expense which will
be recognized on a straight-line basis depending on the service period of each grant. 

Vested 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

(a) 

2022 
 
 Weighted Average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the year, per share 

Total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the year 

Stock
Options 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

to 
 
 6.38 years 

Deferred 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax purposes available
to offset future taxable income, as limited by the applicable provisions, which expire at various dates beginning in 2022 for the federal
net operating loss carryforwards. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company's net operating
loss carryforwards may be limited in the event of a change in ownership. A full Section 382 analysis has not been prepared and NOLs could
be subject to limitation under Section 382. 

Oil and gas Properties 

Right of use assets 

Stock option grants 

Asset retirement obligation 

Derivatives 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Oil and gas Properties 

Other property and equipment 

Derivatives 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred taxes 

) 

State taxes (net of federal impact) 

) 

Nondeductible expenses 

- 
 
 Return to Accrual 
 ) 
 
 - 

Valuation Allowance 

- 
 
 Income tax provision 

Utilization
of the Company s loss carryforwards is dependent on realizing taxable income. The Company recorded valuation allowances of
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the uncertainty related to its ability to
utilize some of its deferred income tax assets, primarily consisting of net operating loss carryforwards prior to
expiration or limitation under Section 382 as discussed above. 

The
Company has evaluated all tax positions for which the statute of limitations remains open and believes that the material positions taken
would likely than not would be sustained by examination. Therefore, at December 31, 2022, the Company has not established any reserves
for, nor recorded any unrecognized benefits related to uncertain tax positions. 

options outstanding that were not included in the calculation of earnings per share for the periods then
ended. 

- 58 - 

of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, a board member of Energy Evolution was
appointed to the Company s board in October 2021. This board member separately beneficially owns approximately 
of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. The board member also is a majority owner of PIE.
In October 2021 another Energy Evolution member was appointed to the Company s board of directors. 

In
March 2021, the majority owner of PIE, through the exercise of warrants, became a significant shareholder of the Company s outstanding
shares of stock (See Note 11). The Company has a joint development agreement with PIE to perform recompletion or workover on specified
mutually agreed upon wells (See Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred obligations of approximately million
as a part of the joint development agreement (See Note 9). 

for this contingency as of December 31, 2022. An agreement in principle was reached in 2022 and a final settlement
agreement signed in 2023. The Company will remit a payment of in the first quarter of 2023. 

of its oil, natural gas, and NGL to four customers. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 
of its oil and natural gas production to four customers. The loss of these purchasers could result in a temporary interruption in sales
or a lower price for production. 

The Company s
cash balances may at times exceed FDIC insurance limits. The Company maintains cash accounts at reputable financial institutions. 

, as set forth in
Section 4.2 of his Employment Agreement, in one lump sum payment within 30 days after March 23, 2023, rather than in monthly installments.
The Company is also extending the period under which Mr. Pritchard has the right to exercise his outstanding vested non-qualified stock
options from three months after the date of his termination of employment to September 16, 2024. In addition, Mr. Pritchard has surrendered to the Company shares
and options as satisfaction for the million receivable that primarily resulted from incorrect withholdings associated with an April
2022 option exercise by Mr. Pritchard. The Company also has a million liability recorded at December 31, 2022, related to withholding
payables that were remitted in the first-quarter 2023. 

On
March 17, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Michael R. Morrisett to the position of Chief Executive Officer, in addition to his
current duties of President and Principal Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Morrisett is not receiving any additional compensation
for assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. 

- 59 - 

EMPIRE
PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

Supplemental
Information of Oil and Natural Gas Producing Activities (Unaudited) 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following reserve estimates present the Company's estimate of the proven natural gas and oil reserves and net cash flow of the Company s
properties, in accordance with the guidelines established by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company emphasizes that
reserve estimates are inherently imprecise and that estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of producing natural gas
and oil properties. Accordingly, the estimates are expected to change as future information becomes available. All the oil
and natural gas reserves are located in Louisiana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Montana and Texas. 

Costs Incurred
Related to Oil and Gas Activities 

Costs incurred
includes capitalized costs of properties, equipment, and lease facilities for oil and natural gas producing activities. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Acquisition 
 2,702,613 
 23,780,111 
 
 Exploration 

Development 
 11,206,207 
 1,970,410 

13,908,820 
 25,750,521 

Reserve
Quantity Information 

 Proved
oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated
with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic
conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. Proved developed reserves are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor
compared to the cost of a new well. Proved undeveloped reserves are proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells
on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditures is required for recompletion. The information below
excludes proved undeveloped reserves. Below are the net quantities of net proved developed reserves of the Company s properties: 

Oil (MMBbls) 
 Gas (MMcf) 
 NGLs (a) 
 MBOE 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 3,661 
 971 
 
 3,823 
 
 Acquisition of Reserves 
 
 5,634 
 10,533 
 
 7,390 
 
 Revisions 
 
 (617) 
 251 
 
 (576) 
 
 Extensions 
 
 150 
 51 
 
 159 
 
 Divestiture of Reserves 
 
 (47) 
 27 
 
 (42) 
 
 Production 
 
 (333) 
 (625) 
 
 (437) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 8,448 
 11,208 
 87 
 10,404 
 
 Acquisition of Reserves 
 
 650 
 205 
 61 
 745 
 
 Revisions 
 
 (350) 
 1,834 
 2,248 
 2,203 
 
 Extensions 
 
 561 
 566 
 27 
 682 
 
 Production 
 
 (483) 
 (876) 
 (161) 
 (790) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 8,826 
 12,937 
 2,262 
 13,244 

(a)
The Company did not present NGLs separately in 2021. 

The 2021
acquisitions primarily relate to the XTO acquisition. The 2022 acquisitions relate to small acquisition in our Rockies and New Mexico
regions. 

- 60 - 

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Oil and Natural Gas Reserves 

 The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to oil and natural gas reserves and associated changes in standard
measure amounts were prepared in accordance with the provision of Financial Accounting Standard Board ASC 932-235-555. Future cash
inflows were computed by applying average prices of oil and natural gas for the last 12 months to estimated future production. 
Future production and development costs were computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing the oil and natural
gas reserves at the end of the year, based on yearend costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Future net
cash flows are discounted at the rate of 10 annually to derive the standardized measure of discounted cash flows. Actual future
cash inflows may vary considerably, and the standardized measure does not necessarily represent the fair value of the acquired properties'
oil and natural gas reserves. Standard measure amounts are: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Future cash inflows 
 941,172,544 
 627,654,125 
 
 Future production costs 
 (509,154,924 
 (362,254,813 
 
 Future development costs 
 (55,901,780 
 (33,021,749 
 
 Future income tax expense 
 (90,724,632 
 (30,614,383 
 
 Future net cash flows 
 285,391,208 
 201,763,180 
 
 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 
 (137,723,795 
 (107,911,087 
 
 Standardized measure 
 147,667,413 
 93,852,093 

The
12-month average prices were adjusted to reflect applicable transportation and quality differentials on a well-by-well basis to arrive
at realized sales prices used to estimate the properties' reserves. The prices for the properties' reserves were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Oil (BBl) 
 91.14 
 64.31 
 
 Natural gas (MMBtu) 
 4.23 
 7.34 

Pricing
includes revenue received from NGL sales as well as natural gas. 

Changes
in the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows at 10 per annum are as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Beginning of year 
 93,852,093 
 20,770,080 
 
 Net change in prices and production costs 
 24,651,555 
 13,080,689 
 
 Net change in future development costs 
 (7,141,431 
 782,210 
 
 Oil Gas net revenue 
 (21,418,327 
 (10,587,395 
 
 Extensions 
 11,037,719 
 5,026,479 
 
 Acquisition of reserves 
 12,043,912 
 90,104,017 
 
 Divestiture of reserves 
 
 (318,813 
 
 Revisions of previous quantity estimates 
 46,871,217 
 (3,794,860 
 
 Net change in taxes 
 (32,133,473 
 (15,544,094 
 
 Accretion of discount 
 10,939,619 
 2,077,008 
 
 Changes in timing and other 
 8,964,529 
 (7,743,228 
 
 End of year 
 147,667,413 
 93,852,093 

Estimates
of economically recoverable natural gas and oil reserves and of future net revenues are based upon a number of variable factors and assumptions,
all of which are to some degree subjective and may vary considerably from actual results. Therefore, actual production, revenues,
development and operating expenditures may not occur as estimated. The reserve data are estimates only, are subject to many uncertainties,
and are based on data gained from production histories and on assumptions as to geologic formations and other matters. Actual quantities
of natural gas and oil may differ materially from the amounts estimated. 

-61- 

<EX-21>
 2
 exh21_18703.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT
21 

EMPIRE PETROLEUM
CORPORATION 

Subsidiaries 

Entity 
 Place
of 
 Incorporation/Organization 
 
 Empire
 Louisiana LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 ND Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 New Mexico LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 North Dakota LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 Northwest Shelf LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 Texas LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Empire
 Texas GP LLC 
 Texas 
 
 Empire
 Texas Operating LLC 
 Texas 
 
 Pardus
 Oil Gas Operating, LP 
 Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exh23-1_18703.htm
 CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP

Exhibit
 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We
have issued our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of
Empire Petroleum Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said
report in the Registration Statements of Empire Petroleum Corporation on Form S-3 (File No. 333-260570) and on Forms S-8 (File No.
333-261364 and File No. 333-267220). 

 /s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

 Tulsa,
Oklahoma 
March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 exh23-2_18703.htm
 CONSENT OF MOSS ADAMS LLP

Exhibit
 23.2 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent
to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-260570) and Form S-8 (No. 333-267220 and No.
333-261364) of Empire Petroleum Corporation (the Company ), of our report dated March 31, 2022, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Moss Adams LLP 

Dallas, Texas 

 March 31,
2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 5
 exh23-3_18703.htm
 CONSENT OF CAWLEY, GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES

Exhibit
 23.3 

CONSENT
OF CAWLEY, GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES, INC. 

 We consent
to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (File Nos. 333- 261364 and 333-267220) on Form S-8 and the registration
statement (File No. 333-260570) on Form S-3 of Empire Petroleum Corporation (the Company of our report for the Company
and the references to our firm and said report, in the context in which they appear, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form 10-K ), which report is included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

 Respectfully submitted, 

CAWLEY, GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES,
INC. 

 Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-693 

Fort Worth, Texas 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exh31-1_18703.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL R. MORRISETT, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael R. Morrisett,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K of Empire Petroleum Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
 not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
 statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
 as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
 officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
 registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
 in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
 officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Michael R. Morrisett 

Michael R. Morrisett President and
Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.>
 7
 exh31-2_18703.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL R. MORRISETT, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
31. 2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael R. Morrisett,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K of Empire Petroleum Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
 not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
 statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
 as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
 officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
 registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
 in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
 officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Michael R. Morrisett 

Michael
 R. Morrisett 
 President and
Chief Executive Officer 
(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exh32-1_18703.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL R. MORRISETT, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
annual report of Empire Petroleum Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael R. Morrisett, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Michael R. Morrisett 

Michael R. Morrisett President and
Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of
the Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exh32-2_18703.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL R. MORRISETT, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
annual report of Empire Petroleum Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael R. Morrisett, President and Chief
Executive Officer (principal financial officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Michael R. Morrisett 

Michael R. Morrisett President and Chief Executive
Officer 
(principal financial officer) 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of
the Report. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 exh99-1_18703.htm
 CAWLEY, GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES, INC. SUMMARY REPORT

EXHIBIT
99.1 

March
14, 2023 

Mr.
Michael R. Morrisett 

 President 

 Empire
Petroleum Corporation 

 2200
S. Utica Place, Suite 150 

 Tulsa,
OK 74114 

Re: 
 Evaluation Summary 

Empire Petroleum Corporation Interests 

Various States 

Proved Developed Producing Reserves 

As of December 31, 2022 

Dear
Mr. Morrisett: 

As
requested, we are submitting our estimates of proved developed producing reserves and our forecasts of the resulting economics attributable
to the above captioned interests in various states. It is our understanding that the proved reserve estimates shown herein constitute
100 percent of all proved reserves owned by Empire Petroleum Corporation. This report, completed on March 14, 2023, has been prepared
for use in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by Empire Petroleum Corporation. In our opinion the
assumptions, data, methods, and procedures used in the preparation of this report are appropriate for such purpose. 

Composite
reserve estimates and economic forecasts for the proved developed producing reserves are summarized below: 

Proved 

Developed 

Producing 
 
 Net
 Reserves 

Oil 
 -
 Mbbl 
 8,826.4 
 
 Gas 
 -
 MMcf 
 12,936.4 
 
 NGL 
 -
 Mbbl 
 2,261.7 
 
 Revenue 

Oil 
 -
 M 
 804,436.6 
 
 Gas 
 -
 M 
 54,664.7 
 
 NGL 
 -
 M 
 82,071.1 
 
 Severance
 and 

Ad
 Valorem Taxes 
 -
 M 
 70,209.0 
 
 Operating
 Expenses 
 -
 M 
 438,945.6 
 
 Investments 
 -
 M 
 55,901.8 
 
 Operating
 Income (BFIT) 
 -
 M 
 376,115.9 
 
 Discounted
 at 10.0 
 -
 M 
 195,429.1 

The
discounted value shown above should not be construed to represent an estimate of the fair market value by Cawley, Gillespie Associates,
Inc. 

Evaluation
Summary 

 As
of December 31, 2022 

 Page
2 

Hydrocarbon
pricing of 6.358 per MMBtu of gas (Henry Hub spot) and 93.67 per barrel of oil/condensate (WTI spot) was applied without escalation.
In accordance with the SEC guidelines, these prices were determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month
price for the previous 12 months. The oil and gas prices were held constant and were adjusted for gravity, heating value, quality, transportation
and marketing. NGL prices were forecasted as fractions of the above oil price. The adjusted volume-weighted average product prices over
the life of the properties are 91.14 per barrel of oil, 4.23 per Mcf of gas and 36.29 per barrel of NGL. 

Operating
expenses were supplied by Empire Petroleum Corporation and reviewed for reasonableness. Severance and ad valorem taxes were scheduled
based on historical rates. Neither expenses nor investments were escalated. The cost of plugging and the salvage value of equipment have
been considered. 

The
proved reserves classifications conform to criteria of the SEC. The estimates of reserves in this report have been prepared in accordance
with the definitions and disclosure guidelines set forth in the SEC Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Modernization of Oil and Gas
Reporting, Final Rule released January 14, 2009 in the Federal Register (SEC regulations). The reserves and economics are predicated
on the regulatory agency classifications, rules, policies, laws, taxes and royalties in effect on the effective date except as noted
herein. The possible effects of changes in legislation or other Federal or State restrictive actions have not been considered. 

The
reserves were estimated using a combination of the production performance and analogy methods, in each case as we considered to be appropriate
and necessary to establish the conclusions set forth herein. All reserve estimates represent our best judgment based on data available
at the time of preparation and assumptions as to future economic and regulatory conditions. It should be realized that the reserves actually
recovered, the revenue derived therefrom and the actual cost incurred could be more or less than the estimated amounts. 

The
reserve estimates were based on interpretations of factual data furnished by Empire Petroleum Corporation. Ownership interests were supplied
by Empire Petroleum Corporation and were accepted as furnished. To some extent, information from public records has been used to check
and/or supplement these data. The basic engineering and geological data were utilized subject to third party reservations and qualifications.
Nothing has come to our attention, however, that would cause us to believe that we are not justified in relying on such data. An on-site
inspection of these properties has not been made nor have the wells been tested by Cawley, Gillespie Associates, Inc. Possible
environmental liability related to the properties has not been investigated nor considered. 

Our
work-papers and related data are available for inspection and review by authorized parties. 

Respectfully
submitted, 

CAWLEY,
GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES, INC. 

 Texas
Registered Engineering Firm F-693 

 JZM:ptn 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 empr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 empr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 empr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 empr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

