<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1741489_0001213900-23-025269.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3188283</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100721</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>683392</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>697422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>849435</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>786267</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025269.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331141451
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025269
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Elvictor Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001741489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				823296328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56508
		FILM NUMBER:		23786592

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VASSILEOS CONSTANTINOU 79
		STREET 2:		VARI
		CITY:			ATTIKI
		STATE:			J3
		ZIP:			16672
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 374-4196

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VASSILEOS CONSTANTINOU 79
		STREET 2:		VARI
		CITY:			ATTIKI
		STATE:			J3
		ZIP:			16672

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thenablers, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025269.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_elvictorgroup.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

,
 , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Company s common stock outstanding,
other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the common
stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the OTC Markets on that date, was .

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001
par value per share, outstanding as of March 30, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: NONE. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

GENERAL
INFORMATION 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 7 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 7 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 13 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 14 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 15 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 16 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 18 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 22 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 23 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 23 

SIGNATURES 
 24 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, 
 the Company, Elvictor, ELVG or our business refer to Elvictor Group, Inc. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements concerning management s expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated
economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of results to differ materially from any such
forward-looking statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. It is not possible to predict or identify all factors,
future events or circumstances that may have an impact on the Company s operations, financial results, financial condition, business,
prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Consequently, the following should not be considered to be a complete discussion of all potential
factors, risks or uncertainties. The words anticipate, estimate, expect, project, 
 intend, believe, plan, target, forecast and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

the inability
 to attract or retain qualified seafarers due to the war in the Ukraine or civil unrests in our key operating markets, among other
 factors; 

effect of rising inflation
 on our business due to increases in seafarer salaries and with respect to our customers; 

our ability to compete
 effectively within our industry since our competitors may have significantly greater financial, operational, marketing
 and geographic presence resources than we do; 

COVID-19 pandemic, which
 has impacted and continues to impact the Company and others in the industry, including amended crew member related regulations; 

fluctuations in global
 economic conditions may significantly reduce the demand for our services and adversely impact our business and results of operations; 

changing regulatory, economic,
 political and governmental conditions may impact industries and markets in which the Company currently operates; 

the effect of fluctuations
 in the price of oil and natural gas on the businesses of our clients may negatively impact our business and results of operations; 

impact of the war in the
 Ukraine on crewing and the global shipping industry, including our ability to continue effectively serving our clients due to a shortage
 of qualified seafarers; 

our ability to effectively
 manage our business and deliver services to our customers depends on the reliability and capacity of our technology systems; 

our reliance on our technology
 and cybersecurity procedures to effectively collect, protect and store sensitive and confidential information, including our proprietary
 business information, as well as information pertaining to our customers, employees, and business partners; and 

the increased cost of compliance
 with regulatory obligations, including data privacy regulations enacted in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and throughout the world. 

ii 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report reflect our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential impact on our operations and business. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. Should one
or more of these factors, risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
in material respect from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as
long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting
requirements applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; (ii) the
last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of an initial public offering of our equity securities; (iii)
the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period; and (iv) the date on
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. Pursuant to (ii) above, we will cease to be an emerging growth company
effective December 31, 2023. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Elvictor
Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, was incorporated on November 3, 2017 under the name of Thenablers, Inc. Thenablers and initially operated as an international business development organization with a focus on design and execution of market strategies
for its clients. In October 2019, Konstantinos Galanakis, our Chief Executive Officer, Stavros Galanakis, our Vice President/Chairman
of the Board), Christodoulos Tzoutzakis, our Chief Operating/ Technology Officer) and Theodoros Chouliaras, our then Chief Financial
Officer were appointed as our directors, and all of the directors then serving in connection with the business of Thenablers resigned
(Panagiotis Lazaretos, Sotirios Foutsis and Theofylaktos Petros Oikonomou). Those changes in management occurred to promote, operate
and expand our new business with management specific knowledge. At the time of appointment of the new directors, Thenablers issued to
Konstantinos Galanakis, Stavros Galanakis, Aikaterini Galanaki and Theodoros Chouliaras an aggregate of 80,000,000 shares of newly designated
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of 30,000 and the transfer of all of the business
of Elvictor Crew Management Ltd to the Company, including all existing crew management contracts, the transfer of which began in the
fourth quarter of 2020 and concluded at the end of 2021. The 80,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which voted with
the Company s common stock, on an as-converted basis, were converted into 395,220,000 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Konstantinos
Galanakis and Mr. Stavros Galanakis on April 8, 2021, pursuant to the terms of a Settlement Agreement and resulted in a change in our
control of the Company. 

On
November 5, 2019, Mr. Konstantinos Galanakis was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and Stavros Galanakis as our Chairman. On December
13, 2019, via shareholder consent, our name was changed from Thenablers, Inc. to Elvictor Group, Inc. with
the Nevada Secretary of State. On February 27, 2020, upon receipt of FINRA s approval, our trading symbol in the OTC Pink Open
Market was changed to ELVG. 

On
August 8, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary in Vari, Greece, Elvictor Group Hellas Single Member SA. This subsidiary provides
us with back-office services and its crew management subsidiaries pertaining to human resources issues, agreements, tax and other accounting
advice, and administrative support. 

In
September 2020, we began focusing our s business operations on providing crew management services to vessels around the world. In October
2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Ultra Shipmanagement, Inc., a Marshall Islands company Ultra Shipmanagement owned by Konstantinos Galanakis and Stavros Galanakis in return for our payment of 2,500 upon which Ultra Shipmanagement, Inc. became
our wholly owned subsidiary, and we began offering ship management services. On January 10, 2022, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary
in Cyprus, ELVG Crew Management Limited, which provides crew management services. 

On
January 2022, we established the fully owned subsidiary, ELVG Crew Management Ltd, incorporated in Cyprus, to facilitate its crew management
operations. 

Together
with our wholly owned crew management subsidiaries, we are a crewing and crew management company that sources, recruits, selects, deploys,
schedules, trains, the on-going management of seafarers. Our services also include administrative functions related to crew management
services, including payroll services, travel arrangements, and verifying the insurance coverage information of all onboarded seafarers.
We have the benefit of over 65 years of combined experience in various value-adding activities of the shipping sector such as ship management,
technical management, ship agency, crewing and crew management of Stavros Galanakis and Konstantinos Galanakis. 

We
currently manage over 1,800 seafarers of seven different nationalities who are aboard seven different ship types. 

1 

Recent
Developments 

On
November 15, 2021 and effective as of January 1, 2022, we entered into a Software License Agreement with Seatrix Software Production
Single Member S.A., the Licensor. The license grants us an exclusive and non-transferable license to use the Licensor s artificial
intelligence software in connection with managing shipping crews. On January 19, 2022, we issued the Licensor 7,000,000 Common Stock
Restricted shares (the License Shares to the Licensor as consideration for the license. Seatrix Software Production Single
Member S.A. is a related party company fully owned and controlled by the Company s CEO, Konstantinos Galanakis. 

On
January 19, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 900,000 shares of our Common Stock to certain directors and former directors for services
previously provided to us. 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company notified its independent registered public accounting firm, BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers ),
that we were dismissing Borgers as our independent auditors effective immediately, which decision was approved by our s board of directors,
acting in lieu of an audit committee. Concurrently with Borgers dismissal, our board of directors appointed RBSM LLP as our new independent
registered public accounting firm effective September 28, 2022. Borgers s audit reports on our financial statements for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified
as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 and through the September
28, 2022, there were (i) no disagreements between us and Borgers (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related
instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Borgers, would have caused Borgers to make reference
to the subject matter of such disagreements in connection with its audit reports on our Company s financial statements for such years,
and (ii) no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On
October 26, 2022, we determined that it would be in our bests interests to pay on behalf of certain Board members and executive officers
the applicable income taxes payable, related to the payment of their compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Board approved
the income tax payment of 29,676 on behalf of Konstantinos Galanakis, the CEO and board member, 15,614 on behalf of Christodoulos Tzoutzakis,
the COO and 7,783 on behalf of Stavros Galanakis, Vice President and Chairman of the Board. The Company has accrued for these expenses
in its Consolidated Statement of Operations under Salaries as of December 31, 2022. 

On
January 3, 2023, a majority of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote voted to remove Lampros Theodorou as our Director.
Lampros Theodorou s removal as our Director was not for cause and not the result of any disagreement with the Board of Directors
or the management or otherwise in connection with our operations, policies or practices. The effective date of the removal was December
31, 2022. 

On
January 3, 2023, the Board removed Aikaterini Katerina Bokou as our Chief Financial Officer CFO and simultaneously
appointed Kostantinos Galanakis as our CFO. Aikaterini Bokou s removal as our CFO was not for cause and not the result of any disagreement
with the Board or the management or otherwise in connection with our operations, policies or practices. Konstantinos Galanakis has been
our Chief Executive Officer since November 5, 2019. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board approved our Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policies, which are posted s on our website at www.elvictorgroup.com. 

2 

Our
Services 

Crewing
and Crew Management Services 

Crewing
is a key ship management service and is defined as the selection, recruitment and training of the essential on-board crews. Crew managers
source crew members for particular periods considering the specific needs on-board our clients vessels, the availability of crew
members at the location of the vessels, and the vessels schedules. 

We
provide services that cover various types of crew management activities, including sourcing and preliminary screening of seafarers, the
matching of crew members with ship owning companies, and submission of employment proposals. We also direct seafarers to health clinics,
record in our databases the results of their medical examinations thereby helping verify that the seafarers are fit and ready to perform
their assignments. We also maintain records of the travel and Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping STCW documents which are required for the seafarers to board our clients vessels and perform services thereon. This is a highly complex
procedure, given the number of seafarers handled on a daily basis, and requires us to process and store sensitive information (such as,
but not limited to, the health records of the seafarers). Because of this, we are obligated to comply with data privacy regulations in
the United States, as well as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR of the EU. 

We
brief the seafarers on the details of their new assignment to ensure their familiarization with their respective tasks, after which we
make the necessary travel arrangements, including booking of tickets, to ensure that the seafarers reach their destination port and embark
the vessel safely and in a timely manner. Upon completion of the assigned trip, each seafarer undergoes a disembarkation and briefing
procedure, during which seafarers may submit complaints related to previous assignments, state whether they would like to rejoin the
specific ship company for further assignments, request to be promoted and/or effectively communicate any other issues. 

For
each of the aforementioned services, we charge our clients a fee based on the salary of each seafarer, the seafarer s rank, and
the type of the vessel in which the seafarer is employed (i.e. bulker, tanker, liquefied petroleum gas tanker or container ship). Most
of our revenues are recognized under long-term contracts, including those for which revenues are based on either a fixed price, or cost-plus-fee
basis, and primarily as performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue from crew manning and management services where we act as a principle
is recognized as gross revenue and when acting as an agent, revenue is recognized as net revenue in the accounting period in which the
services are rendered. 

Until
the first quarter of 2022, we outsourced the provision of crewing and crew management services to Elvictor Crew Management Ltd, our related
party based in Cyprus. In April 2022, we reduced the amount of crewing and crew management services that we outsource by providing such
services directly through our subsidiaries. Our wholly owned subsidiary ELVG Crew Management Ltd, was formed in January of 2022 with
the intent of providing such services through this subsidiary. 

3 

Ship
Management Services 

Ship
management services include the technical and financial fleet management, the crew management and procurement process, as well as compliance
with quality and safety standards: 

The technical
 management includes the maintenance of the machinery and repair work of the ship to ensure the technical availability of the vessel. 

Crew management is also
 a key ship management service and refers to the recruitment, composition and employment of the essential on-board crews. Ship managers
 hire crew members for particular periods considering the specific needs on-board, the availability of crew members at the location
 of the vessel and the vessel schedules. 

Financial management includes
 finance and accounting, provision of data and performance measurement of the vessel. 

Finally, ship managers
 provide spare parts, supplies and services to keep the vessel ready to sail, and also arrange compliance with regulations and quality
 standards, health, safety and environment standards, insurance and claims handling services. 

We
intend to expand our services by also providing ship management services and in furtherance of this plan, we acquired Ultra Shipmanagement
from Stavros Galanakis and Konstantinos Galanakis, which has received its Det Norske Veritas AS approved Interim Document of Compliance
provided under the authority granted by the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and we have also employed specialized
personnel. The Interim Document of Compliance is the license required for a ship management company to start providing its services. 

Competition 

Many
of our competitors have significantly greater financial and operational resources, longer operating histories, greater marketing and
advertising capabilities, and broader geographic presence than we and our subsidiaries do. Our competitors may be better positioned to
outmaneuver us in the market by offering more competitive pricing and by spending significantly greater resources on advertising. Our
current and potential competitors may be able to expand into markets in which we and our subsidiaries currently operate, and we and our
subsidiaries are vulnerable to the marketing power and potentially significantly higher level of customer brand recognition of our larger
competitors. Many of our competitors offer services that are more extensive than the services we together with our subsidiaries currently
offer and may offer such services at a price point that we may be unable to compete with. 

Our
competitors in ship and crew management can be separated into three broad categories: 

(a) 
 Local manning
 companies focused on specific geographical markets situated in their countries of domicile (Ukraine, Sri Lanka, Philippines,
 etc.), which provide isolated services encompassing ship personnel. 

(b) 
 In-house ship and crew
 management departments of ship owning companies that usually own a substantial number of vessels. 

(c) 
 Crew Ship management
 companies providing crew management services to third parties. 

We
believe that we can compete effectively with our competitors through: 

(i) Our
access to seafarer-supplying countries, through established relations with related or third-party companies; 

(ii) Our
smaller size and simpler internal structure can be more flexible to the specific requirements of each client and can offer a tailor-made
approach both in the services and pricing allowing to present an attractive alternative solution to many larger ship owning companies; 

(iii) Our
crew management platform designed to allow our personnel to collaborate with different cultures in different time zones with ever rising
complexities, presenting a uniform service level to our clients regardless of the point of origin of the crew; and 

(iv) Our
public status that provides transparency to our operations and financial performance covering our clients ESG requirements. 

As
we grow our operations and venture into new products and solutions, we anticipate competitive pressures to increase, particularly from
established firms that find our solutions disruptive. 

4 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. The laws and regulations
govern many issues related to our business practices, including, but not limited to those regarding privacy, data security, intellectual
property, taxation, wage and hour, sick pay and leaves of absence, anti-discrimination and harassment, whistleblower protections. We
are obligated to have compliance procedures in place and to remain diligent in keeping abreast of changes in labor regulations, maritime
regulations, and other trade regulations that affect our customers in order to amend our procedures. Because we are performing cash transfers
to and on behalf of the crew members, we need to comply with banking regulations that applies for EU, UN and OFAC sanctions as provided
to us by the banks. 

The
General Data Protection Regulation GDPR that has been adopted by the European Union is considered in our operations and
all the required consents from the crew members are provided at the local offices on behalf of the Company for processing personal data. 

As
we begin to roll out additional services and solutions, we may find certain aspects of our operations fall under regulatory regimes governing
the specific products or us, as a whole. For example, if we begin to provide ship management services, we may fall under certain shipping
regulations. 

Employees
and Consultants 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 23 full time employees, not including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to include the disclosure
required under this Item 1A. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal business and corporate address is Vassileos Constantinou 79, Vari, 16672, Attiki, Greece. The space is being provided to the
Company through a lease agreement with Mrs. Aikaterini Galanaki, our Chairman s, Stavros Galanakis wife, at a monthly cost
of 3,500). The specific lease has been renewed for a period starting from 01/01/2023 until 12/31/2030. We consider our office
space adequate for our current operations. 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a second lease agreement with the wife of Mr. Stavros Galanakis for its new subsidiary in Vari,
Greece for Ultra Ship Management. The term of the lease is from October 1, 2021, to December 31, 2024, with a fixed monthly rental of
1,000 . 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

Currently,
we are not involved in any pending or threatened material litigation or other material legal proceedings, nor have we been made aware
of any pending or threatened regulatory audits. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

5 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the Pink Open Market under the symbol ELVG. The following table sets forth the quarterly high
and low daily close for our Common Stock for the two years ended December 31, 2022. The bids reflect interdealer prices without adjustments
for retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. There is a limited market for our Common Stock. 

Price Range 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.1800 
 0.0710 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.2870 
 0.0710 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.2669 
 0.0501 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0790 
 0.0250 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.0780 
 0.0250 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0700 
 0.0200 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0379 
 0.0180 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0500 
 0.0130 

The
over-the-counter market does not impose listing standards or requirements, does not provide automatic trade executions and does not maintain
relationships with quoted issuers. A company traded on the over-the-counter market may face loss of market makers and lack of readily
available bid and ask prices for its stock and may experience a greater spread between the bid and ask price of its stock and a general
loss of liquidity with its stock. In addition, certain investors have policies against purchasing or holding over the counter market.
Both trading volume and the market value of our securities have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by the trading on
the over-the-counter market. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 414,448,757 outstanding shares of Common Stock and 87 shareholders of record. 

Dividend
Policy 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Company s Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors
is not restricted from paying any dividends but is not obligated to declare a dividend. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends,
and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors
currently plans to retain earnings for the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination as to the payment
of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors including future earnings, capital
requirements, financial conditions and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deems relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company has not adopted an equity compensation plan. 

6 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
did not issue any securities in unregistered transactions during the fiscal year covered by this report that have not been previously
reported in a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, which are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Forward-Looking Statements, above. 

Organizational
Overview 

Together
with our wholly owned crew management subsidiaries, we are a crewing and crew management company responsible for sourcing, recruitment,
selection, deployment, scheduling, training, and on-going management of seafarers. Our services also include administrative functions
related to crew management services, including payroll services, travel arrangements, and verifying the insurance coverage information
of all onboarded seafarers. Our Company benefits from over 65 years of combined experience in various value adding activities of the
shipping sector such as ship management, technical management, ship agency, crewing and crew management of Stavros Galanakis and. Konstantinos
Galanakis. 

Through
the crew management platform developed by our affiliate, Seatrix, our personnel can collaborate with many different cultures in many
different time zones with ever rising complexities, presenting a uniform service level to our principals, regardless of the point of
origin of the crew. This innovation allows us to hire junior operators, who after a short training procedure are able to serve our principals
with high quality standards, helping Elvictor be cost effective while maintaining the highest possible service level. 

We
currently manage over 1,800 seafarers of seven different nationalities who are aboard seven different ship types. 

We
o expanded our services by providing ship management services and, we acquired Ultra Shipmanagement from Stavros Galanakis and Konstantinos
Galanakis for that purpose, which has received its Det Norske Veritas AS approved Interim Document of Compliance provided under the authority
granted by the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and we have also employed specialized personnel. The Interim Document
of Compliance is the license required for a ship management company to start providing its services. 

Results
of Operations 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Those material accounting
estimates that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition are discussed
immediately below and are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the
application of significant judgment by our management to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. 

7 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and
are presented in U.S. dollars, unless indicated otherwise. The Company believes that the disclosures in these financial statements are
adequate and not misleading. In the opinion of management, the financial statements and notes contain all adjustments necessary for a
fair presentation of the Company s financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and statements of operations and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
accompanying financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described below and elsewhere
in these notes to the financial statements. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Elvictor Group, Inc. as of December
31, 2022, and 2021 and the results of controlled subsidiaries for the year then ended. Elvictor Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries together
are referred to in this financial report as the consolidated entity. The effects of all transactions between entities in the consolidated
entity are eliminated in full. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent entity,
using consistent accounting policies. 

Accounting
Basis 

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The
Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all cash on hand and in banks, certificates of deposit and other highly liquid investments with maturities of three
months or less, when purchased, to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company has operations of crew manning and management and has accounts receivable due from its customers in the shipping industry.
Contracts receivable from crew manning in the shipping industry are based on contracted prices. The Company provides an allowance for
doubtful collections, which is based upon a review of outstanding receivables, historical collection information, individual credit valuation
and specific circumstances of the customer and existing economic conditions. Normal contracts receivable are due 30 days after the issuance
of the invoice, normally at the month s end. Receivables past due more than 120 days are considered delinquent and they are included
in the provision for doubtful accounts. There is no interest charged on past due accounts. 

The
Company does not have an allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
The office equipment is depreciated over three years. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets acquired are initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets
are reported at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. These assets are being amortized over their
useful life of five years. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates
fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in
these financial statements. 

8 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using
the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available
evidence, are not expected to be realized. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with FASB ASC 606 upon the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue recognized from contracts
with customers is disclosed separately from other sources of revenue. ASC 606 includes guidance on when revenue should be recognized
on a Gross (Principal) or Net (Agent) basis. 

Most
of the Company s revenues are recognized primarily under long-term contracts, including those for which revenues are based on either
a fixed price, or cost-plus-fee basis, and primarily as performance obligations are satisfied. Professional services and other ancillary
services are delivered, generally on a monthly basis and are separate and distinct deliverables. The Company s performance obligation
is generally satisfied on a monthly basis when its agency and related services are delivered. 

The
Company has the performance obligation to provide a crew for its customers, the shipping companies, and their ship managers. The Company
utilizes its proprietary crew management platform to deliver crew management services to the ship owners. This crew management service
is a monthly obligation that starts with the first stage of recruitment, to their transfer of crew to the vessel and continues to monitor
the crew during the course of the contract until they disembark. 

Revenue
from crew manning services, agency fees and recruiting fees where Elvictor acts as a principal is recognized as gross revenue. When the
company is acting as an agent, revenue is recognized as net revenue in the accounting period in which the services are rendered. Such
revenues are from Allotment fees, communication, training fees, covid-19 fees, and other sundry fees. For all fixed-price contracts,
revenue is recognized based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period. The accounting treatment for the reporting
of revenues may vary materially between whether the revenue is reported on a Principal (Gross) or an Agent (Net) basis. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
measurement and recognition of stock-based compensation expense is based on estimated fair values for all share-based awards made to
employees and directors, including stock options and for non-employee equity transactions as per ASC 718 rules. 

For
transactions in which we obtain certain services of employees, directors, and consultants in exchange for an award of equity instruments,
we measure the cost of the services based on the grant date fair value of the award. We recognize the cost over the vesting period. 

Basic
Income/(Loss) Per Share 

Basic income per share is calculated by dividing
the Company s net income/(loss) applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. There are no such common stock equivalents outstanding as of December
31, 2022. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB or other standards setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. The FASB issues updates to new accounting
pronouncements through the issuance of an Accounting Standards Update ASU ). Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes
that the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

9 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
Company considers the U.S. dollar to be its functional currency as it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
Company operates. Accordingly, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at
the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates in
effect at the time of acquisition or issue. Revenues and expenses are translated at rates approximating the exchange rates in effect
at the time of the transactions. All exchange gains and losses are included in operations. 

Subsequent
Events 

The
Company has analyzed the transactions from December 31, 2022, to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued for subsequent
event disclosure purposes. 

Plan
of Operations 

In
order to meet business goals, we must (a) execute effectively our current business of crew management; and (b) continue to focus on new
business development in order to acquire new agreements. 

In
order to raise sufficient funds to proceed with the implementation of our business plan, we may have to find alternative sources of funds,
like a second public offering, a private placement of securities, or loans from third parties (such as banks or other institutional lenders). Equity
financing could result in additional dilution of the existing shareholders. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either the
money that we raise from private placements, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue to maintain, develop
or expand our operations. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, we generated 2,475,660 and 2,387,020 in revenues, respectively, representing an increase in revenue of 88,640, or 3.7 . 

Operating
Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we incurred 2,300,442 and 1,420,841 in operating expenses, respectively, representing an increase in operating expenses between
the two periods of 879,601, or 61.9 . The increase in operating expenses in 2022 is due to the increased number of our employees, some
of which are performing functions previously performed by third parties and the increased professional fees. For the year ended December
31, 2022, salaries totaled 1,316,906, as compared to 720,192 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 596,714, or 82.9 . 

Net
Loss and Gross Profit 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of 238,858 and 43,164,740, respectively, representing a decrease in the net loss of 42,925,882 between
the two periods, or 99.5 . This decrease is mainly due to the 43,147,786 loss recognition resulting from the non-cash conversion of the
preferred shares outstanding to common shares for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate
adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had a working capital surplus during the year ended December 31,
2022 of 253,118 compared to a surplus of 371,736 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is calculated as current assets minus current
liabilities. 

Cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities
was 210,365 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash flow of 134,234 used in operating activities during the year ended
December 31, 2021. This increase was directly attributable to the increase in the net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, year over year. 

Net cash flow used in investing activities was
 14,911, for the purchase of office equipment, and 12,877 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
Nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 111,833 for the year ended December 31, 2021, deriving mainly from the sale of common stock. 

Cash
Requirements 

We
require additional capital to implement our business development and fund our operations. 

Since
the crew management business started running, we have funded our operations primarily through equity financings and we expect that we
will continue to fund our business through the equity and debt financing, either alone or through strategic alliances. Additional funding
may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. We
intend to continue to fund our business by way of equity or debt financing along with the revenues that can support the Company. If we
raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our company held
by existing shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities may
contain certain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our common stock. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to our stockholders. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of January 1, 2023, our obligations and commitments to make future payments under a lease agreement that the Company pays on behalf of
its subsidiaries, Ultra Shipmanagement, is 13,644 for the year of 2023, and 10,233 will be due by the year 2024. 

In January 2023, the Company renewed the office lease for
its subsidiary in Vari, Greece. The Company accounted for its new lease as an operating lease under the guidance of Topic 872. The new
lease is 3,500 per month, with no annual increase during the 8-year term. The Company used an incremental borrowing rate of 4.92 
based on the average interest rate of corporate loans in Greece from the Bank of Greece. At the lease inception the company recorded a
Right of Use Asset of 291,467 and a corresponding Lese Liability of 291,467. 

Outlook 

The
shipping industry and especially the crew management segments will likely continue to face increasing pressures, further due to the ongoing
COVID-19 crisis, as well as due to the conflict in Ukraine. According to the International Chamber of Shipping (the ICS ),
which represents approximately 80 of the worlds merchant fleet, Ukrainian and Russian seafarers make up 14.5 of the global shipping
workforce, with 198,123 Russian seafarers and 76,442 Ukrainians. 

11 

As
ICS secretary general Guy Platten said: The conflict in Ukraine is having a significant impact upon the safety and security of
seafarers and shipping in the area. As with COVID, seafarers are being exposed to issues not of their making. Multiple ships
have been hit by munitions, seafarers have been killed and injured and seafarers of all nationalities are trapped on ships berthed in
ports. It is of the utmost urgency that their evacuation from these areas of threat should be ensured by those States with the power
to do so. The impact upon innocent seafarers and their families cannot be underestimated. 

Our
management team is assessing alternative plans to mitigate potential challenges arising from the ongoing war in the Ukraine, among other
things. 

The
demand for our services depends on the demand for maritime shipping services which are subject to normal economic cycles affecting the
general economy including the effect of increased inflation. Inflationary pressures may result to important increases to our operating
costs that we may not be able to fully transfer to our clients thus affecting our profitability. Additionally, increase in operating
costs of our clients may lead to delays in payments for our services and accumulation of bad debt, although we closely monitor their
credit behavior to avoid such incidents. Additionally, significant deteriorations of economic conditions over a prolonged period could
produce a material adverse effect on the demand for our services. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item 7A. 

12 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Financial
Statements 

of 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC. 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

13 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (RBSM PCAOB ID #587) 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (BF Borgers CPA PC PCAOB ID #5041) 
 F-3 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31,
 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholder s
 Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Elvictor Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Elvictor Group, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations, consolidated
statement cash flows, and statement of the changes in stockholders equity, for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the result of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ RBSM
 LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 New York, NY 
 
 March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID: 587 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Elvictor Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Elvictor Group, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements").
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor from 2017
to 2022. 

March 31, 2022 

F- 3 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
2022 Audited 
 December 31, 
2021 Audited 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Receivables 

Other Receivables - Related Party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current Assets 

ROU Asset - Related Party 

Intangible Assets, Net 
 
 -

Office Equipment, net 

Total Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Trade Accounts Payable 

Trade Accounts Payable - Related Party 

Other Payables 

Lease Liability - Related Party 

Accrued and Other Liabilities 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Lease Liability - Related Party 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value ; common shares authorized; and common shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
2022 Audited 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
2021 Audited 

Gross Revenue 

Net Revenue 

Total Revenue 

Less: Cost of Revenue 

Cost of Revenue - Related Party 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Professional fees - Related Party 

Salaries 

Rent -Related Party 

Bad Debt Expense 
 
 -

Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 -

Other general and administrative costs 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 
 
 -

Other Income (Expense) 

Gov t Subsidy 
 -

Loss from Conversion of Preferred Stock to Commons Stock 
 -

Other Income 
 
 -

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss before income tax 

Provision for income taxes (benefit) 

Net loss 

Net Loss Per Common Stock 

- basic and fully diluted

Weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

- basic and fully diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
2022 Audited 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
2021 Audited 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization 
 
 -

Shares Issued for Services 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of preferred stock to common stock 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Receivables 

Other Receivables - Related Party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts Payable 

Trade Accounts Payable 

Trade Accounts Payable - Related Party 

Other Payables 

Accrued and Other Liabilities 

Due to related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Office Equipment 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Sale of common stock 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net increase (decrease) in Cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for: 

Income Taxes 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing 

Transactions 

Common Stock issued to reduce convertible notes payable 

Shares exchanged for Intangible Asset 
 
 -

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ELVICTOR GROUP, INC 

Statement of the Changes in Stockholder s Equity 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 

- 
 -

-

Shares issued for services 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares exchanged for Intangible Asset 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 -

-

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

-

Shares issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for Convertible Bonds 

- 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -

Preferred Shares converted to Common 

- 
 -

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 -

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 8 

years. 

. 

F- 9 

, Other Receivables of and Other Receivables from Related
Parties of . 

years 
 
 -

Less: accumulated amortization 

-

-

F- 10 

restricted common shares for
the purchase of license software, equal to the aggregate of at the stated value of per share. 

, the FMV that the shares were trading as of January 3, 2022. The total value of 
 was amortized over its useful life of 
years and the amortization began on January 1, 2022 . Intangible
assets are measured initially at cost. After initial recognition, an entity usually measures an intangible asset at cost less accumulated
amortization. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

has been expensed for the related party Elvictor Crew Management Services
Ltd as of December 31, 2022, for the cost of services sold, included in the Cost of Revenue- Related Party. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company has other receivables - related party of from Elvictor Crew Management Ltd Cyprus. 

, included in the Cost of Revenue 
Related Party and Net Revenue, while as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a liability of . 

in Cost of Goods Sold that offset Net Revenue, and the amount due to Qualship Georgia Ltd as of December 31, 2022, was 
included under Trade Accounts Payable Related Party. 

, included in the Cost of Revenue Related Party and Net Revenue, and amount due to Elvictor Odessa as of December
31, 2022, was included under Trade Accounts Payable Related Party. 

due as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 11 

per month, with no annual increase during the 8-year term.
The Company used an incremental borrowing rate of based on the average interest rate of corporate loans in Greece from the Bank
of Greece. At the lease inception the company recorded a Right of Use Asset of and a corresponding Lese Liability of . 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments 

Less Imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Disclosed as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

as of December 31, 2022. 

in Other Creditors and in Payroll and Sales Tax Payable as of December
31, 2022. 

, par value shares of common stock authorized. On December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were
 and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of common stock for convertible notes payable of . 

shares of common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, dated July 7, 2020. Specifically, exactly shares of restricted common stock were issued to Mr.
Konstantinos Galanakis, shares of restricted common were issued to Mr. Stavros Galanakis, and shares of restricted
common were issued to Mr. Theofanis Anastasiadis. As a result, there are no shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock for cash proceeds of . 

F- 12 

restricted shares of common stock with a value equal to . to Seatrix Software
Production Single Member S.A., a Company owned and controlled by Mr. Konstantinos Galanakis, pursuant to the Software License Agreement
signed on November 15, 2021, for the exclusive and non-transferable license to use the Licensor s artificial intelligence software
in connection with the managing of shipping crews. 

shares of Common Stock, with a value equal to . at the time, to certain
directors and former directors for past services provided to the Company. 

shares of a newly designated Series A Preferred Stock, in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of pursuant
to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Per the terms of the Agreements, these shares could not be converted for one
year after they were issued and were automatically converted into shares of Common Stock on April 8, 2021, which was 18 months
after issuance. As a result, there are no shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

The lessor, Mrs. Aikaterini Galanakis, is the wife of the Company s president, Mr. Stavros Galanakis. 

on December 31, 2021, and approximately on December 31, 2022, which may be
available to offset future taxable income. Utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to substantial annual limitations
due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 381 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The annual limitation
may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry forwards before utilization. 

Sub Total 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Foreign Prior Year 

Total current tax provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred benefit 
 -
 
 -

Total provision (benefit) for income tax 

F- 13 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedure 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable
level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance
level due to material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting (as described below). 

To
address these material weaknesses, management engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure
that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented. 

14 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2022
our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1. We
do not have sufficient written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
over financial reporting is a requirement of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management
evaluated the impact of our failure to have sufficient written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment
of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. We
do not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricts the Company s ability to gather, analyze and properly
review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. In addition, due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting
duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions,
the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact
of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control
deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

We
have taken steps to remediate some of the weaknesses described above and we are in discussions with the risk advisory departments of
reputable accounting firms to assist us in the COSO framework documentation and testing of the internal controls. We intend to continue
to address these weaknesses as resources permit, including the employment of new qualified employees. 

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance; 

The
current Directors and Officers of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Konstantinos Galanakis 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and
 Director 
 
 Stavros Galanakis 
 
 71 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
 and Vice President 
 
 Christodoulos Tzoutzakis 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and
 Chief Technology Officer 

Stavros
Galanakis Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice President 

Stavros
Galanakis founded Elvictor in 1977 as a Greece-based private entity (the predecessor to the company whose business becoming a part of
the business of Thenablers in 2019, the Elvictor Greece ), and has been a ship owner and ship manager for over 20 vessels,
primarily bulk carriers and chemical tankers. Mr. Galanakis currently serves as our Chairman and Vice President. He is widely recognized
as a pioneer in the field of crewing, having set up the oldest crew services company in Greece, and leading the exploration of new markets
when it comes to the supply of labor onboard. During his time with Elvictor Greece and Elvictor Group, Inc., he has offered unparalleled
solutions to the crewing needs of some of the most reputable ship owners in Greece and abroad, establishing himself as a highly respectable
member in the global shipping value network. For such reasons, he was given the honor of the title of Consul General of the Republic
of Maldives from 1995 through 2017. Mr. Galanakis has served as a director of Elvictor since October 2019 and as a Chairman of the Board
of Directors since November 2019. In May 2021, the Board approved the appointment of Stavros Galanakis to the position of Vice President
of the Company. His main role as Chairman and Vice President of Elvictor is to ensure that all activities of Elvictor are deployed in
sustainable, professional, and strictly following ethical norms in relation to client-driven activities, as well as ensuring the well-being
and fair treatment of the seafarers. Mr. Galanakis studied at the University of Athens. Mr. Galanakis has a familial relationship with
the Chief Executive Officer and Director of Elvictor, Mr. Kostantinos Galanakis. 

Konstantinos
Galanakis Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Konstantinos
Galanakis has been the Chief Executive Officer and Director of Elvictor Group, Inc. since November 2019. Following a thorough training
in various U.S. and British Universities and organizations with a dedicated focus and personal interest in Business Administration, Mergers
and Acquisitions, Quality, and continuous innovation he joined Elvictor Greece in 2001. He is well known for being an early adopter of
digitalization in the shipping industry. His focus is on proactiveness and developing new practices, always focusing on Best Practice
compliance bringing disruption to his field. Mr. Galanakis started his training in the business by embarking onboard ships, visiting
and living in countries where Elvictor had branch offices, going through every department, gaining knowledge, and blueprinting all operations
of each unit separately. He had attended dry docks and special surveys of the ships owned by the family. He was eager to get the expertise
of various vertical and horizontal shipping businesses to approach the service from a superior state. This detailed knowledge worked
on orchestrating the smooth inter-functional coordination of Elvictor s diverse value chain activities and building the robust cloud
system that Elvictor possesses today. He took part in various shipping forums as a guest speaker and specialized speaker in crew management
and manning, making him widely recognized as one of the pioneers and multitasking personalities in shipping. He is fully committed to
promoting the agenda of quality, ethics, and onboard safety ships. He is a holder of Bachelors in Business Administration from Richmond
University, the American University in London, and Masters in Shipping from London Metropolitan University. 

16 

Christodoulos
Tzoutzakis Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer 

Christodoulos
Tzoutzakis is the Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Chief Technical Officer (CTO) of Elvictor Group. He has 24 years of experience in
the maritime sector. From 1996 to 2001, he worked as a Software Developer in Oceanmaris Management, who possessed a fleet of 18 multipurpose
vessels. From 2001 to 2013, he worked as a Senior Software Developer and IT Manager for DND Management shipping company, who possessed
a fleet of 12 dry cargo vessels. He joined Elvictor Greece in 2002, and in his current role he focuses on digital transformation of the
procedures of a company, while refining procedures that aim to lower human error and provide customer satisfaction. His involvement with
a variety of projects has given him a wide knowledge base of the maritime industry which makes him very versatile when coming up with
solutions on how to deal with the challenges found at the intersection of the maritime sector and the human resources sector. Mr. Tzoutzakis
has a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science and a Master s degree in Information Management and Analytics from Coventry University. 

Committees 

We
do not currently have an audit, compensation, or nominating committee. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
are currently no legal proceedings, as well as since the incorporation of the company on November 3, 2017, there have been no legal proceedings,
that are material to the evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, since the incorporation of the Company on November 3, 2017, none of our directors and executive officers
has: 

Had
 a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
 the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses. 

Been
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities. 

Been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been
 the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

17 

Code
of Ethics 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board approved the Company s Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policies. We have posted those documents
on our website at www.elvictorgroup.com. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Since
we do not have any securities registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange, our executive officers, directors and holders
of 10 or more of our shares of issued and outstanding Common Stock are not required to file reports pursuant to Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth all plan and non-plan compensation for the last two completed fiscal years paid to all individuals who served
as the Company s principal executive officer or acted in a similar capacity and the Company s two other most highly compensated
executive officers during the last completed fiscal year whose total compensation was in excess of 100,000, as required by Item 402(m)(2)
of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act Named Executive Officers ). Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer
was the only Named Executive Officer. 

Non-Equity 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Konstantinos
 Galanakis 
 2022 
 162,522 
 - 
 6,450 
 - 
 - 
 168,972 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 96,000 (3) 
 - 
 - (2) 
 - 
 - 
 96,000 

(1) Amounts
reported in this column do not reflect the amounts actually received by our named executive officer. Instead, these amounts reflect the
aggregate grant date fair value of each stock award granted to the named executive officer during the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 718. The stock-based compensation
is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award which is determined by the closing price of the Company s Common
Stock traded on the OTC markets on the grant date. 

(2) Excludes
common stock of 6,450 earned in 2021 but which was not paid to the reporting person until January 2022. 

(3) During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the reporting person voluntary agreed not to receive compensation for the first four months of 2021. 

18 

Executive
Employment Agreements and Arrangements 

The
Company did not have an employment agreement with Konstantinos Galanakis during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and no employment
agreement exists as of the date hereof. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 

There
are no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
table below sets forth the compensation paid to our directors other than Konstantinos Galanakis during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Fees Earned or 

Director 
 Paid in 
 Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Stavros Galanakis 
 61,980 
 6,450 
 - 
 68,430 (1) 

Lampros Theodorou 
 30,000 
 6,450 
 - 
 36,450 (2)(3) 

Further
to the above Directors Mr. Lampros Chachalis, Mr. Georgios Xiradakis and Mr. Theodoros Nikolopoulos served the Board of Directors from
the beginning of July 2020 until the end of April 2021. Each of Messrs. Chachalis, Xiradakis and Niklolopulos resigned from the Board
of Directors on April 27, 2021. Each received in January of 2022 common stock with a value of 6,450, for services provided in 2021,
as computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718, which represents the fair value as of grant date. 

(1) Mr.
Stavros Galanakis also served as executive officer and fees paid to him also includes compensation paid as an executive officer. 

(2) Mr.
Theodorou received in the first quarter of 2022 cash of 10,000 and common stock with a value of 6,450, for services provided in 2021,
as computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718. 

(3) 
 On January 3, 2023, a majority of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote voted to remove Lampros Theodorou as our Director. Lampros Theodorou s removal as our Director was not for cause and not the result of any disagreement with the Board of Directors or the management or otherwise in connection with our operations, policies or practices. The effective date of the removal was December 31, 2022. 

19 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock for: 

each person,
 or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

each of our executive officers; 

each of our directors;
 and 

all of our current executive
 officers and directors as a group 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including securities that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common
Stock shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Common
Stock subject to securities currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding
for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such securities and the percentage ownership of any group of which the holder
is a member but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Elvictor Group, Inc. Vassileos Constantinou
79, Vari, 16672, Attiki, Greece. 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 of Total Voting 

Shares 
 
 Power 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders: 

Executive Officers and Directors: 

Konstantinos Galanakis 
 217,838,487 
 52.56 
 52.56 
 
 Stavros Galanakis 
 156,421,400 
 37.74 
 37.74 
 
 Christodoulos Tzoutzakis 
 109,091 

Lampros Theodorou 
 150,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
 374,518,978 
 90.30 
 90.30 

Less
than 1 

20 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we were a party in which (i) the amount involved exceeded or
will exceed the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
and (ii) any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family
of, or person sharing the household with, any of the foregoing persons, who had or will have a direct or indirect material interest,
other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other similar arrangements, which are described under Executive
Compensation. 

Manning
Agency Agreement with Elvictor Crew Management Service Ltd 

On
September 11, 2020, the Company entered into a Manning Agency Agreement with Elvictor Crew Management Service Ltd (the Agent whereby we appointed the Agent as manning agent for the territory of Georgia. The Company is affiliated through ownership and control
with Elvictor Crew Management Service Ltd of Mr. Stavros Galanakis and his relatives. 

We
have agreed to pay the Agent a per-seaman agency fee and a per-seaman recruitment fee for new seaman hires. We also agreed to cover administrative
expenses with documented evidence or vouchers. The Manning Agency Agreement had a term until September 10, 2022 at which point it had
automatically been renewed for a successive period of one year since neither party provides written notice to terminate. 

Subcontracting
Agreement with Elvictor Crew Management Limited (Cyprus) 

On
October 1 st , 2020, the Company entered into a human resources agreement with Elvictor Crew Management Limited (the Subcontractor ),
company owned and controlled by relatives of Mr. Stavros Galanakis under which the latter performs the running and management of the
Company s contracts and (or) provides certain key personnel of the Subcontractor to be at the disposal of the Company. 

For the services provided the parties mutually agreed that the Subcontractor
is entitled to fees that will be determined on ad hoc basis. The agreement has an indefinite term, provided that it may be cancelled by
either party at any time with written notice provided sixty days prior to cancellation. 

Training
Services Agreement with Qualship Georgia Ltd 

On
September 1, 2020, the Company signed an agreement with Qualship Georgia Ltd, a company partially owned by Konstantinos Galanakis and
his relatives. Under the agreement the contractor is responsible for successful training of the qualified personnel. The agreement remains
in full force and effect for twelve months, with an automatic renewal thereafter, unless terminated before by the mutual agreement of
both parties. 

Software
License Agreement with Seatrix Software Production Single Member S.A. 

On April 1, 2021, we entered into a Software License Agreement with
the Licensor in order to have the rights to use crew software that facilitates our operations. On November 15, 2021 we proceeded with
the signing of another agreement that became effective on January 1, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, the Licensor
granted the Company the exclusive and non-transferable license to use the Licensor s artificial intelligence software in connection
with the managing of shipping crews. In consideration for this license, the Company agreed to issue to the Licensor 7,000,000 License
shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The License Shares were issued to the Licensor on January 19,
2022.Seatrix Software Production Single Member S.A. is a related party company fully owned and controlled by the Company s CEO,
Konstantinos Galanakis.

21 

Manning
Agency Agreement with Elvictor Shipping and Trading Odessa Ltd 

On
September 11, 2020, the Company entered into a Manning Agency Agreement with Elvictor Shipping and Trading Odessa Ltd (or the Elvictor
Odessa), a company fully owned and controlled by Mr. Stavros Galanakis. Elvictor Odessa provides manning services to the Company for
the territory of Ukraine. These operations have been reduced currently due to the war in the country of Ukraine and have been substituted
by and agreement with Elvictor Crew Management Service Ltd. 

Familial
Relationships 

Konstantinos
Galanakis, our Chief Executive Officer, is the son of Stavros Galanakis, the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
aggregate fees incurred for each of the last two years for professional services rendered by RBSM LLP the independent registered public
accounting firm for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K and review
of financial statements for its quarterly report (Form 10-QT) as well as for its predecessor, BF Borgers CPA, PC, are reported below. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

The total fees charged by RBSM LLP in 2022 aggregated 12,000 for the
review of the quarterly financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2022, plus an amount between 55,000 and 60,000 which
includes fees for the 2022 audited financial statements.

The total
fees charged by BF Borgers CPA, PC in 2022 and 2021 aggregated 70,500 and 96,800, respectively, which includes fees for the 2021 audited
financial statements and review of the quarterly financial statements for the periods ended March 31, June 30, September 30, and December
31, 2021 as well as for the periods March 31, June 30, 2022. 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no other fees billed for products or services provided by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

22 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial
Statements 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on those financial
statements, are hereby filed as part of this report beginning on page 13. 

Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Form 10-K filed on April 19, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Company s Form 10-K filed on April 19, 2021). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Elvictor Group, Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Konstantinos
 Galanakis 

Name: 
 Konstantinos Galanakis 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Konstantinos Galanakis 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Konstantinos Galanakis 
 
 (Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Stavros Galanakis 
 
 Vice
 President and Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Stavros Galanakis 

24 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_elvictorgroup.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit
21.1 

ELVICTOR
GROUP, INC. 

 List
of Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Elvictor Group Hellas Single
 Member S.A. 
 
 Greece 
 
 Ultra Shipmanagement Inc. 
 
 Marshall Island 
 
 ELVG Crew Management Ltd. 
 
 Cyprus 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_elvictorgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Konstantinos Galanakis, Chief Executive and
Financial Officer of Elvictor Group, Inc., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Elvictor Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors: 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Konstantinos Galanakis 

Konstantinos Galanakis 

Chief Executive and Financial
 Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_elvictorgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of Elvictor Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Konstantinos Galanakis, Chief Executive and Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Konstantinos Galanakis 

Konstantinos Galanakis 

Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 elvg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 elvg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 elvg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 elvg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 elvg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

