<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1417664_0001214659-23-004552.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5806460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>277949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1499425</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1501170</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1037845</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1346904</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004552.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331070201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004552
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Value Exchange International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417664
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		IRS NUMBER:				263767331
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53537
		FILM NUMBER:		23783155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 602 6/F BLOCK R
		STREET 2:		SHATIN INDUSTRIAL CENTRE 5-7 SHUN CIR.
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			NONE
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 2950 4288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 602 6/F BLOCK R
		STREET 2:		SHATIN INDUSTRIAL CENTRE 5-7 SHUN CIR.
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			NONE

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINO PAYMENTS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino Payments, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Soaring Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004552.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 p32923710k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
 or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , ,

, ., 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices; Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 x No . 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Exchange on which registered 
 
 NONE 
 ---- 
 ---- 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company .
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant's common stock held by
non-affiliates of the Registrant at June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed fiscal year) was
 million based upon the last sales price reported for such date on the OTC QB Venture Market. For purposes of this disclosure, shares
of common stock beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the Registrant and members of their families have been excluded
in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for other purposes.
The Registrant has no non-voting common stock. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. The trading symbol of the common stock is VEII. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page No. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 

SIGNATURES 

53 

3 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which are identified by the fact that they do
not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements often include words such as may, will, 
 estimate, intend, seek, expect, project, anticipate, 
 believe, plan, could, target, predict, likely, should, 
 forecast, outlook, model, continue, ongoing or other similar terminology.
Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions or projections concerning future results or events.
Forward-looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results and events to differ materially from those
indicated by those forward-looking statements. We cannot assure you that any of our expectations, estimates, assumptions or projections
will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from our expectations, estimates, assumptions
or projections include (i) the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and
(ii) the factors described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in
Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements relating to: 

our expectations regarding growth in the information technologies industries in China, Hong Kong and Philippines
or any other markets; 

our expectation regarding increasing demand for our products and services in China, Hong Kong, Philippines
and any new markets; 

any belief that we will be able to effectively compete with our competitors and increase our market share
in the face of possible technological advances or superior resources and market share by competitors, or aggressive pricing by competitors; 

our expectations with respect to increased revenue growth and our ability to achieve and sustain profitability
resulting from any increases in our productivity; 

our ability to fund operations and business and product growth and the availability of sufficient, affordable
funding when required; 

whether we can expand or operate successfully in a market outside of our traditional market of China and
Hong Kong; 

our ability to determine appropriate new products or services and then expand and fund our offerings of
products and services to new geographical markets and operate profitably in such new markets; 

the success and cost of new product or service initiatives in existing or new markets; 

the disruption or failure of
our or those of our customers computer systems, networks, information systems or
technologies that we install, service or maintain as a result of computer hacking, computer viruses, malware, cyber-attacks, 
misappropriation of data, outages, natural disasters and other material events; 

continuation of key strategic relationships, which can be essential for a small reporting company like
us; and 

our future business development, results of operations and financial condition. 

You should not place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. 

Certain numerical figures included in this Form
10-K may be subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, such numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic
aggregations of the figures that precede them. Also, forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the
date of this Form 10-K. You should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K completely
and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect or historical results. Except
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results
could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this Form 10-K to: 

Unless the context requires otherwise,
all references to we, our, us, VEII and Company refer to the Company
and its consolidated subsidiaries (unless stated otherwise or the context indicates otherwise) and Company s operating subsidiaries 
or its operating subsidiaries refers to Company s consolidated subsidiaries (as identified in the Corporate Organization
section of Item 1 Business below at page 6). References to China, PRC and Chinese refers
to People s Republic of China. References to Chinese government refers to PRC central government and Chinese
laws refers to PRC laws. Hong Kong as used below means the Hong Kong SAR. Hong Kong is a special administrative region
or SAR of China under the Basic Law, which is the constitution of Hong Kong as established as part of the
transfer of Hong Kong to China by the United Kingdom in 1997, and is treated as such in the disclosures below. However, the operational
risks faced by the Company and its subsidiaries and associated with China also apply to Company and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong due
to the demonstrated ability and willingness of the Chinese government to impose Chinese laws and policies in Hong Kong, even if those
actions are in conflict with the Basic Law. As such, Hong Kong is not independent of Chinese government control and influence and our
operations and assets in Hong Kong can be subjected to Chinese government regulation and decisions. 

4 

VEI CHN refers to Value
Exchange Int l (China) Limited, and its consolidated subsidiaries, namely Value Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited VEI
HKG and Cucumbuy.com Limited CUCUMBUY ), formerly known as Ke Dao Solutions Limited, both are companies incorporated
in Hong Kong as limited liability companies, and Value Exchange Int l (Shanghai) Limited VEI SHG ), a wholly Foreign
Owned Enterprise WFOE registered in Shanghai, PRC. VEI HKG, CUCUMBUY, all of which Hong Kong SAR subsidiaries are collectively
referred to as HKG subsidiaries and VEI SHG is referred to as PRC Subsidiary (collectively PRC Subsidiary
and HKG subsidiaries may be referred to as VEI CHN Group ). WFOE is a form of company owned by foreign investors recognized
under Chinese laws. 

References to OTCQB means
The OTC Markets Group, Inc. s QB Venture Market Tier, a national quotation system with web site at www.otcmarkets.com. 

References to the Bulletin Board 
and the OTC Bulletin Board are to the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, a securities quotation service, which is accessible
at the website http://www.finra.org/industry/otcbb/otc-bulletin-board-otcbb. 

References to PRC Subsidiary s
 registered capital are to the equity securities of PRC Subsidiary, which under PRC law is measured not in terms of shares
owned but in terms of the amount of capital that has been contributed to a company by a particular shareholder or all shareholders. The
portion of a limited liability company s total capital contributed by a particular shareholder represents that shareholder s
ownership of the company, and the total amount of capital contributed by all shareholders is the company s total equity. Capital
contributions are made to a company by deposits into a dedicated account in the company s name, which the company may access in
order to meet its financial needs. When a company s accountant certifies to PRC authorities that a capital contribution has been
made and the company has received the necessary government permission to increase its contributed capital, the capital contribution is
registered with regulatory authorities and becomes a part of the company s registered capital. 

IT Business means select
services and solutions in computer software programming and integration, and computer systems, Internet and information technology systems
engineering, consulting, administration, installation and maintenance, including e-commerce and payment processing to the Retail Sector. 

IT means information technologies,
which includes software programs and applications, computer and network hardware and systems, telecommunications systems and automation
technologies used in business, financial, commercial or information processing/database transactions, applications and purposes. IT 
services consist of software programming, hardware and network configuration, software and hardware maintenance/repair and upgrades, design
and engineering consulting, business and customer need analysis, administration of systems (including database management), repair and
maintenance and testing. 

POS means point of sale
computer programs and systems used to record retail or Internet sales, process payments and make corresponding inventory record adjustments.
POS systems can include cybersecurity or systems security technologies as well. 

Retail Sector means commercial
concerns selling products and/or services to the general public through brick and mortar stores and/or e-commerce web sites. 

All references to Renminbi 
or RMB are to the legal currency of China. 

All references to Hong Kong dollars or HK 
are to the legal currency of the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong. 

All references
to U.S. dollars, dollars, or are to the legal currency of the United States of America. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

SEC 
or Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

5 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Overview 

History of Value Exchange International,
Inc. 

History. We were incorporated
in the State of Nevada on June 26, 2007. We changed to our current corporate name, Value Exchange International, Inc. , on
December 5, 2017. 

Current Business Focus .
We are a provider of customer-centric technology solutions for the retail industry in Hong Kong SAR and certain regions of China and Philippines.
Due to impact of Coronavirus/COVID-19 pandemic COVID 19 pandemic and lack of adequate funding for business expansion into
Southeast Asia, our strategic plan to expand our business into Southeast Asia made no progress in fiscal year 2022. 

By integrating market-leading
Point-of-Sale/Point-of-Interaction POS/POI ), Merchandising, Customer Relations Management or CRM and related
rewards, Locational Based (GPS Indoor Positioning System IPS )) Marketing, Customer Analytics, Business Intelligence
solutions, our products and services are intended to provide retailers with the capability to offer a consistent shopping experience across
all channels, enabling them to easily and effectively manage the customer lifecycle on a one-to-one basis. We promote ourselves as a single
IT source for retailers who want to extend existing traditional transaction processing to multiple points of interaction, including the
Internet, kiosks and wireless devices. Our products and services are focused on helping retailers realize the full benefits of Customer
Chain Management with its suite of solutions that focus on the customer, on employees, and the infrastructure that supports the selling
channel. Company is headquartered in Hong Kong and with offices in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, China; Manila, Philippines;
and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

We believe that the IT Business
often presents opportunities to expand a provider s market reach or customer base by acquisitions of existing businesses or operating
assets. The Company s business strategy includes reviewing possible acquisitions of existing businesses or operating assets in existing
or adjacent markets and to do so when and if such an acquisition appears to be compatible and an enhancement of our core business lines
and can be consummated with available cash and other resources. Our ability to pursue and consummate acquisitions may be limited, and
has been limited, by available cash for mergers and acquisitions and other resources and the perceived cost and burdens of acquiring and
integrating the target business or new operating assets into our operations. The availability of funding and cash flow are the most significant
limitations on our ability to expand through acquisitions of businesses and assets both in terms of money on hand and ability
to finance acquisitions, but the estimated business hurdles in successfully penetrating a new market is also a factor in deciding whether
to proceed with that expansion. The limited liquidity and bid price of our Common Stock in the public stock market also hampers our ability
to use shares of Common Stock as attractive consideration to target companies in a merger or acquisition. 

Initial Business Focus .
Our initial intended, primary business was to operate a credit card processing and merchant-acquiring services company that provide credit
card clearing services to merchants and financial institutions in PRC. From inception, we strove unsuccessfully to create and establish
a proposed Global Processing Platform concept to support the credit card processing services SinoPay GPP ). Specifically,
the Company s Internet Protocol business was to be a provider of Internet Protocol IP processing services in Asia
to bank card-accepting merchants IP Business ). The Company efforts to establish a viable IP Business did not succeed. 

The acquisition of VEI CHN
in 2014 shifted the primary business focus to the IT Business because IT Business provided a more readily attainable revenue generating
business line and because of our strategic decision that IT Business presented a greater growth and profit potential than IP Business.
Further, we believe that the SinoGPP system would require ongoing and potentially expensive marketing and sales effort as well as extensive
technical upgrades and function enhancements due to the highly competitive market for Point Of Sale POS systems and longer
sales cycle for POS systems than IT Business project and consulting sales. VEI CHN was acquired in a stock-for-stock exchange VEI
CHN Share Exchange ). 

Smart Baggage Tags .
Through a cooperative effort with another company, Company has the ability to market a smart baggage tag that allows consumers to track
the location of their baggage through a smart phone or device using the smart baggage tag and related application. Efforts to promote
the smart baggage tag were suspended in 2021 and 2022 due to impact of COVID-19 pandemic on air travel. As of the filing of this Form
10-K, there are no current plans to make any dedicated marketing effort for expanding the market for or sales of the smart baggage tags
in 2023. 

6 

History of Value Exchange
Int l (China) Limited . VEI CHN was first established on November 16, 2001 in Hong Kong as a limited liability company. VEI
CHN is a holding company with two subsidiaries established in Hong Kong, namely TAP Services (HK) Limited which was incorporated on August
25, 2003 and acquired by VEI CHN on September 25, 2008, and subsequently changed to its current name as Value Exchange Int l (Hong
Kong) Limited VEI HKG on May 13, 2013, and Cucumbuy.com Limited CUCUMBUY ), which was incorporated on May
14, 2013 and disposed on May 21, 2018 with consideration of HK 1. VEI CHN also set up a Wholly-owned Foreign Enterprise (WOFE) in Shanghai,
PRC, in September 2, 2008 in the name of Value Exchange Int l (Shanghai) Limited VEI SHG ). In January 2017, VEI CHN
acquired TapServices, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines (the TSI ). Prior to
acquisition of TSI, the Company provided extensive consulting services to TSI and, from such relationship, the Company was familiar with
TSI operations. In January 2019, VEI SHG completed the setup procedures of a subsidiary with 51 ownership in Hunan, PRC, in the name
of Value Exchange Int l (Hunan) Limited VEI HN ). In February 2020, VEI SHG completed the setup procedures of a subsidiary
with 51 ownership in Shanghai, PRC, in the name of Shanghai Zhaonan Hengan Information Technology Co., Limited SZH ). In
January 2022, VEI HKG completed the setup procedures of a subsidiary with 100 ownership in Shenzhen, PRC, in the name of Haomeng Technology
(Shenzhen) Co., Limited. HTS ). 

Principal business of VEI and its Subsidiaries 

VEII is a holding company
for its operating subsidiaries. VEI CHN operations are the primary operations of the Company. The principal business of VEI CHN for more
than 15 years is to provide the IT Business (consisting of select services and solutions in computer software programming and integration,
and computer systems, Internet and information technology systems engineering, consulting, administration, installation and maintenance,
including e-commerce and payment processing) to the Retail Sector, primarily to retailers in Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and PRC and as more
fully described below. As is customary in the industry, such services and solutions are provided by both company employees, contractors
and consultants. The primary services and products of the IT Business are: 

a) Systems maintenance and related service 

VEI CHN Group provides development
and customization of software and hardware, enhancements thereto and maintenance services for installed POS system. VEI CHN Group markets,
sells and maintains its own brand POS software edgePOS as well as third party brands (e.g. NCR/Retalix), which is one of the leading
POS software programs in the Chinese-Hong Kong market. These software enhancements and programming can integrate with different IP systems. 

Systems maintenance services
consist of: i) software maintenance service, including software patches and software code revisions; ii) installing, testing and implementing
software; iii) training of customer personnel for the use of software; and iv) technical support for software systems. 

Other services include system
installation and implementation, including i) project planning; ii) analysis of customer information and business needs from a IT perspective System Analysis iii) design of the entire system; iv) hardware and consumables selection advice and sales; and v) system
hardware maintenance. These services typically consist of customer projects for New Store Opening NSO and Install, Move,
Add and Change IMAC for retail, and ad-hoc custom system projects for other business sectors. Our primary focus is the
retail sector in Hong Kong, PRC and Philippines. 

b) Systems development and integration 

VEI CHN Group provides value-added
software, which integrates with customer owned or licensed software, and ad-hoc software development projects for other business sectors.
Besides use of proprietary, custom software code, our services may from time to time license standard third party software programs. 

Business partner and customers 

The main business partner
of the IT Business group is the Chinese and Hong Kong subsidiary operations WN of Diebold Nixdorf Inc. (formerly, Wincor
Nixdorf AG , a German public company), a U.S.-German public company subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, DN ).
Since 1990 s, VEI CHN Group served the AS Watson Group, a retail conglomerate including Watsons, Parknshop and Fortress, directly
and through a sub-contracting arrangement with WN in the China-Hong Kong region. This contributes almost half of the gross sales revenue
each year to VEI CHN. 

In recent years, VEI CHN has
striven to broaden its clientele in retail sector and to other business sectors. VEI CHN Group secured a number of service contracts for
leading retail groups, Robinson Retails Group in Philippines and Dairy Farm in Hong Kong. PCCW, a leading telecommunication company in
Hong Kong, and Inland Revenue Department of the Hong Kong Government have also become major customers of the VEI CHN Group. The focus
on expanding clientele in the retail sector is a current priority of Company s growth strategy. 

7 

The annual sales of VEI CHN
Group have been increasing over the past few years in its IT Business by expanding its customer base and its scope of services. VEI CHN
Group solution now runs in over 10,000 POS in the region and provides a solid foundation to VEII s services for IP systems. Also,
VEI CHN Group is seeking to leverage its existing POS solution customer base to expand into the mobile Customer Relationship Management
and Rewards market. The importance of the mobile market in commerce is globally recognized. Even through the Mobile Customer Relationship
Management and Rewards programs has not produced any significant revenues to the VEI CHN Group, the programs seek to exploit the increasing
use of mobile devices to shop and purchase products and services, to sustain consumer loyalty by rewards for repeat purchases by mobile
devices and to permit companies to develop consumer profile databases used to fashion targeted marketing to the consumers based on purchasing
habits. We provide no assurances that we will be able to develop a profitable or significant mobile market program or operation. Further,
mobile applications and products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective
for their intended purposes. Mobile application products and services may have multiple layers of hardware, sensors, processors, software,
and firmware, several of which we may not develop or control. Each layer, including the weakest layer, can impact the security of the
whole system. 

We will evaluate the merits
of this business and growth strategy from time to time and may elect in the future to continue our IT Business focus, or focus more on
one segment than the other, including seek business opportunities in the applications of digital technology which we believe can raise
our customers competitive edge leading to possible increase in market share and profitability in their business sectors. Any change
in business focus will be based on current economic conditions, competitive environment, our available cash and infrastructure resources,
current customer demand trends and financial results of each segment of our post-VEI CHN Share Exchange business plan. As of the date
of the filing of this Form 10-K, we are pursuing our emphasis on IT Business in our core Hong Kong SAR and PRC market while also exploring
expansion opportunities in adjacent Asia Pacific markets. Our ability to exploit adjacent market opportunities for expansion will be limited
and governed by available, affordable funding and cash flow as well as consideration of business and regulatory hurdles in penetrating
a new market. 

8 

Health and Cosmetic Retailer
Agreement. On February 16, 2018, VEI SHG, signed a January 24, 2018 stores equipment support agreement Agreement with
the largest health care and beauty retailer Retailer in China. Under the Agreement, the Retailer has contracted for site
and preventive maintenance and support for computer and point of sale systems Systems as well as new store and store renovation
install and migration services for Systems from the VEI SHG. The Agreement is non-exclusive, covers Retailer s stores in the northern
and eastern region of China and runs through since December 2019. In March 2020, a renewal agreement signed with the Retailer, and related
service extended to March 31, 2023. 

In fiscal year 2022, VEI SHG
realized 4.35 million in gross revenues from the work under the Agreement. 

9 

CORPORATE STRUCTURE 

Our corporate organizational
chart, as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

Note a: The remaining 49 share equity of VEI HN is owned by Li Gongyuan,
a Chinese national. 

 Note b: The remaining 49 share equity of SZH is owned by Shanghai
Nanan Cosmeceutical Technology Development Limited, a Chinese company, which 54.6 share is effectively controlled by Li Chengliang, a
Chinese national. 

Marketin g 

Marketing activities are designed
to inform potential clients about the benefits of using our services and include and will include the following: face-to-face sales and
marketing (including online presentations); development and distribution of marketing literature; direct mail and email; advertising;
promotion of our web site; attendance at trade shows or product seminars; and industry analyst relations campaign. 

Sales are managed at the
subsidiary level by each subsidiary. The Company has a Sales and Marketing team in each regional office of its existing China/Hong Kong
and Manilla markets to promote and maintain good business relationships with our customers. We strive to provide high quality and fast
response services to our customers in our Help Centre, Maintenance Support Team and Professional IT Engineer to help customers solve their
problems and satisfy their IT needs. 

VEI CHN Group has been serving
in IT Business sectors for over 15 years, focusing on POS maintenance and support to retail sector. The VEI CHN Group will continue its
key business and seek to expand its client base to gain more market share in PRC, Hong Kong, and certain other areas of Asia Pacific.
VEII may consider acquiring companies in the Asia Pacific region with similar business, subject to financial wherewithal to do so and
subject to a suitable and affordable acquisition opportunity. The perceived cost of market penetration will also be a factor in deciding
whether to pursue any acquisition opportunities, which calculation includes strength of competition and other business hurdles as well
as regulatory hurdles in establishing a new market. While the Company has secured a convertible credit line for 1.5 million in late January
2023 and revolving credit line for 1 million in July 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries do not currently have ready access to funding
dedicated for acquisitions and would have to locate sufficient, affordable funding to pursue any acquisition or merger with a significant
cash consideration requirement. Funding from the credit lines is primarily dedicated as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K to
operating expenses and business development of operations in existing markets. The Company evaluates the use of funding from credit lines
from time to time and the use of proceeds, which may include business expansion, may be applied to future expansion into new markets in
the future. The Company and its subsidiaries may be unable to locate the funding, whether equity or increased debt funding, needed to
consummate a merger or acquisition requiring a significant cash consideration or significant post-acquisition working capital, especially
since the Company is a small reporting company with a penny stock common stock that is not typically suitable for significant
equity funding and Company lacks the tangible assets usually required for securing significant debt financing. 

10 

We use strategic partnerships
as another way of marketing and selling our IT Business. The operating subsidiaries will also cooperate with strategic partners in the
local markets to secure and provide maintenance services to major retail customers and as a basis for attempting to expand our business
in our markets. In fiscal year 2022, we had over 10 strategic partner arrangements engaged in providing our services to customers in our
China/Hong Kong markets. 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive,
customer-driven industry and we compete against a variety of local and regional competitors of varying operational sizes, product/service
offerings and resources. In some instances, our competitors have greater market share and consumer loyalty and brand-name recognition,
fewer regulatory burdens, easier access to financing (whether debt or equity funding and greater and easier access to equity funding through
sales of their equity securities to the public), greater operating resources, greater operating capabilities and efficiencies of scale
(including technology personnel, research and development capabilities, joint venture partners and marketing-sales channels), longstanding
relationships with regulatory authorities and customers, more customers, and more flexibility to offer discounted services or products. 

We face significant competition
from large multinational service providers, such as DN, NCR, Fujitsu IBM, Toppan Forms and large national companies, such as Octopus card,
an electronic payment in online or offline system in Hong Kong. Though VEI CHN Group faces keen competition in the maintenance service
market, it believes that it has a well-trained technical team that offers services to the satisfaction of our customers, and as is the
case with many smaller companies in the IT segment, we believe we can offer more customized and cost effective services to certain customers
than larger competitors. Without extensive teaming with strategic partners, we lack the capabilities to compete directly with larger competitors
in projects or work requiring capabilities of a large company. This can from time to time limit the number and nature projects that we
can pursue or handle. VEII may also experience a competitive disadvantage in bids or prospective work where extensive and broad prior
projects in certain areas of IT are required to bid and to win bids. An instance of such a competitive disadvantage would be technical
work in which we do not have extensive prior experience and cannot attain the required technical proficiency, or we do not have a prior
relationship with the customer in question. 

We also face competition from companies that are
of comparable size and resources. In such competition, price and scope of services or qualification of personnel often determines the
winning provider. Competition for qualified personnel is an ongoing and significant challenge faced by all companies in the IT Business
industry. 

Preservation and growth of our business depends
on maintaining sufficient, competent staff and attractive pricing. 

Some of our competitors in
our industry have substantially greater capital and technical resources than we have and, operate as subsidiaries of financial institutions
or bank holding companies, which may allow them on a consolidated basis to own and conduct depository and other banking activities that
we do not have the regulatory authority to own or conduct. Since they are affiliated with financial institutions or banks, these competitors
do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a bank for registration with card networks and they can settle transactions
quickly for their own merchants. We do not, however, currently contemplate pursuing an acquisition or strategic relationship with a financial
institution in order to increase our competitiveness and such an acquisition or strategic relationship is not prominent in our current
business and growth strategy. Our current operational focus is to improve the efficiency and profitability of existing IT Business. 

Cybersecurity and Security of Computer Networks 

We maintain certain computer
networks, computer systems and databases in connection with our business operations and services. We use readily available third party
security programs to protect these systems and databases and we periodically review security measures. Any security system or program
may be vulnerable to hacking or security breaches, especially since hacking and malicious programs are constantly evolving to overcome
new security measures. Like any company s computer and network systems and databases, our systems and databases could be vulnerable
to security hacking or malicious programs. We may also be vulnerable to security leaks and violations by employees and contractors, which
is a threat faced by all IT Business companies. We have not experienced any significant security breaches or problems as of the date of
filing of this Form 10-K. VEII technical staff typically evaluates cybersecurity and security measures from time to time as new threats
become known to us. 

11 

There can be no assurance
that our efforts to protect our computer systems, networks and other information systems will prevent any of the problems identified as
cyber security attacks or problems. The problem of this type might be caused by events such as computer hacking, computer viruses, worms
and other destructive or disruptive software, cyber-attacks and other malicious activity, defects in the hardware and software
comprising our network and information systems, as well as natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks and similar events. Such
events could have an adverse impact on us and our customers, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume
to help centers and damage to our or customers equipment and data. Operational or business delays for our operations or customer
operations may result from the disruption of computer systems, network or information systems and the subsequent remediation activities.
These events may create negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with customers and our results of operations could
suffer. Since we provide computer, software and system services and products to customers, cyber security attacks on our computer systems,
networks and other information systems may affect our customers computer systems, networks and other information systems and produce
liabilities on our part to such customers. 

Due to the evolving and often
very sophisticated nature of cyber security threats, cyber security is an ongoing challenge for all IT Business companies like us. Even
the most diligent compliance with industry standards for cybersecurity can fail to defeat all cyber security attacks. 

Key Personnel 

The following personnel are
considered critical to our operations: Kenneth Tan and Benny Lee, who provide executive management services and strategic direction. Mr.
Lee serves as a director of VEI SHG. We do not have key man insurance to fund replacement of any key personnel. We also frequently use
third party consultants acting as independent contractors to assist in the completion of various projects, which consultants are usually
hired on a project-by-project basis. Third parties are instrumental to keep the development of projects on time and on budget. Reliance
on independent contractors is common in technology services businesses. We do not anticipate and have not experienced any significant
problem in securing needed technical expertise, but the inability to secure needed technical expertise is a risk faced by IT service companies
like our company. 

The Company has not developed
a formal succession plan in the event of the retirement, disability or death of key personnel. In the event of the loss of the services
of any key personnel, the Company would in all likelihood be forced to recruit an outside person to fill a key personnel position or rely
on existing officers to perform the duties of key personnel. The Company may lack sufficient cash and benefits to attract qualified personnel
for key personnel positions. 

A common problem in our industry
is key or important contractors and employees being lured to more attractive or lucrative work opportunities. VEII cannot typically match
the level and scope of financial incentives offered by larger competitors to workers. VEII has to rely on active recruitment coupled with
offering projects that match workers skills and interests as well as providing an appealing work environment and competitive base
compensation in order to maintain or create an adequate work force on a project-by-project basis. VEII adopted a 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan in 2022, but VEII has not issued any stock-based compensation under that plan as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. Company
will evaluate the need or benefit of granting incentive company under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan in 2023. Since the Company s
Common Stock is a penny stock, incentive compensation may not be a significant benefit to attract or retain personnel. 

Insurance 

Except the Company s
subsidiaries in (i) PRC are required to cover its employees with medical, retirement and unemployment insurance programs, and (ii) Hong
Kong are required to cover its employees with labor insurance programs under the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC and in Hong
Kong, we do not maintain other insurance. Because we may not have sufficient insurance, if we are made a party to a liability legal action,
we may not have sufficient funds to defend the litigation or may suffer another liability. If that occurs a judgment or liability that
is not covered by any insurance or covered by available cash or funding, could cause us to cease or reduce operations. We did not experience
any significant claims against our insurance in fiscal year 2022. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to U.S. federal
securities laws and the corporate laws of the State of Nevada. With respect to regulation of our IT Business, especially in segments related
to the Internet, the Internet is increasingly popular and essential on a global basis and is subject to changing and sometimes expanding
regulation. As a result, it is possible that a number of international and local laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to the
Internet applications and transactions, including ones used in or serviced by our service. These laws may cover issues such as user privacy,
freedom of expression, pricing, content and quality of products and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and
information security. Furthermore, the growth of electronic commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws. Existing
and future laws and regulations governing the privacy of end users or their customers information is or may become part of the
regulatory burden of conducting our business lines. We do not provide our services in the U.S. as of the date of this Form 10-K, but the
global nature of the Internet and e-commerce and financial transactions means that any company may become subject from time to time to
U.S. or foreign laws on privacy, financial regulation, business regulation or tax law. 

12 

We are not certain how our
existing business may be affected by the application of existing, evolving laws, or extension of foreign laws to our operations and, governing
issues such as property ownership, copyrights, encryption and other intellectual property issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and export
or import matters. The vast majority of such laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet or are typically aimed at Internet
providers or Internet IT companies with international operations. However, we may become subject and affected by Internet related laws
and regulation in the future, especially in China and Hong Kong where the Chinese government has a heightened concern about national security
threats through the Internet. Changes in laws intended to address such issues could create uncertainty in the Internet market place, including
areas affecting our business lines. Such uncertainty could reduce demand for services or increase the cost of doing business as a result
of litigation or regulatory costs or increased service delivery costs. In addition, because our services could be available over the Internet
in multiple states and foreign countries, other jurisdictions may claim that we are required to qualify to do business in each such state
or foreign country. Our failure to qualify a business in a jurisdiction where it is required to do so could subject it to taxes and penalties.
It could also hamper our ability to enforce contracts in such jurisdictions. The application of laws or regulations from jurisdictions
whose laws do not currently apply to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Like many companies, and from
time to time, the Company may review the economic and tax advantages of various jurisdictions for businesses like the Company business
in order to determine if there are any significant long-term advantages in relocating or expanding the Company operations to another jurisdiction,
whether in whole or in part. Any such review is part of the customary strategic planning of the Company. 

As a U.S. incorporated company,
we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of
payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our activities in Asia create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by consultants
or agents of our company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage
these practices by our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and consultants,
sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe
criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. The U.S. government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability for any FCPA violations committed
by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act . HFCAA PCAOB Vacates Determination regarding
Inability to Fully Investigate and Inspect Chinese and Hong Kong Auditors. On December 15, 2022, the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board or PCAOB announced it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate public audit firms in the China
and Hong Kong SAR for the first time. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations that it was unable
to fully inspect and investigate Chinese and Hong Kong public auditors of companies reporting under the Exchange Act. As
originally enacted, the HFCAA required the SEC to initially prohibit trading in the securities of an issuer that is a Commission-identified
issuer for three consecutive years. On December 29, 2022, the President signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2023,
which, among other things, amends the HFCAA to reduce this timeframe from three consecutive years to two consecutive years. On December
18, 2022, the SEC announced that due to the December 15, 2022 action by the PCAOB, and until such time as the PCAOB issues any
new determination, there are no SEC-reporting companies at risk of having their securities subject to a trading prohibition under the
HFCAA. As such, as of the date of this filing of this Form 10-K, the Company is not a Commission Identified Issuer under the HFCAA and
is not subject to having its Common Stock delisted under HFCAA. 

The following is a discussion
of events prior to the SEC December 18, 2022 determination that there were no longer any Commission-identified issuers subject to HFCAA
and possible delisting of their equity securities on U.S. public markets. 

Prior Developments under
HFCAA and Related SEC Rules . As of May 13, 2022, the SEC conclusively identified the Company as a Commission Identified Issuer under
the HFCAA and underlying SEC rules. As a result of our identification as a Commission Identified Issuer, our Common would have been delisted
from the OTCQB if Company s current public auditor was not able to be fully audited and inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive
fiscal years (shortened to two years by the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2023), commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021, and listing and trading in Company our Common Stock would have been prohibited in United States as early as 2024. Our current public
auditor was identified by the PCAOB as being an auditor that cannot be fully audited and investigated by the PCAOB due to Chinese government
policies. The risks and uncertainty associated with being identified as a Commission Identified Issuer and possible delisting of our Common
Stock under the HFCAA could have had a negative impact on investors confidence in our Common Stock as an investment and thereby
adversely impacted the price of our Common Stock, which adverse impact could have resulted in volatility in trading price of our Common
Stock or possibly rendered illiquid an investment in our Common Stock. 

13 

Compromise by PCAOB and
China on HFCAA. On August 26, 2022, the SEC issued a Statement on Agreement Governing Inspections and Investigations of Audit Firms
Based in China and Hong Kong August 26, 2022 Compromise ). Under the August 26, 2022 Compromise, the PCAOB, China Securities
Regulatory Commission CSRC ), and Ministry of Finance of People s Republic of China established a framework that allowed
the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. The PCAOB began efforts in the
last calendar quarter of 2022 to investigate and audit public auditors in China and Hong Kong in accordance with the August 26, 2022 Compromise
and, as discussed above, PCAOB determined that it could fully investigate and audit Chinese and Hong Kong public auditors in December
2022. 

Chinese and Hong Kong Business
Permits and Regulation. As a general business legal requirement, Company s Chinese subsidiaries are required to obtain a business
license from the State Administration for Market Regulation SAMR ). Each of our Chinese subsidiaries has obtained a valid
business license from the SAMR, and no application for any such license has been denied. Further, to operate our general business activities
currently conducted in China, our relevant Chinese subsidiaries may also be required to obtain other permits from the Chinese government.
Company s Chinese subsidiaries have obtained the necessary permits applicable to them and no application for such permits has been
denied by authorities. Our Hong Kong and Philippines subsidiaries likewise have all local government permits to operate their respective
businesses. As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have obtained all licenses and permits
required to conduct their respective businesses in all jurisdictions in which those businesses are conducted. Further, except for grants
or awards of equity based incentive compensation to Chinese nationals employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which has not
occurred as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company has all necessary permits and licenses from Chinese and Hong Kong
governments to issue securities to foreign investors. Any permits or licenses necessary to operation of the Company and its subsidiaries
that are not usual and customary business licenses and permits required of all for-profit businesses in the locality in question are described
in this section. 

With respect to Chinese and
Hong Kong requirements for business or other operational approvals, permits, licenses, or registration requirements necessary to operate
our businesses in China and Hong Kong (collectively, Permits ), the Company and its subsidiaries have not historically been
adversely affected by any difficulty, delay or failure to obtain required Permits. However, we cannot predict the effect that the compliance
with Chinese and Hong Kong laws and regulations and changes in those laws and regulations may have on our ability to obtain required Permits
in the future, especially in light of increasing Chinese government intervention and unilateral modification of Hong Kong laws, regulations
and policies. 

Based on consultation with
Company s Hong Kong legal counsel as to Chinese and Hong Kong laws, the Company does not believe that: (1) the laws and regulations
of China have had an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations in Hong Kong in fiscal year 2022, (2)
that Company has a requirement to obtain any permission or approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ),
Cyberspace Administration of China CAC or any other regulatory authority in China for the Company or subsidiary operations
for the trading of our common stock or other securities on the OTCQB and the issuance of our securities to foreign investors, except,
based on guidance from our Hong Kong legal counsel, that: the Chinese government s Central State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE adopted regulations in 2007 that require the registration with SAFE of any grants of equity based incentive compensation
to Chinese nationals employed by a foreign (non-Chinese) company with its securities listed on a foreign exchange or employed by a Chinese
subsidiary of such a foreign listed company. Chinese nationals serving as officers and directors are included in the definition of Chinese
employees. Grants to non-Chinese nationals or a permanent residency permit in another country do not require approval or registration
under the 2007 regulations. Under 2012 regulations adopted by SAFE for equity-based grants to Chinese employees by foreign companies with
securities listed on foreign exchanges: (1) the scope of registration includes grants or issuances of stock options, stock purchase rights,
stock appreciation rights, phantom awards, performance awards, restricted stock (units) and a catch-all other type of awards 
to Chinese employees to be registered with SAFE; and (2) nationals of Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan working for the foreign company in China
may be included, but are not required to be included, in the registration with SAFE. The registration is filed in the SAFE office in the
province in which the foreign company s Chinese subsidiary is located. The main purpose of the 2007 and 2012 regulations is to allow
the Chinese government to monitor incentive compensation received by Chinese nationals from foreign companies with securities listed on
foreign exchanges. The Company adopted an incentive plan in July 2022, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan Plan ), but has not
granted or issued any equity based grants or awards under the Plan. The Company will register any equity-based grants or awards under
the Plan to Chinese employees (including officers and directors) prior to approving any such grants or awards. Registration of awards
to Chinese employees will also require the Company to file quarterly and annual reports on equity-based awards to Chinese employees with
SAFE as well as renew the SAFE registration of the equity based plan on an annual basis. 

Based on guidance from Hong
Kong legal counsel to the Company, the Company and its operations are not subject to and not impacted by the Chinese cybersecurity-data
laws described in this Chinese and Hong Kong Business Permits and Regulation in 2022. The Company and its subsidiaries in China
and Hong Kong do not collect the kind of data or act as a data center for information that is the focus of and under the purview of the
Chinese national security and cybersecurity laws. Due to the uncertainty of the application or changes in law and regulation in China
and Hong Kong, there is no assurance that the Company or its Chinese or Hong Kong operations will not become subject to Chinese cybersecurity-data
laws. 

14 

The impact of Chinese laws
and regulations on the Company and its Hong Kong operations and subsidiaries are subject to the uncertainties created by the Chinese government s
growing intervention and imposition of Chinese laws, regulations and policies, in Hong Kong since 2017 and Chinese government s
willingness to ignore or invalidate conflicting Hong Kong laws, regulations and policies. See following risk factors in Item 1A
Risk Factors for potential impact of possible changes in the impact of Chinese laws, regulations and policies on the Company and its Hong
Kong and Chinese subsidiaries: We operate primarily in Hong Kong SAR and China are subject to significant political and economic
uncertainties if Chinese government significantly alters the laws governing Hong Kong, page 18; Chinese Government or Hong Kong
Government may restrict our ability to transfer cash held in or from operations in China or Hong Kong . , at page 18; and Investors
may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China or
Hong Kong based upon U.S. laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws, against us or our directors and executive
officers who reside in China or Hong Kong, at age 18. 

Employees 

We have more than 300 full
time employees as of December 31, 2022, including officers of the Company and including employees and officers of VEI CHN and its subsidiaries.
There is no labor dispute affecting our operations and Company believes it has good relationship with its work force. Our employees are
not organized into a labor union. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. Any investor should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included
in this Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition
or results of operations could suffer or be undermined. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and any investor
may lose all or part of the investor s investment. You should read the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such
statements in the context of this Form 10-K. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

A substantial amount of our sales revenue
is derived from sales to a limited number of customers, and our business will suffer if sales to these customers decline. We have
derived a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue was
concentrated in our largest customer that accounted for approximately 22.3 of annual revenues. As of December 31, 2022, 46,788 or 4.1 
of our accounts receivable, was due from our largest customer. We do not have long term contractual arrangements or regular negotiation
with most of these customers. The loss of one or more of these customers could damage our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We are endeavoring but may not succeed expanding our customer base in order to reduce reliance on major customers. We do not
conduct business in U.S.A. or European Union, which are major markets for IT Business. As a smaller IT Business, the loss of a single
significant customer can have significant, adverse impact on our business and financial conditions, especially since we lack the resources
to aggressively, effectively compete for new clients against larger competitors. 

Impact of Coronavirus/COVID-19. By
late December 2019, China advised the World Health Organization WHO of a new strain of the coronavirus had arisen in Wuhan,
China and spread throughout China. From China, Coronavirus/COVID-19 COVID 19 has spread by March 2020 to almost all other
parts of the developed world, including Hong Kong SAR, the Philippines and the United States. On January 30, 2020, WHO declared the outbreak
of COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, and then, on March 11, 2020, declared the COVID-19 outbreak
as a pandemic . 

As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K,
our operations are located primarily in Hong Kong with other operations in China and Philippines. Spikes in COVID 19 new case infections
continued from time to time in Hong Kong and in parts of China in 2022. While new COVID 19 cases in Hong Kong have dropped to no new reported
cases in February 2023 (according to Hong Kong government) and Hong Kong has eased some COVID 19 restrictions in February and March 2023,
and Hong Kong has a high first and second doses of COVID 19 vaccination rates (above 90 of adults), and China has ramped up efforts to
get older citizens vaccinated in 2023 (according to World Health Organization), the ability of COVID 19 to rapidly develop new variants
with differing vulnerability to existing vaccinations makes COVID 19 an ongoing risk to disrupt our business operations, especially in
terms of in-person direct sales and marketing efforts to increase or sustain business with customers and win new customers. Due to the
unpredictability of COVID 19 mutations, it is uncertain what the full lasting and long term impact of COVID-19 on the future business
of the Company and the impact on the demand for IT services in the Company s key markets of Hong Kong, China and Philippines. As
of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the adverse impact on usual and customary business development efforts are generally easing
in Hong Kong. The Company has not experienced significant disruptions in operations in 2022 from COVID 19 pandemic, which has mostly impacted
efforts to meet and pitch existing customers and new prospective customers about using our services or products. 

15 

While we have not experienced a significant loss
of personnel from COVID 19 pandemic as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, this pandemic, which may impact areas in waves and
not in a single occurrence, or may mutate into a vaccine resistant strain, may cause a shortage of qualified personnel. Adequacy of qualified
staffing is key to maintenance and growth of our IT Business and our IT Business is key to our financial condition and performance. While
performing work by staffs in parts of the world outside of our key markets is a possible solution to any shortages of qualified staff
in our key markets, we have not yet developed a contingency plan for remote personnel support of our IT Business or devoted resources
to that endeavor. We have no significant experience in using personnel outside of our current market regions. 

Our success depends on certain key personnel.
We rely on highly skilled and qualified personnel, and if we are unable to continue to attract and retain such qualified personnel it
will adversely affect our business. Our performance to date has been and will continue to be largely dependent on the talents,
efforts and performance of our senior management and key technical personnel, who generally have, in our opinion, significant experience
with our company and substantial relationships and reputations within the industry of our services. Certain of our executive officers
and top technical personnel may enter into employment and noncompetition agreements. However, while it is customary in the industry to
use employment agreements as a method of retaining the services of key executive personnel, these agreements do not guarantee us the continued
services of such employees. We do not currently have an employment agreement with our key personnel, or with most of our key technical
and engineering personnel. The loss of our executive officers or our other key personnel, particularly with little or no notice, could
cause delays on business developments and projects and could have an adverse impact on our customers and industry relationships, our business,
operating results or financial condition. While we may rely on independent contractors or consultants for technical needs, we may also
experience an inability to hire such expertise in the future. The job market for experienced IT personnel is competitive in PRC and Hong
Kong, our primary markets, as well as globally. We also lack the resources or funding to match more established competitors compensation
packages for the kind of personnel that is critical to our company s survival and success. 

Our success depends to a significant extent on
our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified creative, technical and managerial personnel or to contract with such
personnel as independent contractors. We expect competition for personnel with the specialized technical skills needed to create our products
and provide our services will continue to intensify in our business because commerce s reliance on technology increases in order
to meet the competitive need for operational efficiencies and related automation and connectivity. We plan to hire individuals on a project-by-project
basis, and individuals who work on one or more projects for us may not be available to work on future projects. If we have difficulty
identifying, attracting, hiring, training and retaining such qualified personnel, or incur significant costs in order to do so, our business
and financial results could be negatively impacted. 

The Company has not developed a succession plan
for key personnel and does not have key man life insurance. While VEII has adopted the Plan for incentive compensation, it has not issued
any incentive compensation as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. The Company will evaluate issuance of incentive compensation
in 2023. 

Our successful pursuit of profitable business
faces various risks and challenges, including: 

A lessening of the impact
of spikes in infections in the COVID 19 pandemic in China, Hong Kong and Philippines economies and mitigation of any possible loss of
or shortage of qualified personnel due to illness from COVID-19 is a key factor; 

the success of our business will be primarily dependent on customer acceptance of our services and products,
which is extremely difficult to predict, and our ability to obtain affordable, adequate funding to support efforts to promote our services
and products and fund any expansion of business. As a microcap with a lightly traded stock, we have to rely on private placements of stock
or debt funding to acquire working capital for expansion of business. While we have obtained two credit lines, there is no assurance that
these credit lines will adequately or timely fund any urgent need to develop and sustain new services or products; 

achieving sustainable operating revenues in our core IT Business that is sufficient to support our business
without equity or debt funding; 

the business can be capital-intensive in terms of labor costs and our capacity to generate cash from our
operations may be insufficient to meet our anticipated capital requirements, especially the capital needs of penetrating new markets and
developing our services to meet customer demands; 

technological developments could render obsolete our technologies, services and products and undermine
our services and products in the industry and we may be unable to license or acquire the new technologies, services and products; 

the need to access expertise and technical resources in each market in which we may operate presents high
capital costs that may be beyond our ability to fund as such, we may be unable to bid for highly profitable, but high labor cost,
projects or contract opportunities, which inability can limit our growth and profitability potential; 

we may be unable to compete for or afford key personnel in our industry that pays a premium for talent,
especially since our common stock has a limited market price and limited liquidity; 

16 

a shortage of qualified personnel, could delay or halt our business operations; 

technologies and customer tastes and demands can shift or change unexpectedly in the rapidly evolving
IT industry and we may lack the wherewithal to respond to such changes; and 

acquisitions we pursue in our industry and related industries could result in operating difficulties,
dilution to our shareholders and other consequences harmful to our business. Integration of new acquisitions can undermine an acquiring
company s business strengths by diluting resources and manpower and imposing operational losses. 

As part of our growth strategy,
and if we attain adequate funding as well as stability and profitability in our core business, we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions
in our industry and related industries. We may not be able to consummate such acquisitions, or efficiently integrate new businesses into
our existing business, which could adversely impact our growth. The penny stock status of our common stock does not allow
our company readily access public capital markets for funding. If we do consummate acquisitions, integrating an acquired company, business
or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 

increased expenses due to transaction and integration costs; 

potential liabilities of the acquired businesses; 

potential adverse tax and accounting effects of the acquisitions; 

diversion of capital and other resources from our existing business; 

diversion of our management s attention during the acquisition process and any transition periods; 

loss of key employees and key customers of the acquired businesses following the acquisition or inability
of existing management to manage newly acquired businesses; and 

inaccurate budgets and projected financial statements due to inaccurate valuation assessments of the acquired
businesses. 

There can be no assurance that we can successfully
achieve any or all of the above initiatives in the manner or time period that we expect. Furthermore, achieving these objectives will
require investments which may result in short-term costs without generating any current revenues and therefore may be dilutive to our
earnings. We cannot provide any assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits we expect our strategy will
achieve. The failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We may need additional and ongoing financing
to fund our operations or to acquire or start new operations or business lines, which financing we may not be able to obtain on acceptable
terms or at all, especially as a microcap, smaller company. Additional capital raising efforts in future periods will be dilutive to our
then current stockholders or result in increased interest expense and debt load in future periods. We have been able to obtain
credit lines in July 2022 of 1 million and in January 2023 of 1.5 million for operating costs, including possible expansion of business
operations. Nonetheless, we may need to raise additional and ongoing capital to fund our plans to invest in current business development,
sustain current operations or marketing initiatives and possible future acquisition of the operating assets. Due to the penny stock 
status of our Common Stock and lack of tangible assets required for traditional debt financing, we may be limited in our ability to obtain
additional debt or obtain equity funding to meet operating costs or expansion of our operations in existing or new markets. Our future
capital requirements depend on a number of factors, including our ability to manage any growth of our business and our ability to control
our expenses while maximizing profits. Also, if we raise additional capital through the issuance of debt, this will result in increased
interest expense. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership
of our company held by existing public shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders will probably experience significant dilution
due to the penny stock status of our Common Stock. 

New securities issued by us may contain certain
rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our Common Stock or other securities. Such seniority may adversely impact
the rights and any possible financial return for our holders of the VEII Common Stock. We cannot assure investors that we will be able
to raise the working capital as needed in the future on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not raise capital as needed, we will
be unable to operate our business or fully implement our business development and acquisition expansion strategy. 

17 

We may not be able to adequately finance
the significant costs associated with the development, licensing or purchase of new product lines and new services. While we have
been able to secure a credit line for 1.5 million for operating costs in February 2023 and a credit line for 1 million in July 2022,
any technology business is subject to a demand to have the newest product and services to match changes in technology and customer purchasing
habits. This technological cycle will require us to develop, license or purchase new products and develop or license new technologies
to match changes in the technologies used by or preferred by our customers. The cost of keeping pace on technologies, products and services
required by our customers may exceed our ability to fund from cash from operations and credit lines the development, purchase or licensing
of those technologies, products and services. We do not possess the internal research and development capabilities and resources of many
of our competitors, especially the larger ones. 

We could be required to expend
substantial funds for and commit significant resources to the following: 

training our personnel on new products and services; 

purchasing, licensing or developing new products for resell or new services; 

marketing and promotional costs for new products and services; and 

 our future operating results
will depend to a significant extent on our ability to continue to provide new and competitive products and services that compare favorably
on the basis of cost and performance with the design and manufacturing capabilities of competitive third-party technologies. We will need
to sufficiently increase our net sales to offset these increased costs, the failure of which would negatively affect our operating results. 

 Operational and Legal Risks
Associated with being a U.S. Public Company with Chinese-Based and Hong Kong-Based Operations 

We operate primarily in Hong Kong SAR and China are subject to
significant political and economic uncertainties if Chinese government significantly alters the laws governing Hong Kong. 

The Chinese government may exercise significant
oversight and discretion over the conduct of Company and Company s operating subsidiaries in China as well as in Hong Kong (despite
Hong Kong being a separate system from mainland China) and may intervene in or influence our operations and our status as a U.S. public
holding company at any time. These Chinese governmental actions: 

1) could disallow our corporate structure as a U.S .public holding company in Hong Kong or our ownership of Chinese subsidiaries; 

2) could result in a material change in our operations, including, without limitation, reincorporation of companies, transfers of operations
or assets to other jurisdictions, cessations of operations, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, changes in business lines, efforts to
list or continue to trade our securities on non-U.S. securities exchanges and going private transactions each of these transactions
could render worthless or illiquid or nominal in value any investment in the Company; 

3) could hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors outside of China and Hong Kong or list our securities on any
U.S. national securities exchange or OTCQB; and 

4) may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become illiquid investment or completely worthless. 

Significant changes in PRC laws and regulations,
or their interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of supply,
devaluations of currency or the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. Under its current leadership, the Chinese government has generally been pursuing
economic reform policies that encourage private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance, however,
that the Chinese government will continue to pursue these policies, or that it will not significantly alter these policies from time to
time without notice and in respect of Hong Kong SAR. 

Chinese Government or Hong Kong Government
may restrict our ability to transfer cash held in or from operations in China or Hong Kong . To the extent cash in the Company s
or its subsidiaries business is held in China or Hong Kong, or held by a Chinese or Hong Kong entity, those funds may not be available
to fund operations of the Company or its subsidiaries or for other uses outside of China or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition
of restrictions and limitations on the ability of the Company or its subsidiaries by the Chinese government to transfer cash. There can
be no assurance the Chinese government will not intervene in or impose restrictions on the ability of the Company or its subsidiaries
to transfer cash outside of China or Hong Kong. 

Investors may experience difficulties in
effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China or Hong Kong based upon U.S. laws,
including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws, against us or our directors and executive officers who reside in China or
Hong Kong. Most of our principal operating subsidiaries current operations and assets are located in Hong Kong or China.
Moreover, six of our eight current directors and all of our executive officers are residents of Hong Kong. All or a substantial portion
of the assets of these directors and executive officers are located outside the U.S. Our Chairman, Mr. Chan Heng Fai is a resident of
Singapore and director Robert Trapp is a resident of the United States. Our senior officers, Mr. Tan Seng Wee, the Chief Executive Officer
and a director, and Mr. Au Cheuk Lun, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as directors Tsang Po Wee, Lee Yuen Fong, Wong Shui Yeung,
and Wong Tat Keung are all residents of Hong Kong. 

18 

As a result, it may not be possible to effect
service of process within the U.S. or elsewhere outside Hong Kong or China upon these directors and executive officers who reside in Hong
Kong or may reside in or claim residence in China. In addition, uncertainty exists as to whether the courts of the Hong Kong or China
would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such officers or directors predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in Hong Kong or China
against us or those directors or executive officers predicated upon the securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof. Under the Nationality
Law of the People's Republic of China CNL ), which has been applied in the Hong Kong since 1 July 1997, and pursuant to
Article 18 of and Annex III to the Basic Law, Hong Kong residents who are of Chinese descent and were born in the Chinese territories
(including Hong Kong), or persons who satisfy the criteria laid down in the CNL as having Chinese nationality, are regarded as Chinese
nationals by the Chinese government. 

The legal and judicial systems in China are still
rudimentary, and enforcement of existing laws is uncertain. As a result, it may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement
of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. The Chinese legal system
is based on the civil law regime, that is, it is based on written statutes. Unlike the U.S. legal system, a decision by one judge in China
does not set a legal precedent that is required to be followed by Chinese judges in other cases. In addition, the interpretation of Chinese
laws and Chinese court decisions may be varied to reflect domestic political changes or may be dictated or invalidated by the Chinese
government. 

While the Hong Kong court system is based on English
common law system (like the United States court system) under the Basic Law, the constitution of Hong Kong written when
United Kingdom handed control of Hong Kong to China in 1997, and has operated independently from Hong Kong government in the past, the
independence of the Hong Kong judiciary has been undermined in the past three years by the Chinese government. Since the Chinese government
has imposed national security laws of China in Hong Kong, the PRC National People s Congress Standing Committee NPCSC ),
which is a central authority of the Chinese government, has held that NPCSC decisions and directives are not reviewable by Hong Kong courts.
The Court of Final Appeal, Hong Kong s highest court, ruled in January 2021, that NPCSC decisions have the force of law in Hong
Kong and are not subject to judicial review by Hong Kong courts. The former independence and integrity of the common law system of the
Hong Kong courts have been compromised by Chinese government influence and direct intervention and investors face the same risks and challenges
of obtaining service of process and pursuing and enforcing legal claims against our directors and senior officers who reside in China
in the Chinese court system in obtaining service of process and pursuing and enforcing claims against our directors and senior officers
who reside in Hong Kong in the Hong Kong court system. 

The promulgation of new laws, changes to existing
laws and the pre-emption of local regulations by national laws in China or Hong Kong may further and adversely affect investors seeking
to enforce or assert claims against us or our management in Chinese or Hong Kong courts. 

The Company and its operating subsidiaries have
no assets or operations in United States. As a Nevada incorporated corporation, the Company has a registered agent office in the State
of Nevada for service of process on the Company, but not for service of process on its officers and directors and not for service on its
foreign subsidiaries and their officers and directors. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

While our common stock is quoted on The
OTC Markets Group, Inc. QB Venture Market Tier, we cannot assure you that the Common Stock will become sufficiently active in trading
or liquid to allow shareholders to trade their shares when desired and at desired prices, or will appreciate in value, or that the common
stock will be listed on a national securities exchange. There currently is only a minimal liquid public market for our Common Stock. Failure
to develop or maintain a liquid public trading market could negatively affect the value of our Common Stock and make it difficult or impossible
for stockholders to sell their shares when desired or at desired prices. 

Due to a lack of a significant
public float, institutional investor support and primary market makers, VEII Common Stock is less liquid, receives little if no coverage
by security analysts and news media, and generates lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if the Common Stock was listed on a national
securities exchange or NASDAQ, had institutional investor support, active primary market makers and had analysts coverage. While
the average bid of the Common Stock has increased in the past year, going from below ten cents per share to 20 cents to 30 cents per share,
and a noted entrepreneur and affiliates have acquired a significant stake in the shares of Common Stock in the past year, the market for
the Common Stock remains limited in liquidity and overall, sustained appreciation. We also lack primary market maker and non-affiliated
institutional investor support for the public market for our common stock. The penny stock status of the Company makes very difficult
to attract institutional investor or market maker support. 

Some, but not all, of the
factors which may delay or prevent the listing of our Common Stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market than the OTCQB include the
following: our stockholders equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net
income from operations may be too low; our Common Stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure primary market
makers for our Common Stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by, any of the national securities exchanges
to have our Common Stock listed. 

19 

Our issued Common Stock is
held by a relatively small number of shareholders. We would have to increase the public float considerably as part of any effort to enhance
the liquidity of our Common Stock. 

The market price for our Common Stock can
be volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, limited operating history of
our current services and lack of sustained profits from fiscal year to fiscal year all of those factors foster fluctuations in
our share price. 

The market for our Common
Stock can be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will
continue to be potentially more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable
to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our Common Stock are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity,
the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in
either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares of our
Common Stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales
without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operations
and lack of sustained profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our existing and potential products and services.
As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the
event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price
of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing
market price for our Common Stock will be at any time, including as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices,
or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market
price. 

The application of the penny stock 
rules could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares . 

The SEC adopted Rule 3a51-1
(17 CFR 240.3a51-1) under the Exchange Act, which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant
to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 of Exchange Act requires: 

that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth
the identity and 

quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account for
transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and
the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny
stocks. 

The broker or dealer must
also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market,
which, in highlight form: 

sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and 

that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be
less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for
investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. Brokers may also have internal rules
against trading, supporting as a market maker or otherwise handling or accepting for deposit any penny stock in general. 

A limited number of our shareholders own
a large percentage of our Common Stock, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over matters subject to shareholder approval. 

Our executive officers, directors
and their affiliated entities will beneficially own or control approximately 59.69 (See: Stock Ownership Table at page 47) of the outstanding
shares of our Common Stock. Accordingly, these executive officers, directors and their affiliated entities, acting as a group, will have
substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger,
consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, dissolution, or any other significant corporate transaction. These shareholders
may also delay or prevent a change of control or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, even
if such a change of control would benefit our other shareholders. This significant concentration of Common Stock ownership may adversely
affect the trading price of our Common Stock due to investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 

20 

A number of possible sources or causes may
result in interruption or failure of our ability to timely provide our services and products, which could damage our reputation and have
an adverse impact on our operating results. Our future success is significantly dependent on our ability to provide services and
deliverables that consistently meet our customers needs. We may rely on contractors and their software applications, hardware and
other information technology and communications systems for the development and provision of our services and deliverables to customers.
This reliance on third parties may present problems in effectively performing services in a profitable or timely manner. 

Our services, deliverables
and products may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications
failures, cyber-attacks or computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events. Like all companies in the industry,
we are also vulnerable to hackers and destructive computer programs. The expertise of hackers is constantly evolving and no system is
absolutely secure from hackers or malicious software programs. 

The long-term effects of climate
change on the global and local economies and the IT industry and our IT Business in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations
or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services,
including natural resources, necessary to run our business. Climate changes may bring a decline in or disruptions in the economy of our
markets or the world. Any decline in Hong Kong or PRC, or regional or global, economic conditions could lead to a decrease in customer
discretionary spending, which in turn could adversely affect demand for our services. In addition, an increase in price levels generally,
or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector, could result in a shift in customers demand away from our
services and products or make competitors services and products more attractive and more affordable. Such events could cause a
decrease in the demand for our services and products, which would have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 

Political unrest in any of
our markets could produce economic uncertainties that could adversely impact our future business and financial condition and performance. 

Our markets are limited in number and we
do not operate in some of the larger, lucrative IT Industry Markets. We are dependent on Hong Kong and, to a lesser extent, PRC
for our customers and revenues. We lack extensive diversification into new geographical markets, which is a goal of our company, but we
also believe there is sufficient business in Hong Kong and PRC to support our short-term business and financial goals and to support our
foreseeable operating overhead. The acquisition of TapServices, Inc. is an effort to expand the reach of geographical markets beyond PRC
and Hong Kong, but we remain committed to expanding our business in PRC and Hong Kong as our core geographical market. TapServices, Inc.
will need to be self-supporting in terms of revenues and meeting working capital needs in order to allow the other operating subsidiaries
to dedicate funds to developing and supporting operations in the key China and Hong Kong markets. 

Since we do not have revenue
generating operations in North or South America, we do not anticipate any direct, immediate adverse consequences from any trade disputes
between U.S. and China (other than any impact on China and Hong Kong economic conditions). 

General Risks of Internal Controls. 

We may be exposed to potential
risks relating to our internal controls over financial reporting and our ability to have those controls attested to by our independent
auditors. As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to
include a report of management on the company's internal controls over financial reporting in their annual reports, including this Form
10-K. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the requirements imposed thereby in the coming years. In the event
that we ever identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner,
investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 

Our operation in non-U.S. markets may expose
us to foreign exchange risk and currency fluctuations affect our operating profits. We may be exposed to foreign currency exchange
risk as our revenues and consolidated results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency as we translate these
currencies into U.S. dollars when we consolidate our financial results. Operating outside of the United States further exposes us to foreign
exchange risk, which we monitor. We have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign
exchange risk. 

21 

We may not be able to successfully implement
our strategies of expanding in our industry, effectively or at all. A key feature of our growth strategy is to expand our existing
services in PRC and Hong Kong. This strategy requires us to leverage the talents of our key personnel, their experience and developing
and protecting any market share or any proprietary rights. As a company, however, we have limited financial resources to accomplish these
goals. Entry into these businesses or into new markets presents significant challenges and subjects our business lines to significant
risks, including those risks set forth in these Risk Factors. The inability to successfully manage these challenges could adversely affect
our potential success in these businesses. Such failure would significantly limit our ability to grow our business and could deplete our
working capital and limit our ability to operate or pursue new businesses or new markets. We may lack the revenues and funding to pursue
our business, which could doom our business to failure or a restructuring to a more limited business. 

The inability to successfully manage any
growth of our business, whether through acquisitions or expansion of existing businesses, may have an adverse effect on our operating
results. If we experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations, then such growth will result in increased
responsibilities for our management. The risk is heightened by our reliance on a relatively small group of executives. If our management
is unable to successfully manage expenses in a manner that allows us to both improve operations and at the same time pursue potential
market opportunities, the growth of our business could be adversely impacted, which may, in turn, negatively affect our operating results
or financial condition. In addition, we believe that a critical contributor to any success will be a creative culture. As we attempt to
grow and alter our business to focus increasingly on the creation, production and marketing of services and products, and as we experience
change in response to the requirements of being a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate
culture, which could negatively affect our future success. 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure
to product or service liability claims that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Because of the nature
of our products and services, we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product or service related liability claims arising from
the claimed failure of our products or services, whether proprietary or licensed, to perform as intended and the resulting damages or
harm to customer s business, computers, network, e-pay or information systems, including cybersecurity breach claims and end user
privacy claim liabilities. We do not have insurance coverage for product and service liabilities, but we intend to obtain such insurance
coverage upon receipt of sufficient funding or revenues from operations to afford such insurance coverage. The absence of product and
service liability insurance could impose significant liabilities on our company and result in its failure. 

The Company is or could become subject to
laws and regulations worldwide, changes to which could increase the Company s costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely
affect the Company s business. Domestic and foreign laws and regulations could affect the Company s activities including,
but not limited to, in areas of privacy, labor, advertising, digital content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions,
quality of services, telecommunications, mobile communications and media, television, intellectual property ownership and infringement,
tax, import and export requirements, anti-corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements,
anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. 

We operate in Hong Kong and
PRC. The control of the Communist Party over the government of PRC and Hong Kong injects potential risk exposure from sudden, unexpected
changes in laws or regulations or trade regulations that could be adverse to the Company. Any changes in PRC laws and regulations, or
their interpretation, or the imposition of new taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of supply, devaluations
of currency or the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Any decrease in our revenues or an increase in operating costs (and corresponding reduction
in our cash flows) would also adversely affect our ability to pay our indebtedness as it comes due. 

Regulations 

Inapplicability of the 2012 JOBS Act 

We do not qualify as an Emerging
Growth Company and do not qualify for any of the reduced or delayed disclosure options available to an Emerging Growth Company
and as summarized below. 

The JOBS Act provides scaled
disclosure provisions for an eligible Emerging Growth Company, including, among other things: (a) permitting an Emerging Growth Company
to include only two years of audited financial statements in a registration statement filed under the Securities Act for an initial public
offering of common equity securities; (b) allowing an Emerging Growth Company to comply with the smaller reporting company version of
Item 402 of Regulation S-K (Executive Compensation); and (c) removing the requirement that our independent registered public accounting
firm attest to the effectiveness of Emerging Growth Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The JOBS Act also exempts an Emerging Growth Company from the following additional compensation-related
disclosure provisions that were imposed on U.S. public companies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act: the advisory say-on-pay 
vote on executive compensation required under Section 14A(a) of the Exchange Act; the Section 14A(b) requirements relating to shareholder
advisory votes on golden parachute compensation; the Section 14(i) requirements for disclosure relating to the relationship between executive
compensation and financial performance of the issuer; and the requirement of Dodd-Frank Act Section 953(b)(1), which will require disclosure
as to the relationship between Chief Executive Officer and median employee pay. Under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, Emerging
Growth Companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private
companies. 

22 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

The Company received Staff
comments about the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as amended. The Staff comments were primarily concerned the
adequacy of our disclosures about the impact of or risks resulting from Chinese government intervention and regulation of businesses located
in China and Hong Kong. We have timely responded to all SEC Staff comments as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K and we are not
unaware of any unresolved SEC Staff comments on the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as amended. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We own no real property. Our
company and subsidiary operations leases the following office spaces: 

1) Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B, Shatin Industrial Centre, 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong 

2) Flat E, 18/F, Block 31, No.1 Hang Shing Street, City One Shatin, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong 

3) Unit 608, 6/F, Sunbeam Centre, 27 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong 

4) Room 04 06-07, 23/F, Newpoly Tower, No. 2 Zhong Shan Liu Road, Guangzhou, China 510180 

5) Room 2663, 2665 2667, 26/F, Oriental Plaza, Jianshe Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen , China 

6) Unit 1 2, 2/F, Building A7, 700 Yishan Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, China 

7) Room 1107, 2/F, No.15 West Majiapu Road, Fengtai District, Beijing, China 100068 

8) Unit 902, The Orient Square, Emerald Ave, Ortigas Center, Pasig City, Metro Manila 1605 

9) Room T1-806, Greenland Center, No. 319, Section 1, Furong Middle Road, Kaifu District, Changsha, China 

We believe that the above
space is sufficient for our current operations. We paid 357,798 in aggregate lease payments in fiscal year 2022 for the above spaces. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There is no known material,
existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.
There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse
party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

The Common Stock of VEII is
quoted on OTCQB under the trading symbol VEII. The CUSIP number for our common stock is 829348200. Because we are quoted
on OTCQB and is lightly traded, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate
lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed on a national securities exchange. We are not aware of any stock analysts
who cover our common stock or publish reports on our company or our common stock. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were approximately 56 stockholders of record of our Common Stock. The number of record holders does not include persons who held our Common
Stock in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 

23 

Dividend Policy 

We have paid cash dividends
on our Common Stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to nil and 169,291, respectively. Our business strategies
or our financial condition may require us to retain future earnings for overhead and business development costs. As such, investors should
not invest in our Common Stock on the assumption that it will pay a regular or periodic dividend or pay any future dividend. 

Subject to restrictions imposed by Nevada laws, our Board of Directors
has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends, subject to legal requirements and possible shareholder consent. We will have no obligation
to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our shareholders. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

In July 2022, the Company
adopted a 2022 Equity Incentive Plan or Plan . The Company has not issued or granted any incentive compensation under the
Plan in 2022 or as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We have not sold any equity
securities during 2022 that went undisclosed in a quarterly report on this Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was
filed during the period. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our Common
Stock were made during the fiscal year 2022. 

ITEM 6. Reserved. 

24 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis
or set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing,
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth
in the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in
or implied by these forward-looking statements. See Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements above for certain
information concerning those forward-looking statements. Our financial statements are prepared in U.S. dollars and in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. 

Overview of our Business 

Value Exchange International, Inc. Current
Business and Industry Trends and Economic Conditions . 

The IT Business in Hong Kong
and China is large and fragmented, comprised of thousands of competitors as well as being a highly competitive industry. A general trend
affecting our IT Business is the trend of increasing competition for skilled labor. With a global economy and foreign competitors seeking
to penetrate Hong Kong and China as markets as well as to tap into new pools of skilled workers in IT Business, we will undoubtedly face
increasing competition for skilled workers in IT Business in the Hong Kong and China markets. We may be unable to afford or effectively
compete for necessary skilled workers in Hong Kong and China and, if we are unable to afford or effectively compete for necessary skilled
workers, our growth and ability to attain and sustain profit operations in the IT Business may fail. We have not experienced any significant
problems in recruiting necessary skilled workers in fiscal years 2021 or 2022. 

A common problem in the IT
Business is retaining skilled workers throughout the duration of a project. Due to the global nature of the IT Business and the growing
demand for skilled IT Business workers, a skilled IT business worker can often readily find higher paying positions with competitors,
whether local or foreign. While we have not experienced retention problems due primarily to our focus on smaller, shorter term IT business
projects, we may experience retention of skilled worker problems if we grow our IT Business and undertake longer term, more complex IT
business projects for customers. 

IT Business is often affected
by general economic conditions in our markets and any decline in those conditions could adversely impact our business and financial performance.
During periods of economic growth, customers general spend more for IT Business products and services. During periods of economic contraction
or uncertainty, such spending generally decreases or is deferred. As such, the prospective business for our IT Business is generally greater
during periods of economic growth or stability in Hong Kong or China and decreases during periods of economic decline or uncertainty in
Hong Kong and China. In our global economy, and with PRC being still a principal export economy, adverse economic conditions globally
or in other regions can adversely impact economic conditions in Hong Kong and PRC. PRC has experienced a less dynamic growth in gross
national product in the past year and this may reduce the willingness of customers to spend on IT Business The impact of COVID-19 pandemic
in late 2019 and throughout 2021 and 2022 has introduced a risk factor that cannot be fully evaluated as of the date of the filing of
this Form 10-K due to a number of uncertainties about reoccurrence of the pandemic through new variants or mutations of the virus and
resulting spikes in infections in the near future in our key markets and the time frame for developing a new or enhanced vaccine and viral
remedial medicines that will allow the economies in our key markets to return to normal state of operation and function. The COVID 19
pandemic has eased in 2023 in Hong Kong and Chinese government has been more aggressive in combating COVID 19 pandemic in 2022 and into
2023. While COVID 19 pandemic appears to be easing in terms of overall impact on economies in China and Hong Kong in 2023, the possibility
of spikes from variants or mutations of the virus and Chinese government or Hong Kong government restrictions to combat such spikes continues
to raise the specter of COVID 19 pandemic adversely affecting the promotion and growth of our business in 2023 by virtue of adverse impact
on the general economy in China or Hong Kong or hampering marketing-sales efforts. 

The IT Business is global
and, with the growth of cloud computing, there is a growing capability and infrastructure for companies in a foreign nation to provide
IT Business to customers around the globe as a complement to cloud computing. We have not seen any significant impact of cloud computing
on our IT Business in fiscal years 2021 or fiscal year 2022, but we perceive that the expansion of cloud computing could allow foreign
customers to provide IT Business products and services to its cloud computing customers in our Hong Kong and China core market. We may
find it more difficult to compete for IT Business in Hong Kong and China if customers of IT Business elect to have cloud computing companies
manage, repair and enhance IT Business products, software and systems. The growth of cloud computing coupled with IT Business products
and services as an ancillary component of the cloud computing menu of products and services could adversely impact our IT Business in
Hong Kong and China markets. 

25 

We are examining if our operations
could enter into a strategic relationship with a cloud computing company as part of a response to possible future competition from cloud
computing companies, but have not taken any steps to pursuing or attaining such a relationship. 

The nature of our IT Business
is such that our most significant current asset is accounts receivable. Our most significant current liabilities are payroll related costs,
which are generally paid either every two weeks or monthly. If the demand for our IT Business products and services increases, we may
generally see an increase in our working capital needs, as we continue to pay our workers on a weekly or monthly basis while the related
accounts receivable are outstanding for much longer than normal payment cycle, which may result in a decline in operating cash flows.
Conversely, as the demand for our IT Business products and services declines, we may generally see a decrease in our working capital needs,
as the existing accounts receivable are collected and not replaced at the same level, resulting in a decline of our accounts receivable
balance, with less of an effect on current liabilities due to the shorter cycle time of the payroll related items. This may result in
an increase in our operating cash flows; however, any such increase would not be sustainable in the event that a local or global economic
downturn continued for an extended period. 

In order for us to attain
sustained success in the near term, we must continue to maintain and grow our customer base, provide high-quality service and satisfaction
to our existing clients. In the current economic environment, we must provide our customers with service offerings that are appropriately
priced, satisfy their needs, and provide them with measurable business benefits. While we have recently experienced a more demand for
our IT Business products and services, we believe that it is too early to determine if developments will translate into sustainable improvements
in our pricing or margins in fiscal year 2023 or over the longer term. 

The increasing need for cybersecurity
products and technologies may be a future weakness of our business plan. We do not have a current cybersecurity product and service line
beyond consultants engaged to provide cybersecurity services. Cybersecurity companies may have an advantage over our business model in
the future in that cybersecurity companies could leverage their cybersecurity offerings to also sell IT Business services and products
that compete with our IT Business products and services. While we may explore enhanced cybersecurity offerings, but we have not identified
or commenced launch of any new cybersecurity products as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. 

Principal business 

The principal business of
VEI CHN for more than 20 years is to provide the IT Business, primarily to leading retailers in Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and PRC. The
primary services and products of the IT Business are: 

a) Systems maintenance and related service 

VEI CHN Group provides development,
customization of software and hardware, enhancements thereto and maintenance services for installed POS system. VEI CHN Group market,
sell and maintain its own brand POS software edgePOS as well as third party brands (e.g. NCR / Retalix, which is one of the leading
POS software in the market). These software programs can often integrate with different IP systems. 

Systems maintenance services
consist of: i) software maintenance service, including software patches, software code revisions; ii) installing, testing and implementing
software; iii) training of customer personnel for the use of software; and iv) technical support and administration for software systems. 

Other services include system
installation and implementation including i) project planning; ii) System Analysis; iii) design of the entire system; iv) hardware and
consumables selection advice and sales; and v) system hardware maintenance. These services typically consist of customer projects for
NSO and IMAC for retail, and ad-hoc custom system projects for other business sectors. Our primary focus is the retail sector in Hong
Kong SAR and PRC. 

b) Systems development and integration 

VEI CHN Group provides value-added
software, which integrate with customer owned or licensed software, and ad-hoc software development projects for other business sectors.
Besides use of proprietary, custom software code, our services may from time to time license standard third party software programs. 

26 

During January 2017, VEI CHN
acquired 100 common stock of TapServices, Inc. TSI for total consideration being 202,636. TSI is a limited liability
corporation organized under the laws of the Philippines on March 24, 2009. TSI operations have been managed by Mr. Benny Lee, a director
of VEI SHG. TSI commenced revenue generating operations in 2010 and focused on software and computer hardware maintenance on point of
sale or POS systems for local Manila, Philippines businesses. Recent years, TSI business model has been to engage in the
business of providing information, data, and communications technology services, to supply and deal in all related products, including
computer hardware, software and application products, and to own, design, install, maintain, operate, integrate, sell, lease or otherwise
deal in such systems, facilities, gateways, equipment, devices and POS terminals in the retail business. TSI s business line is
essentially similar to the business line of VEI CHN Group in information technology and computer system consulting services and related
products sales. The customer base of TSI includes Robinson Retails Group RRG ), Ministop Convenience Stores, and
Watson s Personal Health and Care (Phil.) Inc. in the Philippines. In 2022, TSI achieved of 1.68 million in gross revenues. TSI
customarily combines maintenance contracts with hardware sales. TSI geographical market is the greater Manila, Philippines region and
adjacent areas. 

Throughout fiscal year 2022,
we are focusing and will focus its business in IT Business, and seek to expand its services to commercial customers in PRC and Asia Pacific
Region when general economic conditions are favorable for expansion, which requires an end or substantial diminution of the Coronavirus/COVID-19
pandemic, and adequate, affordable funding are available. Such expansion may not be feasible until 2023 or 2024. This strategy is based
upon our subjective business judgment that the IT Business presents more opportunities for potential customer order in our core markets
of Hong Kong SAR and China. 

Financial Performance Highlights 

The following are some financial highlights for
the 2022: 

Net revenue: Our net revenues were 10,924,330 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,977,921
for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 946,409 or 9.5 . 

Gross profit: Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,695,469 or 15.5 of net revenues,
as compared to 2,679,694 or 26.9 of net revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 984,225 or 36.7 . 

(Loss) profit from operations: Our loss from operations totaled 193,755 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to profit
from operations totaled 534,759 for year ended December 31, 2021, a change of 728,514. The change was mainly attributable to the decrease
in our gross profit. 

Net income: Our net income totaled 3,366 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 677,402 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 674,036 or 99.5 . 

Basic and diluted net income per share was 0.00 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2021 

The following table summarizes
the results of our operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage
increase or (decrease) from the 2021 year to the 2022 year. 

27 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The following tables set forth
key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues. 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in U.S.
dollars) 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

US 
 US 
 US 

NET REVENUES 

Service income 
 10,924,330 
 9,977,921 
 946,409 
 9.5 
 
 COST OF SERVICES 

Cost of service income 
 (9,228,861 
 (7,298,227 
 (1,930,634 
 26.5 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 
 1,695,469 
 2,679,694 
 (984,225 
 (36.7 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 (2,001,268 
 (2,131,194 
 129,926 
 6.1 
 
 Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 112,044 
 (13,741 
 125,785 
 (915.4 
 
 (LOSS) PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS 
 (193,755 
 534,759 
 (728,514 
 (136.2 
 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 
 271,149 
 229,774 
 41,375 
 18.0 
 
 INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 77,394 
 764,533 
 (687,139 
 (89.9 
 
 INCOME TAXES EXPENSES 
 (74,028 
 (87,131 
 13,103 
 (15.0 
 
 NET INCOME 
 3,366 
 677,402 
 (674,036 
 (99.5 

Net revenues .
Net revenues were 10,924,330 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,977,921 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 946,409 or 9.5 . This result was primarily attributable to the increase in our revenue from 1) systems maintenance with
revenue increasing from 7,439,172 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 9,243,919 for the year ended December 31, 2022; offset by
the decrease in our revenue from 2) hardware and consumables with revenue decreasing from 2,290,531 for the year ended December 31, 2021
to 1,439,553 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 3) sales of systems development and integration with revenue decreasing from 248,218
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 240,858 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost of services .
Our cost of services is primarily comprised of our costs of technical staff and general overhead. Our cost of services were 9,228,861
or 84.5 of net revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 7,298,227 or 73.1 of net revenues, for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,930,634 or 26.5 . The increase in cost of services was mainly attributable to the increase in our
contracting fees to suppliers and cost of technical staff for the growing demand of our service. 

Gross profit .
Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,695,469 or 15.5 of net revenues, as compared to 2,679,694 or 26.9 of net revenues,
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of gross profit was largely due to the increase in cost of services, offset by the
increase in net revenues in 2022, as compared with 2021. 

General and administrative
expenses . General and administrative expenses include the costs associated with staff and support personnel who manage our business
activities, office rental expenses, depreciation charge for fixed assets, and professional fees paid to third parties. General and administrative
expenses decreased to 2,001,268 or 18.3 of net revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,131,194 or 21.4 of
net revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 129,926 or 6.1 . The primary reason for the decrease was attributable
to a decrease in consultancy and professional fees, and other administrative costs in 2022, as compared with 2021. 

(Loss) profit from operations . As
a result of the above analysis, our loss from operations totaled 193,755 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to profit
from operations totaled 534,759 for year ended December 31, 2021, a change of 728,514. The change was mainly attributable to the decrease
in our gross profit. 

Income taxes. The
Company is subject to United States federal income tax at a tax rate of 21 in 2022 (2021: 21 on any revenues subject to U.S. taxation.
No provision for income taxes in the United States has been made as the Company had no U.S. source income taxable in the United States
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

VEI CHN and VEI HKG were formed
in Hong Kong and subject to Hong Kong income tax at a tax rate of 16.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022. TSI was formed in Philippines
and subject to an income tax rate of 30 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our VEI SHG, VEI HN and SZH was formed in China and subject
to national and local income taxes within China at the applicable tax rate on the taxable income as reported in its PRC statutory financial
statements in accordance with relevant income tax laws. China passed a new Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the New EIT Law, 
and its implementing regulations, both of which became effective on January 1, 2008. VEI SHG subject to an income tax rate of 25 for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

28 

Income taxes expenses amounted
to 74,028 or 0.7 of net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 87,131 or 0.9 of net revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to the current tax expenses decrease, and the utilization of tax loss brought
forward for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net income .
As a result of the foregoing, we had a net income of 3,366 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 677,402 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of the factors described above concerning increase in cost of services, offset by increase
in revenue, increase in other income and increase operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash and cash equivalents of 208,776. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for all financial
years presented in this report. 

Cash Flows 

Cash Flow . Regarding the cash transfer
throughout our organization, we have implemented internal cash management policies for all of our subsidiaries, which require the relevant
financial staff to verify that the relevant documents issued by the requesting staff are approved by a supervisor and are qualified for
distribution under internal accounting rules, and then the actual distribution requires the approval of a competent supervisor of the
relevant financial staff. Any voucher will be stamped after payment and the payee will sign the request for payment as a receipt. In addition,
all payments shall be made by remittance, crossed and stamped non-endorsed transfer cheques, except for certain specified cash payables.
When transferring any inter-group funds or to our investors, the cash management procedures is the same as the cash management policies
for external payment to payees as set out above. 

As such, our Hong Kong subsidiaries, Chinese subsidiaries
and our Philippines subsidiary are funded by their respective internal cash inflows or, when necessary, by capital injection from VEI
CHN. Our subsidiaries occasionally purchase goods or services from intra-group subsidiaries in other geographic location, and payment
is made directly into the operating subsidiary which is providing goods or services. 

None of the Company or its
consolidated subsidiaries have ever faced difficulties, restrictions or limitations on the ability to transfer cash which have been made
between the Company, our subsidiaries in different jurisdiction, or to our U.S. investors due to any reasons, including but not limited
to the interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the Hong Kong or Chinese law or regulation governing the
transfer of cash. However, there can be no assurance that there will not be additional or new laws, rules and regulations promulgated
by, or other actions taken by, the Hong Kong or Chinese government authorities, which may lead to potential intervene in or impose restrictions
on the ability of the Company or our subsidiaries to transfer cash. In such events, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. For a description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer
to Item 1A. Risk Factors Operational and Legal Risks Associated with being a U.S. Public Company with Chinese-Based and
Hong Kong-Based Operations below at page 18 and further description of Chinese Laws and Regulations in Item 1. Business at
page 14. 

Except for the following aggregate intra-group
cash flow, there were no other transfers of assets which have been made between our holding company or our subsidiaries, for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 

(All amounts in U.S. dollars) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

US 
 US 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (436,361 
 135,356 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (222,980 
 (325,827 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 610,828 
 (14,248 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (32,109 
 (29,220 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (80,622 
 (233,939 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 
 289,398 
 523,337 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 
 208,776 
 289,398 

29 

To the extent cash in the Company s or its
subsidiaries business is held in China or Hong Kong, or held by a Chinese or Hong Kong entity, those funds may not be available
to fund operations of the Company or its subsidiaries or for other uses outside of China or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition
of restrictions and limitations on the ability of the Company or its subsidiaries by the Chinese government to transfer cash. There can
be no assurance the Chinese government will not intervene in or impose restrictions on the ability of the Company or its subsidiaries
to transfer cash outside of China or Hong Kong. See: Item 1A Risk Factors, Operational and Legal Risks Associated with being a U.S.
Public Company with Chinese-Based and Hong Kong-Based Operations at page 18. 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in provided
by operating activities was 436,361 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was a change of 571,717 from net cash provided by operating
activities 135,356 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily attributable to the following: 

1) Net income of 3,366 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 677,402 for the year ended December
31, 2021; and 

2) A change of Accounts receivable, Other receivables, deposit and prepayments,
Amounts due from related parties, and Other payables and accrued liabilities decreased our operating cash balances by 15,260, 257,891,
 458,518 and 405,805 respectively; offset by 

3) A change of Accounts payable increased our operating cash balances
by 526,873. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

The following table summarizes our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the effects that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future
periods: 

Obligations 
 Total Due 
 Due in Less than 1 year 
 Due in 1-3 Years 
 Due in 4-5 years 
 Due in more than 5 years 
 
 Operating lease obligations, including imputed interest 
 551,512 
 380,757 
 170,755 
 - 
 - 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities decreased to 222,980 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which was a decrease of 102,847 or 31.6 from 325,827 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was attributable to the purchase of plant and equipment
by 223,619; offset by cash provided by the interest received by 639 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 610,828 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which was a change of 625,076 from net cash used in financing activities
totaled 14,248 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was attributable to the process from bank loan by 1,054,294; offset
by cash used in principal payments on leases, and repayment of bank loan, and interest paid by 351,664, 57,346, and 34,456 respectively
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash transfer throughout our organization 

We have implemented internal
cash management policies for all of our subsidiaries, which require the relevant financial staff to verify that the relevant documents
issued by the requesting staff are approved by a supervisor and are qualified for distribution under internal accounting rules, and then
the actual distribution requires the approval of a competent supervisor of the relevant financial staff. Any voucher will be stamped after
payment and the payee will sign the request for payment as a receipt. In addition, all payments shall be made by remittance, crossed and
stamped non-endorsed transfer cheques, except for certain specified cash payables. When transferring any inter-group funds or to our investors,
the cash management procedures is the same as the cash management policies for external payment to payees as set out above. 

As such, our Hong Kong subsidiaries,
Chinese subsidiaries and our Philippines subsidiary are funded by their respective internal cash inflows or, when necessary, by capital 
injection from VEI CHN. Our subsidiaries occasionally purchase goods or services from intra-group subsidiaries in other geographic location,
and payment is made directly into the operating subsidiary which is providing goods or services. 

30 

None of the Company or its consolidated subsidiaries
have ever faced difficulties, restrictions or limitations on the ability to transfer cash which have been made between the Company, our
subsidiaries in different jurisdiction, or to our U.S. investors due to any reasons, including but not limited to the interventions in
or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the Hong Kong or Chinese law or regulation governing the transfer of cash. However,
there can be no assurance that there will not be additional or new laws, rules and regulations promulgated by, or other actions taken
by, the Hong Kong or Chinese government authorities, which may lead to potential intervene in or impose restrictions on the ability of
the Company or our subsidiaries to transfer cash. In such events, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. For a description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Operational
and Legal Risks Associated with being a U.S. Public Company with Chinese-Based and Hong Kong-Based Operations below at page 18 and
further description of Chinese Laws and Regulations in Item 1 Business at page 14Except for the following aggregate intra-group cash flow,
there were no other transfers of assets which have been made between our holding company or our subsidiaries, for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 From 
 To 
 US 
 US 
 
 VEI CHN 
 TSI 
 - 
 11,223 
 
 VEI SHG 
 VEI CHN 
 - 
 346,719 
 
 VEI HKG 
 TSI 
 32,723 
 37,965 
 
 VEI HKG 
 VEI SHG 
 749,117 
 645,038 
 
 VEI CHN 
 VEI HKG 
 609,976 
 946,090 
 
 TSI 
 VEI SHG 
 47,202 
 - 
 
 HTS 
 VEI SHG 
 3,747 
 - 
 
 VEI SHG 
 VEI HN 
 280,733 
 225,840 
 
 VEI SHG 
 SZH 
 5,514 
 102,760 

For a detailed description
on the transfer of cash through our organization and details on the aggregate intra-group cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operating Results Cash
Flow on page 25. 

Dividends and Other Distributions 

The Company was incorporated
in Nevada, United States as a holding company and has no revenue generating operations. All revenue generating operations are conducted
through our subsidiaries in the Hong Kong, China, and Philippines. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future on
our common stock. The Company declared and paid a one-time cash dividend of 0.005 per shares of Common Stock in 2021, which dividend
was in the aggregate 169,291. The declaration of dividends on any class of shares is within the discretion of our board of directors,
subject to the Nevada law governing declaration and payment of dividends, out of legally available funds, and will depend on the assessment
of, among other factors, earnings, capital requirements and our operating and financial condition. If we determine to pay dividends on
any of our capital stock in the future to our stockholders, we will be dependent on receipt of funds from our operating subsidiaries.
There have been no other transfers, dividends or distributions to our U.S. investors by us. 

If we determine to pay dividends
on any of our Common Stock in the future, as a holding company, we will be dependent on receipt of funds from our operating subsidiaries
in Hong Kong. Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends
paid by us. There are no restrictions or limitations under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion of Hong Kong dollar into foreign
currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong, nor is there any restriction on any foreign exchange to transfer cash between
the Company and its subsidiaries, across borders and to investors outside of China, nor is there any restrictions and limitations to distribute
earnings from the subsidiaries, to the Company and investors outside of China and amounts owed. 

The Chinese laws, rules and
regulations applicable to our Chinese subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations. The same requirement applies to Hong Kong subsidiaries. 

31 

Although we did not rely on
our Chinese subsidiaries in dividend and other distributions on equity in the past, we may rely on dividends and other distributions on
equity paid by our Chinese subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements in the future, including the funds necessary to pay dividends
and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur. There have not been any such dividends or other
distributions from our Chinese subsidiaries to our subsidiaries located outside of China. In addition, save as disclosed above, none of
our subsidiaries have ever issued any dividends or distributions to us or their respective shareholders outside of China. According to
the Foreign Investment Law of the People s Republic of China and its implementing rules, which jointly established the legal framework
for the administration of foreign-invested companies, a foreign investor may, in accordance with other applicable laws, freely transfer
into or out of China its contributions, profits, capital earnings, income from asset disposal, intellectual property rights royalties
acquired, compensation or indemnity legally obtained, and income from liquidation, made or derived within the territory of China in RMB
or any foreign currency, and any entity or individual shall not illegally restrict such transfer in terms of the currency, amount and
frequency. According to the Company Law of PRC and other Chinese laws and regulations, our Chinese subsidiaries may pay dividends only
out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition,
each of our Chinese subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, each year to fund
a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. Where the statutory reserve
fund is insufficient to cover any loss the Chinese subsidiary incurred in the previous financial year, its current financial year s
accumulated after-tax profits shall first be used to cover the loss before any statutory reserve fund is drawn therefrom. Such statutory
reserve funds and the accumulated after-tax profits that are used for covering the loss cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At their
discretion, our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to a discretionary
reserve fund. As a result of these restrictions, our China subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their
net assets to us in the form of dividends. Statutory reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 

Renminbi is not freely convertible
into other currencies. As result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to use their
potential future renminbi revenues to pay dividends to us. The Chinese government imposes controls on the convertibility of renminbi into
foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Shortages in availability of foreign currency may then
restrict the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our offshore entities for our offshore entities
to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our foreign-currency-denominated obligations. The renminbi is currently
convertible under the current account, which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
without the need of the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of China SAFE ). By contrast, the renminbi
under the capital account, which includes foreign direct investment and foreign currency debt, including loans we may secure
for our onshore subsidiaries, may be converted into other currencies upon the approval of the SAFE and the conversion is also subject
to other restrictions or limitations, e.g., control of a Chinese entity s foreign debt quota. Currently, our Chinese subsidiaries
may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current account transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without
the approval of the SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant Chinese governmental authorities may
limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. The Chinese government may
continue to strengthen its capital controls, and additional restrictions and substantial vetting processes may be instituted by SAFE for
cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and the capital account. Any existing and future restrictions on currency
exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in renminbi to fund our business activities outside of China or pay dividends
in foreign currencies to holders of our securities. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations
and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant Chinese governmental authorities. This could affect our ability
to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries. 

In addition, shareholders
may potentially be subject to Chinese taxes on dividends paid by us in the event we are deemed a Chinese resident enterprise for Chinese
tax purposes. According to the Income Tax Law, income such as dividends, rental, interest and royalty from the China derived by a non-resident
enterprise which has no establishment in China or has establishment but the income has no relationship with such establishment is subject
to a 10 withholding tax, which may be reduced if the foreign jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides
for a different withholding arrangement, unless the relevant income is specifically exempted from tax under the applicable income tax
laws, regulations, notices and decisions which relate to foreign invested enterprises and their investors. According to the Notice of
the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Relating to the Administration of the Dividend Provision in Tax Treaties, the corporate
recipients of dividends distributed by Chinese enterprises must satisfy the direct ownership thresholds at all times during the twelve
(12) consecutive months preceding the receipt of the dividends. 

None of the Company or its consolidated subsidiaries
have ever faced difficulties, restrictions or limitations on the ability to distribute earnings which have been made between the Company,
our subsidiaries in different jurisdiction, or to our U.S. investors due to any reasons, including but not limited to the interventions
in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations by the Hong Kong or Chinese law to distribute earnings. However, there can be no
assurance that there will not be additional or new laws, rules and regulations promulgated by, or other actions taken by, the Hong Kong
or Chinese government authorities, which may lead to potential intervention in or imposition of restrictions on the ability of the Company
or our subsidiaries to distribute earnings, to transfer cash or on foreign exchange. In such events, our business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. For a description of the risks facing the Company associated with
our structure, please refer to Operational and Legal Risks Associated with being a U.S. Public Company with Chinese-Based and Hong
Kong-Based Operations at page 18 and further description of Chinese Laws and Regulations in Item 1. Business at page 14. 

32 

Future Financings 

We believe that our cash on
hand and cash flow from operations will meet our expected capital expenditure and working capital requirements for our current IT Business
for the next 12 months. However, we may in the future require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation
of our strategy to expand our production capacity, sales, marketing and branding activities or other investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. If our own financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may seek to sell additional
equity or debt securities or obtain credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial
covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure
by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to expand our business operations and could
harm our overall business prospects. 

On February 16, 2018, VEI
SHG signed a January 24, 2018 stores equipment support agreement Agreement with the largest health care and beauty retailer Retailer in People s Republic of China China ). Under the Agreement, the Retailer has contracted for
site and preventive maintenance and support for computer and point of sale systems Systems as well as new store and store
renovation install and migration services for Systems from the VEI SHG. The Agreement is non-exclusive, covers Retailer s stores
in the northern and eastern region of China and runs through December 2020. Gross revenue and net profit potential, if any, as well as
the full extent of services by VEI SHG under the Agreement are uncertain at this time due to lack of sufficient operational experience
as a service provider under the Agreement. The Agreement may require the Company to seek additional equity and/or debt funding to provide
the capital needed to staff and purchase product under the Agreement. In March 2020, a renewal agreement signed with the Retailer, and
related service extended to 31 March 2023. The amount and availability of such funding is not certain as of the date of this Form 10-K.
Adequate and affordable funding, required by, if any, the Agreement is essential to the ability of VEI SHG to perform its obligations
under the Agreement. While the Company does not currently anticipate any problems in obtaining the necessary funding, if any is required,
and has not experienced problems in funding this contract in fiscal year 2022, the Company makes no assurances about its ability to timely,
affordably obtain the necessary funding for the Agreement. During fiscal year 2022, VEI SHG had 4.35 million in gross revenues from the
work under the Agreement. 

The Company s strategic
plan includes efforts to expand its markets by acquisitions of existing business operations in new markets or establishment of new offices
in the new markets as well as expanding IT Business in existing markets, this effort has been hampered or delayed by lack of adequate
funding or working capital from operations, COVID-19 pandemic impact on efforts to pursue such opportunities, the penny stock 
nature of our Common Stock and inability to locate suitable opportunities capable of consummation under then current circumstances and
available resources. The ability of the Company to fund such expansion is not certain and the impact of any such funding on the Company s
liabilities and cash flow is uncertain until an expansion opportunity is identified, pursued and consummated. Expansion efforts of the
Company, which the Company views as critical to achieving sustained profitability, may be undermined by the Company s limited cash
flow from operations and from the lack of affordable, adequate funding from outside sources. The ability of the Company to raise funding
is also severely hampered by its penny stock status and lack of an active public stock market in its Common Stock. The COVID-19 pandemic
will probably reduce the amount of traditional private working capital funding sources and further hamper funding of any growth initiatives
of the Company. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
years. 

We regularly evaluate the
accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in
note 2 of the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience, on information
from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances.
Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

33 

Basis of presentation and principle of consolidation 

The consolidated financial
statements include all of the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash flows of entities in which the Company has a controlling
interest subsidiaries ). Intercompany accounts and transactions between consolidated companies have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Consolidated financial statements
prepared following a reverse acquisition are issued under the name of the legal parent (accounting acquiree) (i.e. the Company) but as
a continuation of the financial statements of the legal subsidiary (accounting acquirer) (i.e. VEI CHN), with one adjustment, which is
to retroactively adjust the accounting acquirer s legal capital to reflect the legal capital of the accounting acquiree. That adjustment
is required to reflect the capital of the legal parent (the accounting acquiree). Comparative information presented in those consolidated
financial statements also is retroactively adjusted to reflect the legal capital of the legal parent (accounting acquiree). 

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Value Exchange International, Inc. and the following subsidiaries: 

1. Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong
Kong as a private company on November 16, 2001; 

2. Value Exchange Int l (Shanghai) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
Shanghai as a private company on September 2, 2008; 

3. Value Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated
in Hong Kong as a private company on August 25, 2003 and acquired by VEI CHN on September 25, 2008; 

4. TapServices, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated under the laws of the Republic
of the Philippines as a private company on March 24, 2009 and acquired by VEI CHN on January 23, 2017; and 

5. Value Exchange Int l (Hunan) Limited, a subsidiary of the Company with 51 ownership incorporated
in Hunan as a private company on November 15, 2018. 

6. Shanghai Zhaonan Hengan Information Technology Co., Limited, a subsidiary of the Company with 51 ownership
incorporated in Hunan as a private company on February 10, 2020. 

7. Haomeng Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Limited, a subsidiary of the Company with 100 ownership incorporated
in Shenzhen as a private company in January 2022. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP ), and include the financial statements of the Company and all its wholly-owned subsidiaries that require consolidation. All
material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in the consolidation. The following entities were consolidated as
of December 31, 2022: 

Place of 
 
 Ownership percentage 

incorporation 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Value Exchange International, Inc. 
 
 USA 
 
 Parent Company 
 
 Parent Company 
 
 Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Value Exchange Int l (Shanghai) Limited 
 
 PRC 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Value Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 TapServices, Inc. 
 
 Philippines 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Value Exchange Int l (Hunan) Limited 
 
 PRC 
 
 51 
 
 51 

Shanghai Zhaonan Hengan Information Technology Co.,
 Limited 
 
 PRC 
 
 51 
 
 51 

Haomeng Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Limited 
 
 PRC 
 
 100 
 
 - 

Use of estimates 

Preparing consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The more significant areas requiring using management s estimates and assumptions
relate to the collectability of its receivables, the fair value and accounting treatment of financial instruments, the valuation of long-lived
assets and valuation of deferred tax liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.
In addition, different assumptions or circumstances could reasonably be expected to yield different results. 

34 

Accounts receivable and other receivables 

Receivables include trade
accounts due from customers and other receivables such as cash advances to employees, utility deposits paid and advance to suppliers.
Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentration, customer credit worthiness,
current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to determine if the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. An estimate
for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Delinquent account balances are written-off after
management has determined that the likelihood of collection is not probable and known bad debts are written off against the allowance
for doubtful accounts when identified. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable,
respectively. Management believes that the remaining accounts receivable are collectable. 

Plant and equipment 

Plant and equipment is stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged
to earnings as incurred. Major additions are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation of plant and equipment
is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives as follows: 

Estimated Useful Life 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Lesser of lease term or the estimated
 useful lives of 
 5 years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 5 years 
 
 Computer software 
 
 5 years 
 
 Office furniture and equipment 
 
 5 years 
 
 Motor Vehicle 
 
 3 years 
 
 Building 
 
 5 years 

Goodwill and intangibles 

Intangibles with a definite life, including customer
relationships and goodwill were recorded in connection with the acquisition of TSI. Intangible assets are amortized based on their estimated
economic lives using the straight-line method with estimated lives as follows: 

Estimated Economic Life 
 
 Customer relationship 
 
 3 years 

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of
acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is instead tested for impairment annually. 

Revenue recognition 

Sales revenue is recognized when all of the following
have occurred: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the
price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. 

The Company s revenue is derived from three
primary sources: (i) professional services for systems development and integration, including procurement of related hardware and software
licenses on behalf of customers, if required; (ii) professional services for system maintenance normally for a period of one year; and
(iii) sale of hardware and consumables during the service performed as stated above. 

Multiple-deliverable arrangements 

The Company derives revenue from fixed-price sale
contracts with customers that may provide for the Company to procure hardware and software licenses with varied performance specifications
specific to each customer and provide the technical services for systems development and integration of the hardware and software licenses.
In instances where the contract price is inclusive of the technical services, the sale contracts include multiple deliverables. A multiple-element
arrangement is separated into more than one unit of accounting if all of the following criteria are met: 

35 

The delivered item(s) has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis; 

There is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item(s); and 

If the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance
of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in the control of the Company. 

The Company s multiple-element
contracts generally include customer-acceptance provisions which provide for the Company to carry out installation, test runs and performance
tests at the Company s cost until the systems as a whole can meet the performance specifications stated in the contracts. The delivered
equipment and software licenses have no standalone value to the customer until they are installed, integrated and tested at the customer s
site by the Company in accordance with the performance specifications specific to each customer. In addition, under these multiple-element
contracts, the Company has not sold the equipment and software licenses separately from the installation, integration and testing services,
and hence there is no objective and reliable evidence of the fair value for each deliverable included in the arrangement. As a result,
the equipment and the technical services for installation, integration and testing of the equipment are considered a single unit of accounting
pursuant to ASC Subtopic 605-25, Revenue Recognition Multiple-Element Arrangements. In addition, the arrangement generally includes
customer acceptance criteria that cannot be tested before installation and integration at the customer s site. Accordingly, revenue
recognition is deferred until customer acceptance, indicated by an acceptance certificate signed off by the customer. 

Revenues of maintenance services
are recognized when the services are performed in accordance with the contract term. 

Revenues of sale of software,
if not bundled with other arrangements, are recognized when shipped and customer acceptance obtained, if all other revenue recognition
criteria are met. Costs associated with revenues are recognized when incurred. 

Revenues are recorded net
of value-added taxes, sales discounts and returns. There were no sales returns during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

US 
 US 
 
 NET REVENUES 

Service income 

- systems development and integration 
 240,858 
 248,218 
 
 - systems maintenance 
 9,243,919 
 7,439,172 
 
 - sales of hardware and consumables 
 1,439,553 
 2,290,531 

10,924,330 
 9,977,921 

Billings in excess of revenues
recognized are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Income taxes 

The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with the accounting standard issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB for income taxes.
Under the asset and liability method as required by this accounting standard, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. The charge for taxation is based on the results for the reporting
period as adjusted for items which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date. The effect on deferred income taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of, a deferred
tax asset will not be realized. 

Under the accounting standard
regarding accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than
not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized
is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the
 more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income
tax are classified as income tax expense in the year incurred. 

Foreign currency translation 

The functional currency and
reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. Dollar. US or ). The functional currency of the Hong Kong
subsidiaries is the Hong Kong Dollar. The functional currency of the PRC subsidiary is RMB. Results of operations and cash flow are translated
at average exchange rates during the period, and assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate as quoted by the Hong Kong
Monetary Authority HKMA at the end of the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when
the capital transaction occurred. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive
income. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. 

36 

Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 RMB : USD exchange rate 
 
 6.7046 
 
 6.4707 
 
 Average period ended 

HKD : USD exchange rate 
 
 7.800 
 
 7.800 
 
 Average period ended 

PESO : USD exchange rate 
 
 53.7447 
 
 48.8351 
 
 Average period ended 

Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 RMB : USD exchange rate 
 
 6.9143 
 
 6.3699 
 
 HKD : USD exchange rate 
 
 7.800 
 
 7.800 
 
 PESO : USD exchange rate 
 
 54.7368 
 
 50.4854 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting
pronouncements, including the respective dates of adoption, or expected adoption and effects of our consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

The Company, as a smaller
reporting company (as defined by 229.10(f) (1)), is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The full text of our audited
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 begins on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

ZHEN HUI Certified Public
Accountants ZHEN HUI has provided the Company with the required independent letter under Rule 3526 of Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board rules. 

ZHEN HUI s report on
the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not
qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting. 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, (i) there were no disagreements with ZHEN HUI on any matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of ZHEN HUI , would have caused ZHEN HUI to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports on the Company s financial statements for such years, and (ii)
there were no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed
in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange
Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer determined that, as of December 31, 2022, and as of the date that the evaluation was completed, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

37 

Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the
process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of
Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
our assets; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and
directors; and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in the report
entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 

Because the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in its internal controls
over financial reporting in 2022 that would materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Because the Company is a smaller
reporting company, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm. 

The Company monitors the impact
of COVID 19 pandemic on operations in order to determine any adjustments of internal controls and financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

We have no information to disclose that was required
to be in a report on Form 8-K during the period covered by this Form 10-K but was not reported. There have been no material changes to
the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

See: Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act .
 PCAOB Vacates Determination regarding Inability to Fully Investigate and Inspect Chinese and Hong Kong Auditors at page 13. 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies
to the Company s directors, officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and any
other persons performing similar functions. The text of our code of ethics, Code of Ethics, has been posted on our website
at https://www.value-exch.com. The Company will provide a copy of the code of ethics without charge upon request to Corporate Secretary,
Value Exchange International, Inc., Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B, Shatin Industrial Centre, 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong
SAR. Contents of URL s referenced in this Form 10-K are not incorporated in this Form 10-K. 

Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and
Control Persons 

The following sets forth the
name and position of each of our executive officers, directors and significant employees and titles as of the date of the filing of this
Form 10-K. 

Name 
 
 Position with the Company 
 
 Age 
 Director Since 
 
 Kenneth Tan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 59 
 08/26/13 
 
 Bella Tsang 
 
 Secretary, Treasurer, Principal financial officer and Director 
 
 57 
 08/26/13 
 
 Ambrose Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 78 
 12/17/21 
 
 Calinda Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 54 
 02/21/20 
 
 Vincent Lum 
 
 Director 
 
 60 
 05/18/21 
 
 Robert Trapp 
 
 Director 
 
 67 
 04/08/22 
 
 Frankie Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 52 
 04/08/22 
 
 Aston Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 52 
 04/08/22 
 
 Channing Au 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 44 
 Not applicable 

The business experience during
the past five years of the person presently listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company is as follows: 

Tan Seng Wee Kenneth
Tan ). Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer and President of VEII, Mr. Tan was the President, Sales for Value
Exchange International Limited VEI ), a related company of VEI CHN, and was responsible to sales for the Asia Pacific region.
Before taking up the appointment in VEI, Mr. Tan was the Vice President, Sales of PCCW Solutions since 2003. He has more than 25 years
of experience in the IT industries and had held key sales management positions in IBM, Oracle and EDS. He holds a Bachelor of Science
degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the University of Hong Kong. 

Tsang Po Yee Bella Bella
Tsang ). Prior to her appointment as Secretary and Director of VEII, Ms. Tsang had been working as Marketing Manager of VEI
HKG since 2003 and was responsible for marketing of its solutions to various retailers in the Greater China and the Asia Pacific markets.
Ms. Tsang holds a Diploma of Marketing from the Institute of Marketing. She was responsible for organizing training to all level of professional
staff in Ernst Whinney (now Ernst Young, an international accountancy, auditing and consulting firm) in 1987. 

Chan Heng Fai Ambrose
Chan ). Mr. Chan Mr. Chan is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Alset EHome International Inc., and is personally and
through an entity the largest shareholder of Alset EHome International Inc. Mr. Chan is also the Executive Chairman of GigWorld, Inc.
GigWorld, Inc. s majority shareholder was Alset International Limited. Effective as of August 30, 2022, Alset International Limited
sold 505,341,376 shares of GigWorld, Inc. s common stock to Alset EHome International Inc. for 1,500,000. Alset International Limited s
majority shareholder is Alset EHome International Inc. Mr. Chan is personally and through an entity he controls the largest shareholder
of Alset EHome International Inc. Mr. Chan is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Alset International Limited. Mr.
Chan has served as a Director of GigWorld. Inc. since October 23, 2014, as its Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since
December 1, 2017, and its Acting Chief Executive Officer from August 8, 2018 until September 1, 2019. Mr. Chan previously served as GigWorld,
Inc. s Chief Executive Officer from December 31, 2014 until June 21, 2017. Effective as of March 7, 2023, GigWorld, Inc. changed
its name from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse Inc. Mr. Chan has served as a member of the Board of Directors
of LiquidValue Development Inc. since January 10, 2017, and has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of LiquidValue Development Inc. since
December 29, 2017. He has served as a non-executive director of DSS, Inc., an NYSE listed company, since January 2017 and as Chairman
of the Board of DSS, Inc. since March of 2019. Mr. Chan has also served as a non-executive director of Holista CollTech Ltd., an ASX listed
company, since July 2013. Mr. Chan has served as a director of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Optimum Bank since June 2018. 

Lee Yuen Fong Calinda
Lee ). Ms. Lee joined the Company in 2018 as Group Chief Executive Officer of Company s operating subsidiaries. She is
now in charge of the overall operations and financial management of the Group. Prior to the joining the Company, she worked in a manufacturing
company for over 6 years in the position of chief operating officer. Before that, she worked for TAP Investments Group Limited companies TAP Group for over 15 years before they were acquired by the Company. She held various management positions in TAP Group
and possesses over 20 years of experience in the IT industry with in-depth knowledge in Frontend and Backend Retail Solution. Before joining
the Company and the TAP Group, she started her career in International/Local certified public accounting firms in the aspect of Auditing,
Company Secretarial and Taxation Consultancy. She holds an MBA in Finance and she is an associate member of CPA Australia, a professional
association. 

39 

Lum Kan Fai Vincent
Lum ). Joined the Company in May 2021 as an non-executive director of Company. Mr. Lum currently is the President of Digital
Group of Document Security Systems, Inc. DSS ), a New York Stock Exchange listed company and the President of DSS Asia,
a subsidiary of DSS. Mr. Lum is responsible for profit and loss, long term development of DSS digital product division and the
Asia Pacific operations of DSS. Mr. Lum is also Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of GigWorld, Inc. Mr.
Lum has served as a member of the GigWorld, Inc. Board of Directors since June of 2015. Mr. Lum served as Chief Technology
Officer CTO of GigWorld, Inc. from June of 2015 until June of 2017. In June of 2017, GigWorld, Inc. appointed Mr.
Lum Kan Fai as the it Chief Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Lum resigned as its Chief Technology Officer. In December
of 2017, Mr. Lum Kan Fai resigned as GigWorld, Inc. s chief executive officer and President and was appointed as its Vice Chairman
of the Company s Board of Directors. Effective as of March 7, 2023, the registrant changed its name from GigWorld Inc. 
to Hapi Metaverse Inc. Previously, Mr. Lum held senior management positions with Vitop Holding, a HK listed company, York
International (Now Johnson Controls), Apple, Inc. and Datacraft Asia. Mr. Lum graduated from the University of Essex (UK) in 1985, with
a first class honor degree in Computer and Communication Engineering. 

Robert Trapp. Joined
the Company in April 2022 as an non-executive directors of Company. Mr. Trapp currently is the Chief Executive Officer of BMI Capital
International LLC, a FINRA broker-dealer, a position he has held since June 2015. Mr. Trapp has 38 years of cross-cultural business experience
with both public and privately-owned companies in Asia, the United States and Canada, in a diverse range of industries including hospitality,
finance, property, mining, software, biotech and consumer goods. 

Wong Shui Yeung Frankie
Wong ). Joined the Company in April 2022 as an non-executive directors of Company. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board
of Directors of Alset EHome International Inc. and Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. since November 2021 and January 2022 respectively,
the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ. Mr. Wong has served as an independent non-executive director of Alset International Limited
since June 2017, the shares of which are listed on the Catalist Board of Singapore Stock Exchange. He was an independent non-executive
director of SMI Holdings Group Limited from April 2017 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and was an independent non-executive director of SMI Culture Travel Group Holdings Limited from December
2019 to November 2020, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 

Wong Tat Keung Aston
Wong ). Joined the Company in April 2022 as an non-executive directors of Company. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant
admitted to practice in Hong Kong. Mr. Wong has served as the sole proprietor of Aston CPA and Associates, a registered certified public
accounting firm. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. since January 2022. He has
been an independent non-executive director of Alset International since January 2017. Mr. Wong has been an independent non-executive director
of Roma Group Limited, a valuation and technical advisory firm, since March 2016, and has served as an independent non-executive director
of Lerthai Group Limited, a property, investment, management and development company, since December 2018. 

Au Cheuk Lun Channing
Au ). Channing Au joined Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, as the Chief Financial Officer
in August 2015. On November 5, 2015, Mr. Au was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of VEII. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Au served as an Audit Manager at Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited since 2010. Prior to that, he worked for CPA firms including KPMG
Hong Kong and BDO Limited. Mr. Au has over 10 years extensive experience in provision of audit and consultancy services with clientele
varies from unlisted entrepreneurs to companies listed in the United States and Hong Kong. Mr. Au is a member of CPA Australia, and obtained
his Master s Degree in Finance and Bachelor s Degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. 

Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience
Represented on the Board 

The Board of Directors has
identified particular qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that are important to be represented on the board as a whole,
in light of our current needs and business priorities. The Board of Directors believes that each director is a recognized person of high
integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each director demonstrates innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect
for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation of multiple cultures and a commitment to the business and operations
of the Company. The Board of Directors has assessed the intangible qualities including the director s ability to ask difficult questions
and, simultaneously, to work collegially. The Board of Directors also considers diversity of age, cultural background and professional
experiences in evaluating candidates for Board of Director membership. Diversity is important because a variety of points of view contribute
to a more effective decision-making process. 

40 

Set forth below is a tabular
disclosure summarizing some of the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences of our directors. 

Name of Director 
 Title 
 Qualifications 
 
 Kenneth Tan 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 He has more than 25 years of experience in the
 IT industries and had held key sales management positions in IBM, Oracle and EDS. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical
 and Electronics Engineering from the University of Hong Kong. 

Calinda Lee 
 Director 
 
 She possesses over 20 years of experience in the
 IT industry with in-depth knowledge in Frontend and Backend Retail Solution. Before joining the Company and the TAP Group, she started
 her career in International/Local certified public accounting firms in the aspect of Auditing, Company Secretarial and Taxation Consultancy.
 She holds an MBA in Finance and she is an associate member of CPA Australia, a professional association. 

Bella Tsang 
 Director 
 
 She has Diploma of Marketing from the Institute
 of Marketing. She was responsible for organizing training to all level of professional staff in Ernst Whinney (now Ernst Young,
 an international accountancy, auditing and consulting firm) in 1987 and, as such, as extensive experience in personnel matters. 

Ambrose Chan 
 Director 
 
 He is an experienced businessman. He is the Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of Alset EHome International Inc.; Executive Chairman of GigWorld, Inc. He also serves or has served as
 a director and senior executive officer for several companies, including current service as Chairman of the Board of Directors of DSS,
 and a non-executive director of Holista CollTech Ltd., an Australian Securities Exchange listed company. Effective as of March 7, 2023,
 the registrant changed its name from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse Inc. 

Vincent Lum 
 Director 
 
 He graduated from the University of Essex (UK)
 in 1985, with a first class honor degree in Computer and Communication Engineering. He was the founder, and since 2009 has served as Chief
 Executive Officer, of FUNboxx Ltd. Prior to that, he held senior management positions with Vitop Holding, a Hong Kong listed company,
 York International (Now Johnson Controls), Apple, Inc. and Datacraft Asia. 

Robert Trapp 
 Director 
 
 He holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the
 University of Calgary and a Bachelor of Applied Arts in Hospitality Tourism Management from Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada.
 He is the Chief Executive Officer of BMI Capital International LLC, a FINRA broker-dealer since June 2015, and Vice-President at DSS Wealth
 Management, Inc., director of Alset EHome International Inc. He also has served as a director and senior executive officer for several
 companies, including General Manager of SeD Development Management LLC, director of American Premium Water Corporation, director of Sharing
 Services Global Corporation, director of Theralink Technologies Inc., director of Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc. and Directors of
 GigWorld Inc. Effective as of March 7, 2023, the registrant changed its name from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse
 Inc. 

Frankie Wong 
 Director 
 
 He is a practicing member and fellow member of
 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and holds a bachelor s
 degree in business administration. He has over 20 years experience in accounting, auditing, corporate finance, corporate investment
 and development, and company corporate secretarial practice. He has served as director of Alset EHome International Inc. and Alset Capital
 Acquisition Corp, which are listed on NASDAQ, and as an independent non-executive director of Alset International Limited which are listed
 on the Catalist Board of Singapore Stock Exchange, and independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited which were listed
 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 

Aston Wong 
 Director 
 
 He is a Certified Public Accountant admitted to
 practice in Hong Kong. He is a Fellow Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and an Associate Member of the Hong Kong
 Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He holds a Master in Business Administration degree (financial services) from the University
 of Greenwich, London, England. He has served as the sole proprietor of Aston CPA and Associates, a registered certified public accounting
 firm. He also has served as independent non-executive director for several companies, including Alset International, Roma Group Limited,
 Lerthai Group Limited. 

41 

Significant Employees.
 Mr. Tan and Mr. Au as senior officers are deemed key personnel. Benny Lee, a director of VEI SHG, has extensive experience in the
IT Business and is important to Company s strategic knowledge base and planning as well as the Board of Director s understanding
of the IT industry in China and Hong Kong and business development in those markets. 

Audit Committee and Other
Board Committees . The VEII Board of Directors had no nominating or compensation committee in fiscal year 2022. The Company relies
on the Board of Directors to perform the functions typically performed by a compensation and nominating committee. As of the date of the
filing of this Form 10-K with the SEC, the Audit Committee members are non-employee directors Robert Trapp, Frankie Wong and Aston Wong. 

Audit Committee Duties. 
The Audit Committee duties are: (1) determine the independent registered public accounting firm to be employed by the Company; (2) discuss
the scope of the independent registered public accounting firm s audit of the Company and any reports or recommendations from that
firm; (3) review the Company s financial statements and the independent registered public accounting firm s reports and recommendations;
(4) reviews conflict of interest issues concerning the Company and its management; (5) makes recommendations to the Company s Board
of Directors about audit, accounting, internal control and related matters. 

By virtue of business or employment/engagement
relationships, the members of the Audit Committee are affiliated with Director Chan Heng Fai and certain companies that Mr. Chan controls
or has a significant influence over. The two existing credit lines extended to the Company were made by companies affiliated with Mr.
Chan. This affiliation results in the Audit Committee members recusing themselves from any consideration of fairness of any transactions
with or involving Mr. Chan or his affiliated companies and results in the disinterested directors of the Company making that determination.
Further, as a result of this affiliation, the members of the Audit Committee are deemed to be independent directors under the standard
that an independent director is one who is free of any material relationship with the Company of its management. 

Compensation and Nominating
Duties . The Company s Board of Directors handles the duties of a compensation and nominating committee. Those duties include:
(1) analysis of personnel needs of the Company and its subsidiaries; (2) develops recommendations about compensation, cash and non-cash,
for members of Company management; (3) review of job performance of members of Company management; (4) review and vote on employment agreements
for senior officers of the Company; and (4) tasks related to the foregoing duties. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between any of our directors and our executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offences); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership,
corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing
or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance
activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
or vacated; 

42 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants),
relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26), any registered entity (as
defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Except as set forth in our
discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related
Persons, none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of
our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the SEC. 

Stockholder Communication with the Board of
Directors 

Stockholders may communicate
with the Board of Directors of VEII by sending a letter to our Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B,
Shatin Industrial Centre, 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong (for submission to the board or committee or to any specific
director to whom the correspondence is directed.) Stockholders communicating through this means should include with the correspondence
evidence, such as documentation from a brokerage firm, that the sender is a current record or beneficial stockholder of the Company. All
communications received as set forth above will be opened by the Corporate Secretary or his designee for the sole purpose of determining
whether the contents contain a message to one or more of our directors. 

Any contents that are not
advertising materials, promotions of a product or service, patently offensive materials or matters deemed, using reasonable judgment,
inappropriate for the Board of Directors will be forwarded promptly to the chairman of the Board, the appropriate committee or the specific
director, as applicable. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

The Company formed an Audit
Committee on October 29, 2015. The Company has been unable to locate a prospective independent director who meets the requirements of
a financial expert and is willing to serve as a director of the Company. None of the current directors qualify as financial experts. 

As formed, the Audit Committee s
duties will be to recommend to the Company s board of directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm
to audit the Company s financial statements and to review the Company s accounting and auditing principles. The Audit Committee
will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and
independent registered public accounting firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls.
The Audit Committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors,
free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding
of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

All audit and audit-related
services performed by our principal accountant during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were approved by our audit committee. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a written
code of ethics that applies to all of our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 14 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
with the SEC on July 20, 2009. 

43 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth
the compensation paid to our executive officers during the twelve months periods ended, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. No other executive
officer received compensation greater than 100,000 during any fiscal year. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name 
 and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 Ended 
 12/31 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Kenneth Tan (1) 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2020 
 60,929 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 60,929 
 
 Bella Tsang (2) 
 2022 
 39,744 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 39,744 

2021 
 64,103 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 64,103 

2020 
 61,538 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 61,538 
 
 Calinda Lee (3) 
 2022 
 30,769 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 30,769 

2021 
 30,769 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 30,769 

2020 
 30,769 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 30,769 
 
 Channing Au (4) 
 2022 
 46,154 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 46,154 

2021 
 46,154 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 46,154 

2020 
 41,303 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 41,303 

Footnotes: 

(1) Mr. Kenneth Tan was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company as of August
26, 2013. 

(2) Ms. Bella Tsang was appointed as Secretary and Director of the Company as of August 26, 2013, and was
appointed as Treasurer and principal financial officer of the Company as of June 25, 2015; and on October 29, 2015, she resigned as a
Treasurer and principal financial officer of the Company. 

(3) Ms. Calinda Lee was appointed as Director of the Company as of February 21, 2020. 

(4) Channing Au was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company as of November 5,
2015. 

There are no other compensatory
plans or arrangements in use except as disclosed, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer,
that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the
Company, or its subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control
of the Company. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

No executive officer received
any equity awards, or holds exercisable or non-exercisable options, as of the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans 

There are no arrangements
or plans currently used and in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. 

Compensation Committee 

We currently do not have a
compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors as a whole determines executive compensation. 

Director Compensation 

None of the directors received
compensation for director services during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, except Johan Pehrson, a former independent director
who was not re-elected to the Company s board of directors in 2022, received an annual director fee of 7,500. 

Pension Benefits 

No named executive officers
received or held pension benefits and the Company does not maintain a pension benefit plan during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

44 

Insurance 

Company has not obtained directors'
and officers' liability insurance as of the date of this Form 10-K. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 

Except as otherwise provided in NRS Sections 35.230,
90.660, 91.250, 452.200, 452.270, 668.045 and 694A.03, Section 78.138 of the NRS provides that a director or officer will not be individually
liable unless it is proven that (i) the director's or officer's acts or omissions constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties,
and (ii) such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law. 

Section 78.7502 of NRS permits a company to indemnify
its directors and officers against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection
with a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding if the officer or director (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138
or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner the officer or director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation and, if a criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct of the officer or director
was unlawful. 

Section 78.751 of NRS permits a Nevada company
to indemnify its officers and directors against expenses incurred by them in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding
as they are incurred and in advance of final disposition thereof, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or director
to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such officer or director is not entitled
to be indemnified by the company. Section 78.751 of NRS further permits the company to grant its directors and officers additional rights
of indemnification under its articles of incorporation or bylaws or otherwise. 

Section 78.752 of NRS provides that a Nevada company
may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for any liability asserted against him and her, liability and expenses incurred
by him or her in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or
not the company has the authority to indemnify him or her against such liability and expenses. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that: 

-No director or officer of the Company will be
personally liable to the Company or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided,
however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer (i) for acts or omissions which
involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of
NRS. 

-The Company shall indemnify its directors, officers
and employees (current and former) to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS and may, if and to the extent authorized by the board of
directors, so indemnify its officers and any other person whom it has the power to indemnify against liability, reasonable expense or
other matter whatsoever. 

-The Company may use other forms of indemnification,
including, at the discretion of the board of directors, the purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who holds or who has
held any position identified in the paragraph above against any and all liability incurred by such person in any such position or arising
out of his or her status as such. 

Our bylaws provide: the Company shall indemnify
any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, trustee, officer,
employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgment,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding
if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful.
The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal action proceeding, had reasonable
cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful. 

45 

SEC Policy on Indemnification . Insofar
as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling
the company pursuant to provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion
of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event
that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. 

Other than as disclosed herein, there is no pending
litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or executive officers to which indemnification is required or permitted, and we
are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

No nonqualified deferred compensation
was offered or issued to any named executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

46 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (i) by each of our
directors; (ii) by each of our named executive officers; (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and (iv) by
each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than five percent (5 of any class of our outstanding shares. As of March
31, 2023, there were 36,156,130 shares of our common stock outstanding: 

December 31, 2022 

Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 

Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 
 (#) 

Percent of 
 Class (2) 
 ) 

Ambrose Chan (3) 
 7 Temasek Blvd. #29-01B 
 Suntec Tower One 
 Singapore U0 038987 
 Common 
 
 14,372,797 
 39.75 

Kenneth Tan (4) 
 Block A1 35h Fl 
 The Beverly Hills 
 6 Broadwood 
 Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 2,563,725 
 7.09 

Bella Tsang (5) 
 Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B, 
 Shatin Industrial Centre, 
 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, 
 Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 4,905,461 
 13.57 

Johan Pehrson (6) 
 3 Westerbergs Gata 
 Halmstad, Sweden 30226 
 Common 
 
 277,101 
 0.77 

Edmund Yeung (7) 
 Flat C, 7/F Phase I 
 Kingsford Ind. Bldg 
 26-32 Kwai Hei St 
 Kwai Chun, N.T. 
 Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Calinda Lee (8) 
 Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B, 
 Shatin Industrial Centre, 
 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, 
 Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Vincent Lum (9) 
 4800 MONTGOMERY LANE #210 
 BETHESDA, MD, 20814, USA 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Robert Trapp (10) 
 3172 31 st Street, Apt 6C, Queens, New
 York 11106 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Frankie Wong (11) 
 7/F, Skyway Centre, 23 Queen s Road West,
 Sheung Wan, Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Aston Wong (12) 
 Flat G, 28/F., Block 8, Island Harbourview, 11
 Hoi Fai Road, Tai Kok Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

Channing Au (13) 
 Unit 02-03, 6/F. Block B, 
 Shatin Industrial Centre, 
 5-7 Yuen Shun Circuit, 
 Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong 
 Common 
 
 - 
 - 

All Officers and 
 Directors as a Group 
 Common 
 
 22,119,084 
 61.18 

47 

(1) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right
to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where
applicable and the information contained in the footnotes to this table. 

(2) Based on 36,156,130 issued and outstanding shares of VEII Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) Ambrose Chan is a Director of the Company and was appointed on December 17, 2021. His ownership consists
of 95,000 shares of Common Stock personally held by him; and the following shares for which he is deemed to be have a shared ownership
interest: 13,776,163 shares of Common Stock held by GigWorld, Inc., a Delaware corporation subject to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 39,968 held by BMI Capital Partners International Limited; 18,512 held by LiquidValue Development Pte
Ltd., which is a subsidiary of Alset EHome International; and 443,154 shares held by Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. Effective as
of March 7, 2023, the registrant changed its name from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse Inc. 

(4) Kenneth Tan is the Company's Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director. 

(5) Bella Tsang is the Company's Secretary, and a Director of the Company. 

(6) Johan Pehrson was a Director of the Company appointed on July 7, 2014. Mr. Pehrson was not re-elected
as a director at the July 18, 2022 Annual Meeting of Company shareholders and has no position with the Company as of the date of the filing
of this Form 10-K Report. 

(7) Edmund Yeung was a Director of the Company. He resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company effective
November 19, 2021. Mr. Yeung sold his 2,024,400 shares of Common Stock in a private transaction on November 22, 2021 and he owns no shares
of Common Stock as of March 31, 2023. 

(8) Calinda Lee is a Director of the Company and was appointed on February 21, 2020. 

(9) Vincent Lum is a Director of the Company and was appointed on May 18, 2021. 

(10) Robert Trapp is a Director of the Company and was appointed on April 8, 2022. 

(11) Frankie Wong is a Director of the Company and was appointed on April 8, 2022. 

(12) Aston Wong is a Director of the Company and was appointed on April 8, 2022. 

(13) Channing Au is the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer appointed on November 5, 2015. 

Changes in Control 

The Company has elected not to be governed by
the control share provisions or interested shareholder provisions of the laws of State of Nevada, specifically in Nevada Revised Statutes
 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, and 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our Common Stock to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership of our Common Stock with the SEC. Based on the information available to us, we believe that in 2022,
and to date in 2023, all applicable Section 16(a) reports were timely filed. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Our executive officers, directors
and their affiliated entities will beneficially own or control approximately 41.38 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. Accordingly,
these executive officers, directors and their affiliated entities, acting as a group, will have substantial influence over the outcome
of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or
substantially all of our assets, dissolution, or any other significant corporate transaction. Except as set forth in the footnotes of
the attached financial statements, and except for the VEI CHN Share Exchange, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company,
nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common
Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction
that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. 

48 

As previously reported, the
Company entered into two credit lines, one in 2023 for 1.5 million principal amount and the other in 2022 for 1 million principal amount,
with lenders that are affiliated with directors Chan Heng Fai and Lum Kan Fai. One lender is GigWorld, Inc., which is a shareholder of
the Company. Mr. Chan is the Executive Chairman of GigWorld, Inc. GigWorld, Inc. s majority shareholder was Alset International
Limited. Effective as of August 30, 2022, Alset International Limited sold 505,341,376 shares of GigWorld, Inc. s common stock to
Alset EHome International Inc. for 1,500,000. Alset International Limited s majority shareholder is Alset EHome International Inc.
Mr. Chan is personally and through an entity he controls the largest shareholder of Alset EHome International Inc. Mr. Chan is the Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of Alset International Limited. Effective as of March 7, 2023, the registrant changed its name from GigWorld
Inc. to Hapi Metaverse Inc. Director Lum Kan Fai is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of GigWorld, Inc. as
well as affiliated with Mr. Chan and certain of his affiliated companies by virtue of service as a director and officer of those companies.
Directors Robert Trapp, Wong Shui Yeung, and Wong Tat Keung are also affiliated with Mr. Chan and certain of his affiliated companies
by virtue of services as a director, officer or professional advisor to those affiliated companies. As a result of these affiliations,
the two credit lines were reviewed and approved by the Company directors who were not affiliated with Mr. Chan or his affiliated companies. 

Policies and Procedures for Review, Approval
or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The Company has a code of
ethics policy ). For purposes of our policy only, a related-person transaction will be a transaction, arrangement
or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any related person 
are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee,
director, consultant or similar capacity by a related person will not be covered by this policy. A related person will be any executive
officer, director or a holder of more than five percent of our common stock, including any of their immediate family members and any entity
owned or controlled by such persons. 

We anticipate that, where
a transaction has been identified as a related-person transaction, the policy will require management to present information regarding
the proposed related-person transaction to our audit committee (or, where approval by our audit committee would be inappropriate, to another
independent body of our board of directors) for consideration and approval or ratification. Management s presentation will be expected
to include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the direct and indirect interests of the related persons, the benefits
of the transaction to us and whether any alternative transactions are available. 

To identify related-person
transactions in advance, we are expected to rely on information supplied by our executive officers, directors and certain significant
stockholders. In considering related-person transactions, our board of directors will take into account the relevant available facts and
circumstances including, but not limited to: 

the risks, costs and benefits to us; 

the impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, immediate
family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated; 

the terms of the transaction; 

the availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and 

the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from our employees
generally. 

We also expect that the policy
will require any interested director to excuse himself from deliberations and approval of the transaction in which the interested director
is involved. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

Except as previously disclosed
in our Exchange Act filings with Commission, we did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal years. 

49 

Director Independence 

An independent director is
a director who is free of any material relationship with the Company of its management, excepting service as a director. While Directors
Robert Trapp, Wong Tat Keung, Wong Shui Yeung, Lum Kan Fai and Chan Heng Fai are non-executive directors, the Company s current
two credit lines were made by companies affiliated with Mr. Chan and the other non-executive directors are affiliated with Mr. Chan by
virtue of existing business, employment or engagement relationships and the two lenders. One of the lenders, GigWorld, Inc., is also a
major shareholder of the Company. Further, Mr. Chan serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of GigWorld, Inc. and Mr. Lum is Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors of GigWorld, Inc. Mr. Chan and GigWorld, Inc., (as well as other affiliates of Mr. Chan) are deemed
to own or control 14,372,797 shares of Company Common Stock, which is 39.7 of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.
This share ownership does not include additional shares that are issuable, but not issued as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K,
upon conversion of the principal of the two credit lines. As such, the Company does not deem any of its directors as meeting the standard
for independence. Effective as of March 7, 2023, GigWorld, Inc. changed its name from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse
Inc. 

Due to ownership or control
over shares of Company Common Stock and service as a Company director, Mr. Chan and GigWorld, Inc. may be deemed as control persons 
under SEC rules of the Company. In 2022, neither Mr. Chan nor GigWorld, Inc. participated directly in or directly influenced day-to-day
management of Company s or its subsidiaries operations, excepting Mr. Chan s performance of customary oversight functions
as non-executive director of the Company. 

Additional Information About VEII 

SEC Reports and Additional Information about
the Company 

VEII is subject to the informational
and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance with this law, files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements
and other information with the SEC. One can read and copy the VEII s SEC filings, including its financial statements, at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site known as EDGAR and that contains our SEC reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information at www.sec.gov. Company s filings with the SEC can also be accessed through
a link on the Company s corporate website at URL: https://www.vei-i.com/en/investorinfo/sec-filings-and-financials 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following is a summary
of the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 52,500 
 51,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 52,500 
 51,000 

Audit Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees consisted of
fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All Other Fees consisted of fees
billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above under other captions of
this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of directors to assure that
such services do not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our board of directors
pre-approved the audit and non-audit services performed by ZHEN HUI Certified Public Accountants for our financial statements as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

50 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Financial Statements and Schedules 

The financial statements are
set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable,
or the information is otherwise included. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

Exhibit List 

The list of exhibits included
in the attached Exhibit Index is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Title 

3.1 (1) 
 Articles of Incorporation of Value Exchange International, Inc. 

3.1.1 (2) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Value Exchange International, Inc., dated Sept. 8, 2016. (1) 

3.2 (3) 
 By-Laws of Value Exchange International, Inc. 

3.2.1# 
 Amendment to Bylaws 

10.1 (4) 
 Convertible Credit Agreement by and among Value Exchange International, Inc., GigWorld, Inc. and American Wealth Mining Corp., dated January 27, 2023 

10.2 (5) 
 Form of Warrant issuable by Value Exchange International, Inc. 

10.3 (6) 
 Loan Agreement by Value Exchange International, Inc. and American Pacific Bank, dated July 26, 2022. 

10.4 (7) 
 Security Agreement by Value Exchange International, Inc. and American Pacific Bank, dated July 26, 2022. 

10.5 (8) 
 Revolving Credit Promissory Note signed by Value Exchange International, Inc. and evidencing debt obligation to American Pacific Bank 

14 (9) 
 Code of Ethics, dated April 16, 2018 

31.1# 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2# 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1# 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2# 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

51 

# Filed herewith 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form SB-2 Registration Statement, dated Nov. 19, 2007. 

(2) Filed with the SEC on July 20, 2009 as Ex. 14.1 to Value Exchange International, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2009. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form SB-2 Registration Statement, dated Nov. 19, 2007. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, dated February 2, 2023. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K, dated February 2, 2023. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, dated July 28, 2022. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K, dated July 28, 2022. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K, dated July 28, 2022. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit One to the Information Statement, dated October 18, 2016, and filed by Value Exchange International,
Inc. with the Commission on October 25, 2016. 

The material contained in Exhibit 32.1
and Exhibit 32.2 is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective
of any general incorporation language contained in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by
reference. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

VALUE EXCHANGE
INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

s/ Kenneth Tan 

 By: Kenneth Tan 

 Its: President, CEO 

 (Principal executive officer) 

/s/ Channing Au 

 By: Channing Au 

 Its: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Kenneth Tan and Channing Au and each of them,
as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and
all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent the full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

In accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kenneth Tan 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Channing Au 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
(Principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/ s/ Bella Tsang 
 
 Director and Secretary 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Calinda Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ambrose Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Vincent Lum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Robert Trapp 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Frankie Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Aston Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

53 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Contents 
 Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Zhen Hui
Certified Public Accountants, PCAOB ID 

F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 - F-28 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: The board of directors and stockholders of 
VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Value
Exchange International, Inc. the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, consolidated statement of stockholders 
equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Group as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Group is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2018. 

/s/ Zhen Hui Certified Public Accountants 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 US 
 US 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 

Amounts due from related parties 

Other receivables and prepayments 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Plant and equipment, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Deferred income 

Amounts due to related parties 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Current portion of long term bank loan and short term bank loan 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Long term bank loan 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserves 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

US 
 US 
 
 NET REVENUES 

Service income 

COST OF SERVICES 

Cost of service income 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

Foreign exchange (loss) gain 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

(LOSS) PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Finance cost 

VAT refund 

Management fee income 

Others 

Total other income (expenses), net 

INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAXES EXPENSES 

NET INCOME 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

ATTRIBUTABLE TO: 

Equity holders of the Company 

) 

Non-controlling interests 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

) 

Net income per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 
other 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 Retained earnings 
 
 Noncontrolling 
 comprehensive 

Share 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 (accumulated deficit) 
 Statutory reserves 
 Interest 
 income 
 Total 

January 1, 2021 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of share 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change in noncontrolling 
 interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Transfer to Dividend 
 payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency 
 translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

January 1, 2022 

Net (loss) income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency 
 translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

US 
 US 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash 
 (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Interest income 

Loan interest expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Finance costs on Right-of-use assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables, deposit and prepayments 

Amounts due from related parties 

Inventories 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Deferred income 

Amounts due to related parties 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Interest received 

Purchase of plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issued share capitals 
 - 

Interest paid 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend paid 
 - 

Principal payments on leases 

Proceeds from non-controlling interests 
 - 

Proceeds from bank loan 

Repayment of loan from a director 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repayment of bank loan 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of year 

CASH, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW 
 INFORMATION 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VALUE EXCHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (In U.S. dollars, except for shares and per
share data) 

on . The Company s principal business
is to provide credit and debit card processing services to multinational retailers in Asia and the systems development and information
technology business of Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited (collectively, the IT Business ). 

On January 1, 2014, VEII received 100 of the issued and outstanding
shares of in Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited VEI CHN in exchange for i) newly issued 12,000,000 shares of VEII s
common stock to the majority stockholder of VEI CHN; and ii) 166,667 shares of our common stock held by VEI CHN to be transferred to the
majority stockholder of VEI CHN Share Exchange ). This transaction resulted in the owners of VEI CHN obtaining a majority
voting interest in VEII. The merger of VEI CHN into VEII, which has nominal net assets, resulted in VEI CHN having control of the combined
entities. 

For financial reporting purposes, the transaction represents a reverse
merger rather than a business combination and VEII is deemed to be the accounting acquiree in the transaction. The transaction is
being accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization. VEII is the legal acquirer but accounting acquiree for financial reporting
purposes and VEI CHN is the acquired company but accounting acquirer. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that
will be reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the transaction will be those of VEI CHN and will be recorded at the
historical cost basis of VEI CHN, and no goodwill will be recognized in this transaction. The consolidated financial statements after
completion of the transaction will include the assets and liabilities of VEI CHN and VEII, and the historical operations of VEII and the
combined operations of VEI CHN from the initial closing date of the transaction. 

VEI CHN, formerly known as TAP Investments Group Limited, was incorporated
on November 16, 2001 under the laws of Hong Kong SAR and changed its name to Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited on May 13, 2013.
VEI CHN is an investment holding company. The Company provides IT Business services and solutions to the retail sector through
three operating subsidiaries located in Hong Kong SAR and the People s Republic of China PRC ). 

On September 2, 2008 VEI CHN established its first operating subsidiary,
Value Exchange Int l (Shanghai) Limited VEI SHG in Shanghai, PRC, under the laws of the PRC. VEI SHG engages in
software development, trading and servicing of computer hardware and software activities. 

On September 25, 2008, VEI CHN acquired its second operating subsidiary,
TAP Services (HK) Limited in Hong Kong which subsequently changed its name to Value Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited VEI
HKG on May 14, 2013. VEI HKG engages in software development, trading and servicing of computer hardware and software activities. 

On May 14, 2013, VEI CHN further established another operating subsidiary,
Ke Dao Solutions Limited in Hong Kong, which subsequently changed its name to Cucumbuy.com Limited CUCUMBUY on May 26,
2017. CUCUMBUY conducts consultancy services for IT Services and Solutions activities. On May 21, 2018, VEI CHN disposed of CUCUMBUY with
consideration of HK 1. 

In January 2017, VEI CHN acquired of the capital stock of TapServices,
Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines (the TSI ). TSI engages in software development,
trading and servicing of computer hardware and software activities in Philippines. TSI is operated as a subsidiary of VEI CHN. Prior to
and continuing after the acquisition, TSI relied on VEI CHN for provision of IT services. 

In January 2019, VEI SHG established an operating subsidiary, Value
Exchange Int l (Hunan) Limited VEI HN in Hunan, PRC, under the laws of the PRC. VEI HN engages in IT service call-center
activities. 

In February 2020, VEI SHG established an operating
subsidiary, Shanghai Zhaonan Hengan Information Technology Co., Limited SZH in Shanghai, PRC, under the laws of the PRC.
SZH engages in IT services. 

In January 2022, VEI HKG established an operating
subsidiary, Haomeng Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Limited. HTS in Shenzhen, PRC, under the laws of the PRC. SZH engages in
IT services. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company held five wholly-owned subsidiaries,
and two subsidiaries with 51 ownership. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), and include the
financial statements of the Company and all its wholly-owned subsidiaries that require consolidation. All material intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated in the consolidation. The following entities were consolidated as of December 31, 2022: 

Parent Company 
 Parent Company 

Technology Co., Limited 

Limited 

- 

Note a: The remaining 49 share equity of VEI HN is owned by Li Gongyuan,
a Chinese national. 

 Note b: The remaining 49 share equity of SZH is owned by Shanghai
Nanan Cosmeceutical Technology Development Limited, a Chinese company, which 54.6 share is effectively controlled by Li Chengliang, a
Chinese national. 

years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Computer software 
 
 years 
 
 Office furniture and equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Motor Vehicle 
 
 years 
 
 Building 
 
 years 

Revenues of maintenance services are recognized when the services are
performed in accordance with the contract term. 

Revenues of sale of software, if not bundled with other arrangements,
are recognized when shipped and customer acceptance obtained, if all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Costs associated with
revenues are recognized when incurred. 

Revenues are recorded net of value-added taxes, sales discounts and
returns. There were no sales returns during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

systems maintenance 

sales of hardware and consumables 

Billings in excess of revenues recognized are recorded as deferred
revenue. 

and , respectively. 

Average period ended 

HKD : USD exchange rate 

Average period ended 

PESO : USD exchange rate 

Average period ended 

Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 RMB : USD exchange rate 

HKD : USD exchange rate 

PESO : USD exchange rate 

In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference
Rate Reform (Topic 848), which provides optional guidance to ease the potential accounting and financial reporting burden of reference
rate reform, including the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates
to alternative reference rates. The new guidance provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to transactions
affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. These transactions include contract modifications, hedging relationships,
and the sale or transfer of debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. Entities may apply the provisions of the new standard as of
the beginning of the reporting period when the election is made. Unlike other topics, the provisions of this update are only available
until December 31, 2022, by which time the reference rate replacement activity is expected to be completed. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and has yet to elect an adoption date. 

In August 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-06, Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205), Financial Services Depository and Lending (Topic 942), and Financial Services Investment
Companies (Topic 946). The ASU includes Release No.33-10786, Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses.
This update amends certain SEC disclosure guidance that is included in the accounting standards codification to reflect the SEC s
recent issuance of rules intended to modernize and streamline disclosure requirements, including updates to business acquisition and disposition
significance tests used, the significance thresholds for proforma statement disclosures, the number of preceding years of financial statements
required for disclosure, and other provisions in the SEC releases. The guidance is effective upon its addition to the FASB codification.
The Company is assessing the impact of ASU No. 2021-06 but does not expect that it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations
(Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The ASU addresses diversity
and inconsistency related to the recognition and measurement of contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination
and require that an acquirer recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance
with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022,
including interim periods within those fiscal years, and should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after
the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption of the standard is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption
of this standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the
FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on
the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable net 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did
not have delinquent accounts receivable to write-off. 

All of the Company s customers are located in the PRC, Hong Kong
and Philippines. The Company provides credit in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of
its customers and maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based on factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical
trends, and other information. 

Deposits 

Others 

Other receivables and prepayments 

Office furniture and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Computer software 

Motor Vehicle 

Building 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense
was capitalized into plant and equipment. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's
motor vehicle was under finance lease arrangement with a net carrying amount and respectively. 

The components of lease liabilities are as follows: 

Lease liabilities, non-current 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Total lease cost for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and . Weighted-average remaining lease term is years, and weighted-average discount
rate is . 

The following is a schedule, by years, of maturities of lease liabilities
as of December 31, 2022: 

Year two 

Year three 

Year four 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets 
 - 
 - 

Amortization expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to nil and nil, respectively. The amortization expense was included in general and administrative expenses. 

Less: Current portion of long term bank loan (i) 

Total (Long term) 

Short term bank loan (ii) 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of long term bank loan (i) 

Total 

(i) 

(ii) 

APB is affiliated with Chan Heng Fai, a
director and principal shareholder of the Company, by virtue of Mr. Chan s equity ownership of parent company of APB and his service
as the Executive Chairman of the parent company of APB. APB is also affiliated with the
Company directors Lum Kan Fai, Robert Trapp, Wong Shui Yeung, and Wong Tat Keung since they are affiliated with Mr. Chan and certain
of his affiliated companies by virtue of services as a director, officer or professional advisor to those affiliated companies. 

Income taxes payable 

Total other payables and accrued liabilities 

Accrual mainly represents salary payables and fringe and social security
accruals. According to the prevailing laws and regulations of the PRC, all eligible employees of the Company s subsidiary are entitled
to staff welfare benefits including medical care, welfare subsidies, unemployment insurance and pension benefits through a PRC government-mandated
multi-employer defined contribution plan. The Company s subsidiary is required to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages
of the qualified employees salaries. The Company s subsidiary is required to make contributions to the plans out of the amounts
accrued. 

The Company s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong manage a
defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund (the MPF Scheme under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, for
all of its employees in Hong Kong. The Company is required to contribute 5 of the monthly salaries for all Hong Kong based employees
to the MPF Scheme up to a maximum statutory limit. 

. No
provision for income taxes in the United States has been made as the Company had no income taxable in the United States. 

The Company s Hong Kong subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong
Profits Tax at of the estimated assessable profit. The Income Tax Laws in Hong Kong exempts income tax for dividends distributed
to its shareholders. Accordingly, no deferred tax liability was recognized for the undistributed earnings of the Company and its Hong
Kong subsidiaries. 

The Company s Philippine subsidiary is subject to Philippine
Statutory Corporate Income Tax at . 

The Company s PRC subsidiary in the PRC is subject to PRC Enterprise
Income Tax at . 

The Income Tax Laws in PRC also imposes a withholding income tax
for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside PRC for distribution of earnings generated
after January 1, 2008. Under the Income Tax Laws, the distribution of earnings generated prior to January 1, 2008 is exempt from the withholding
tax. As the Company s subsidiary located in the PRC that are available for distribution to the Company of approximately at December
31, 2021 are considered to be indefinitely reinvested, and accordingly, provision has been made for the Chinese dividend withholding
taxes that would be payable upon the distribution of those amounts to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary
located in the PRC that are available for distribution to the Company of approximately . 

The Company s income tax expense consisted of: 

Deferred income tax 

Income tax expenses 

A reconciliation of the income tax expense / (credit) applicable to
income before tax using the applicable statutory rates for the jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries operated to the
tax expense / (credit) at the effective tax rates are as follows: 

U.S. federal corporate income tax rate 

Philippine corporate income tax rate 

P.R.C. corporate income tax rate 

Hong Kong corporate income tax rate 

Current tax computed at various jurisdiction rate 

Deferred tax computed at various jurisdiction rate 

Effective income taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
Significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

of income after tax, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, until the fund amounts to of the company s registered capital; and; 

3. 
 Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve, if approved in the shareholders general meeting. 

The statutory reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation
and can be used to fund previous years losses, if any. It may be utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital
by issuing new shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholding or by increasing the par value of the shares currently
held by them, provided that the remaining reserve balance after such issue is not less than of the registered capital. 

Cucumbuy.com Limited (ii) 

SmartMyWays Co., Limited (iii) 

Retail Intelligent Unit Limited (iv) 

AppMyWays Co., Limited (v) 

TAP Technology (HK) Limited (vi) 

Value Exchange International (Taiwan) Co, Ltd (vii) 
 
 - 

Due to related parties 

SA-Network Limited (viii) 
 
 - 
 
 Mr. Johan Pehrson (ix) 
 - 

Related party transactions: 

Cucumbuy.com Limited (ii) 
 
 - 
 
 TAP Technology (HK) Limited (vi) 

Value Exchange International (Taiwan) Co, Ltd (vii) 
 
 - 
 
 SA-Network Limited (viii) 
 
 - 
 
 Value E Consultant International (M) Sdn. Bhd (x) 

Service income received from 

Value Exchange International Limited (i) 

AppMyWays Co., Limited (v) 

Value Exchange International (Taiwan) Co, Ltd (vii) 
 
 - 

Management fees received from 

Value Exchange International Limited (i) 

Cucumbuy.com Limited (ii) 

SmartMyWays Co., Limited (iii) 

Retail Intelligent Unit Limited (iv) 

TAP Technology (HK) Limited (vi) 

Value X International Pte. Ltd (xi) 
 
 - 

(i) 

(ii) 

(iii) 

(iv) 

(v) 

(vi) 

(vii) 

(viii) 

(ix) 

(x) 

(xi) 

Wuhan Watson's Personal Care Stores Co., Limited 

Robinsons Retail Group 

11.9 
 
 PCCW Solutions Limited 

Individual customer accounts receivable that represented
10 or more of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Percentage of accounts receivable as of 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 PCCW Solutions Limited 

Robinsons Retail Group 

Aisino Wincor Nixdorf Retail Banking 
 Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Company 

Fujitsu South China Limited 

.00) Maximum Credit Line with simple interest accrued on any advances of the money under the 2023
Credit Agreement at Eight Percent per annum. The principal amount of any advance of money under the 2023 Credit Agreement (each being
referred to as an Advance is due in a lump sum, balloon payment on the third annual anniversary of the date of the Advance Advance Maturity Date ). Accrued and unpaid interest on any Advance is due and payable on a semi-annual basis with interest
payments due on the last business day of June and last business day of December of each year. A Lender may demand that any portion or
all of the unpaid principal amount of any Advance as well as accrued and unpaid interest thereon may be paid by shares of Company Common
Stock in lieu of cash payment. Company must request Advances from the Lenders. Either Lender may elect to separately, fully fund the Advance,
or both Lenders may jointly elect to fund the Advance based on Lenders agreement on the portion of the Advance to be funded by
each Lender. Lenders may severally or jointly reject any request for an Advance and neither Lender has an obligation to fund any Advance
under the 2023 Credit Agreement. 

Use of Proceeds . Advances
may be used to fund general working capital needs of the Company, which includes: expansion of existing business operations or business
lines to new geographical markets in Asia or other geographical markets; for development of new business lines (whether in existing or
new geographical markets); acquisition of assets or companies (whether in existing or new geographical markets); and payment of any sums
due under the Credit Agreement. 

Unsecured Debt Obligation . Any
Advance will be an unsecured general debt obligation of the Company. Further, there are no personal guarantees under the 2023 Credit Agreement. 

Events of Default . The
following shall constitute events of default under the 2023 Credit Agreement: (1) failure to make a payment of any Advance when due and
payable and Company fails to cure such default within ten (10) days after receipt of a written notice from the Lender; (2) failure in
the observance or performance of any non-monetary material covenant or agreement and Company fails to cure such default within thirty
(30) days after written notice of default from the Lender; (3) failure of Company to comply with the obligations, terms, covenants or
conditions of 2023 Credit Agreement, or breach by Company of any obligations, covenant, representation or warranty that is not cured
within thirty (30) days from the receipt of a written notice from a Lender; (4) filing of a petition in bankruptcy or the commencement
of any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws by or against Company, which filing or proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days
after the filing or commencement thereof, or if Company becomes insolvent; (5) petition is filed with a court to place the Company in
receivership or similar status for benefit of creditors and appointment of a receiver is unvacated and unstayed for an aggregate of sixty
(60) days; (6) for debts or judgments in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars and No Cents 100,000.00) in face amount, a writ of
execution or attachment or any similar process shall be issued or levied against all of the Company s assets, or any judgment involving
monetary damages shall be entered against the Company which shall become a lien on all of the Company s assets and such execution,
attachment or similar process or judgment is not released, bonded, satisfied, vacated or stayed within sixty (60) days after its entry
or levy; or (7) Company ceases to carry on its primary business line for ninety (90) consecutive days. The remedy for any default that
is not timely cured, if a cure period is allowed, is all sums due under the 2023 Credit Agreement becoming immediately due and payable. 

Conversion Right . The
2023 Credit Agreement grants the following conversion rights to each Lender. (1) Optional Conversion. Each Advance shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Company Common Stock at the option of the Lender who made that Advance (being referred to as a Conversion ),
at any time and from time to time, at a price per share equal the Conversion Price . The Conversion Price for a Conversion
shall be the average closing price of the Company Common Stock as quoted by the Bloomberg Financial Markets (or a comparable reporting
service of national reputation selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Lender effecting the Conversion if Bloomberg Financial
Markets is not then reporting prices of the Company Common Stock) (collectively, Bloomberg ), for the three (3) consecutive
trading days prior to date of the Notice of Conversion. The Conversion Price is not limited by a minimum price per share of Company Common
Stock applicable to the Conversion. As such, if a Lender or Lenders loan a significant sum of money under the 2023 Credit Agreement and
then elect to convert all or most of the loaned amount into shares of Company Common Stock, the resulting issuance of shares of Common
Stock could significantly dilute existing Company shareholders. 

Conversion upon a Change in
Control Transaction . In the event that prior to the time of repayment of any Advance that has not previously been converted
into shares of Company Common Stock, the Company shall consummate a Change in Control Transaction (as defined below), then
the total amount of Advances outstanding shall convert into shares of Company Common Stock at the Conversion Price. Change in Control
Transaction will be deemed to exist if (1) there occurs any consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Company
with or into any a third party and the Company is not the surviving entity, or any other corporate reorganization or transaction or series
of related transactions in which the voting stockholders of the Company prior to such event cease to own or more of the voting power
of the surviving entity after the transaction, or (2) in one or a series of related transactions, there is a sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the operating assets of the Company or all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis,
to a third party. 

Conversion upon Breach of
this Agreement. In the event that the Company breaches any provision of the 2023 Credit Agreement and does not remedy
that breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of a written demand from a Lender, then each of the Lenders may convert all or any portion
of the unpaid amount of their respective Advance or Advances into shares of Company Common Stock at the Conversion Price. 

Warrants . In
the event that a Lender elects to convert any portion of an Advance into shares of Company Common Stock in lieu of cash payment in satisfaction
of that Advance, then Company will issue to the Lender five (5) detachable warrants for each share of Company Common Stock issued in a
Conversion Warrants ). Each Warrant will entitle the Lender to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock Warrant Shares at a per-share exercise price equal to the Conversion Price. The exercise period of each Warrant will be five (5) years from date of issuance
of the Warrant. 

Chan Heng Fai is deemed to control GWI by virtue of his majority ownership
of stock of the parent company of GWI s primary shareholder, Alset International Inc. AIL ). AIL owns approximately
 of GWI s issued shares of common stock. Further, Mr. Chan is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AIL and he is also
the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder of Alset Inc., which is the majority stockholder of AIL. Mr. Chan also serves
as GWI s Executive Chairman of the GWI s Board of Directors since December 1, 2017, and he served as a GWI director since
October 23, 2014. Previously, Mr. Chan served as GWI s Acting Chief Executive Officer. Lum Kan Fai, a director of the Company, serves
as a Vice Chairman of GWI and served as GWI s chief executive officer, president and chief technology officer. 

Mr. Chan also controls AWMC by virtue of his ownership of approximately
 of issued shares of AWMC common stock. Robert H. Trapp, a director of the Company, is also a director of AWMC. 

Potential Change of Control . While
the purpose of the 2023 Credit Agreement is to provide necessary working capital to the Company and 2023 Credit Agreement is not intended
by the Company or Lenders to be a mechanism for effecting any change in control of the Company, if GWI loans a significant sum under the
2023 Credit Agreement and then elects to convert those sums into shares of Company Common Stock as well as exercise Warrants issued with
those shares, then GWI could attain more than 50 of the issued shares of Company Common Stock and thereby attain voting control of the
Company. Since the Conversion Price does not have a floor or minimum per share price, any decrease in the market price of the Company
Common Stock will increase the number of shares that a Lender could receive in a Conversion and the exercise of Warrants. 

The Company has an existing secured credit line with APB Credit Line
for million under a Loan Agreement, Security Agreement and Revolving Credit Promissory Note. The Company intends to use the 2023 Credit
Agreement with the Lenders as its primary debt funding source for working capital needs. The Company intends to maintain the APB Credit
Line in addition to the credit line under the 2023 Credit Agreement. As of the date of this Form 10-K, Company has an outstanding balance
of US under the APB Credit Line. 

As of the date of this Form 10-K, Company has an outstanding balance
of US million under the 2023 Credit Agreement. 

F-28 

<EX-3.2-1>
 2
 ex3_2-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2.1

Exhibit 3.2.1 

Amendment to Bylaws 

Adopted by Board of Directors on July 13, 2022,
by unanimous written consent. 

Article 1.03. Written notice of annual or special
meetings of shareholders stating the place, day, and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes
for which the meeting is called, shall be given by the secretary or persons authorized to call the meeting to each shareholder of record
entitled to vote at the meeting. Such notice shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of
the meeting, and such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the shareholder at
his/her/its address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation or sent to an email address of record on the corporate
records for a shareholder. 

</EX-3.2-1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kenneth Tan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Value Exchange International, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Kenneth Tan 
 
 Kenneth Tan 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Channing Au, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Value Exchange International, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Channing Au 
 
 Channing Au 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Value Exchange
International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kenneth Tan, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Kenneth Tan 
 
 Kenneth Tan 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Value Exchange
International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Channing Au, Principal financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Channing Au 
 
 Channing Au 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 veii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 veii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 veii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 veii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

