<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1413447_0001413447-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17576877</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318068</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4387653</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5013220</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4047572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3539136</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001413447-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301160730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001413447-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NXP Semiconductors N.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34841
		FILM NUMBER:		23693505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		BUSINESS PHONE:		31 6 54 265349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HIGH TECH CAMPUS 60
		CITY:			EINDHOVEN
		STATE:			P7
		ZIP:			5656AG

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KASLION Acquisition B.V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070925

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001413447-23-000006.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 nxpi-20221231.htm
 10-K

nxpi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification number) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing sale price of our ordinary shares on July 1, 2022 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, was billion. As of February 24, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding ordinary shares, excluding shares held in treasury. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Introduction and Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 Part I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Proper ties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II 
 31 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 104 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 105 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 105 
 PART III 
 106 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 106 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 106 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 106 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 106 
 Part IV 
 107 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 109 

Introduction and Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report and certain information incorporated herein by reference contains forward-looking statements, which are provided under the safe harbor protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Annual Report, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , forecast , expect , intend , plan and project and similar expressions, as they relate to us, our management or third parties, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our business strategy, financial condition, results of operations, market data as well as any other statements that are not historical facts. These statements reflect beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by our management and information currently available to us. Although we believe that these beliefs and assumptions are reasonable, these statements are subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. These factors, risks and uncertainties expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf and include, in addition to those listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following: 
 market demand and semiconductor industry conditions; 
 our ability to successfully introduce new technologies and products; 
 the demand for the goods into which our products are incorporated; 
 potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 trade disputes between the U.S. and China, potential increase of barriers to international trade and resulting disruptions to our established supply chains; 
 the impact of government actions and regulations, including restrictions on the export of US-regulated products and technology; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash, raise sufficient capital or refinance our debt at or before maturity to meet our debt service, research and development and capital investment requirements; 
 our ability to accurately estimate demand and match our production capacity accordingly or obtain supplies from third-party producers; 
 our access to production from third-party outsourcing partners, and any events that might affect their business or our relationship with them; 
 our ability to secure adequate and timely supply of equipment and materials from suppliers; 
 our ability to avoid operational problems and product defects and, if such issues were to arise, to correct them quickly; 
 our ability to form strategic partnerships and joint ventures and successfully cooperate with our strategic alliance partners; 
 our ability to win competitive bid selection processes; 
 our ability to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products; 
 our ability to successfully hire and retain key management and senior product engineers; 
 the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting regional instability, sanctions and any other retaliatory measures taken against Russia, which could adversely impact the global supply chain, disrupt our operations or negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets; 
 our ability to maintain good relationships with our suppliers; and 
 a change in tax laws could have an effect on our estimated effective tax rates. 
 
 We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaim any obligation to update our view of any risks or uncertainties described herein or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report, except as required by law. 
 
 In addition, this Annual Report contains information concerning the semiconductor industry and business end markets generally, which is forward-looking in nature and is based on a variety of assumptions regarding the ways in which the semiconductor industry, our market and business segments will develop. We have based these assumptions on information currently available to us, including through the market research and industry reports referred to in this Annual Report. If any one or more of these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual market results may differ from those predicted. While we do not know what impact any such differences may have on 
 1 

our business, if there are such differences, they could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurances that a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, will not have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition in the future. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak to results only as of the date the statements were made. Except for any ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required by the United States federal securities laws, NXP does not have any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after we distribute this document, whether to reflect any future events or circumstances or otherwise. 

The financial information included in this Annual Report is based on United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 In presenting and discussing our financial position, operating results and cash flows, management uses certain non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. These non-U.S. GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation or as alternatives to the equivalent U.S. GAAP measures and should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. A discussion of non-U.S. GAAP measures included in this Annual Report and a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures are set forth under Use of Certain Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures contained in this Annual Report under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 Unless otherwise required, all references herein to we , our , us , NXP and the Company are to NXP Semiconductors N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 This Annual Report includes market data and certain other statistical information and estimates that are based on reports and other publications from industry analysts, market research firms, and other independent sources, as well as management s own good faith estimates and analyses. NXP believes these third-party reports to be reputable, but has not independently verified the underlying data sources, methodologies or assumptions. The reports and other publications referenced are generally available to the public and were not commissioned by NXP. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. 
 2 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 NXP Semiconductors N.V. is a global semiconductor company and a long-standing supplier in the industry, with over 60 years of innovation and operating history. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenue of 13,205 million, compared to 11,063 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 We provide leading solutions that leverage our combined portfolio of intellectual property, deep application knowledge, process technology and manufacturing expertise in the domains of cryptography-security, high-speed interface, radio frequency (RF), mixed-signal analog-digital (mixed A/D), power management, digital signal processing and embedded system design. Our product solutions are used in a wide range of end market applications including: automotive, industrial Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, and communication infrastructure. We engage with leading global original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and sell products in all major geographic regions. 
 
 Our legal name is NXP Semiconductors N.V. and our commercial name is NXP or NXP Semiconductors . We were incorporated in the Netherlands in 2006 as a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap). 
 
 Our corporate seat is in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. Our principal executive office is at High Tech Campus 60, 5656 AG Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and our telephone number is +31 40 2729999. Our registered agent in the United States is NXP USA, Inc., 6501 William Cannon Dr. West, Austin, Texas 78735, United States of America, phone number +1 512 9338214. 
 
 Semiconductor Market Overview 
 Semiconductors perform a broad variety of functions within electronic products and systems, including processing data, sensing, storing information and converting or controlling electronic signals. Semiconductors vary significantly depending upon the specific function or application of the end product in which the semiconductor is used and the customer who is deploying it. Semiconductors also vary on a number of technical characteristics including the degree of integration, level of customization, programmability and the process technology utilized to manufacture the semiconductor. Advances in semiconductor technology have increased the functionality and performance of semiconductors, improving their features and power consumption characteristics while reducing their size and cost. These advances have resulted in growth of semiconductors and electronic content across a diverse array of products. The semiconductor market totaled 574.1 billion in 2022. 
 
 Reporting Segment 
 NXP has one reportable segment representing the entity as a whole, which reflects the way in which our chief operating decision maker executes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the Company. 
 
 End Market Exposure 
 Our product groups are focused on four primary end markets that we believe are characterized by long-term, attractive growth opportunities and where we believe we enjoy sustained, competitive differentiation through our technology leadership. The four end markets are Automotive, Industrial IoT, Mobile, and Communication Infrastructure Other. 
 3 

Automotive Industrial IoT Mobile Comm Infra Other Core Applications ADAS Electrification Vehicle Networks Secure Car Access eCockpit Body Comfort Convenience Powertrain Smart Home Edge Nodes Factory and Building Automation Home Entertainment Power and Energy Smart Appliances Medical Smart Retail Smartphones Wearables Mobile Accessories Wireless Basestations Network Security Banking Cards Government ID documents Transit Cards RFID Tagging Key Growth Drivers Radar systems Domain and zonal processors Electrification systems Secure connected Edge solutions Smart home and industrial automation Connectivity and crossover processors UWB mobile access solutions RF Power Systems 
 
 i. Automotive 
 Growth in automotive semiconductor sales relies on global vehicle sales and production trends and the increase in semiconductor content per vehicle, which is being driven by the proliferation of electronic features throughout the vehicle. Despite the decline in vehicles sales and production in 2020 due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 and the moderate growth in 2021 and 2022 due to the global supply crisis, the increase in semiconductor content per vehicle continued. 
 
 We believe three mega-trends will drive the semiconductor content increase in the future: Autonomous driving, electrification and the service oriented car. Each of the megatrends involve new functions and each new function requires new technologies. The path to full autonomy is driving the increase of driver assistance systems in the car already today. In the same way, strict emissions regulations as well as consumer willingness for energy efficient cars are accelerating the penetration of electrification, which has been even more intensified during the pandemic, with OEMs prioritizing investments in this area. Last but not least, many consumers want their cars to be service oriented, hyper-connected, configurable and upgradeable, in the same way as they are used to with their smartphones. 
 
 Semiconductor content per vehicle continues to increase due to government regulation of safety and emissions, standardization of higher-end options across a greater number of vehicle classes as well as consumer demand for greater fuel efficiency, advanced safety, multimedia applications and connectivity. Automotive safety features are evolving from passive safety systems to active safety systems with Advanced Driving Assisted Systems (ADAS) such as radar and vision systems. Semiconductor content is also increasing in engine management and fuel economy applications, like Battery Management Systems (BMS). Comfort and convenience systems and user interface applications, as well as infotainment features such as digital audio broadcasting are also areas with high semiconductor content increases. In addition, the use of networking in automotive applications continues to increase as various subsystems communicate within the automobile and with external devices and networks. Furthermore, we believe networking will play a key role in the electrical/electronic architecture transformation towards domain and zonal architectures. Smart car access, automotive Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and Near-Field Communication (NFC) are gaining ground in automotive as well, enabling the connection of vehicles and car keys to portable devices and the infrastructure. Data integrity and security hardware features for safeguarding memory, communication and system data are also increasing in importance. 
 
 Due to the high degree of regulatory scrutiny and safety requirements, the automotive semiconductor market is characterized by stringent qualification processes, zero defect quality processes, functionally safe design architecture, high reliability, extensive design-in timeframes and long product life cycles, which results in significant barriers to entry. 
 
 ii. Industrial IoT 
 The world is becoming smarter, more connected and more data driven, and the Industrial IoT market sits at the center of this global digital transformation. The Industrial IoT market is highly fragmented with a diverse collection of products and applications such as factory automation, smart home, smart appliances, home entertainment, smart retail, power and energy and medical electronics. 
 
 4 

Growth in the Industrial market is driven by the replacement of traditional mechanical equipment by smart, energy-saving and connected electronic equipment using various sensors, processors, connectivity, analog and security chipsets that align well with NXP s ability to provide a complete range of processing, connectivity and secure solutions. Reducing carbon emissions (global net zero emission commitments) will likely also be a key growth driver with large transformations expected of our energy systems. Factories and homes will need to rely much more on renewable energy (e.g., solar, wind) and increase efficient use of energy. The way we generate and store energies will likely be more distributed. The energy ecosystem needs to develop and ensure smart, efficient and reliable power delivery. 
 In IoT, growth is driven by the increasing use of high-performance edge and media devices (e.g., home entertainment, connected home assistants, home control and security) and low power IoT nodes (e.g. smart home, hearables, health trackers) where NXP scalable solutions across the entire embedded processing spectrum are ideally suited. Working and learning from home during the COVID-19 pandemic has been a major demand driver for smart home devices, computing peripherals, home entertainment and gaming consoles within our Industrial IoT business. 
 
 The increase in productivity with real-time insights and efficient processes for factory automation, the enhancement in consumer convenience, security and comfort for smart homes, the reduction of resource consumption and better energy efficiency for smart factories and cities, the increase in performance of rich media content in smart consumer devices and the need for better health prevention and monitoring solutions (wearables, smart patches and smart drug delivery devices) to help ensure the future health of millions of people are some of the key use-cases driving growth in Industrial IoT. 
 
 Finally, with the growing number of connected devices, latency, privacy and bandwidth have become critical limiting factors and Edge computing solves this by bringing the intelligence closer to the source. Security and tamper-detection capabilities are also becoming essential features of these Industrial IoT solutions. 
 
 iii. Mobile 
 Mobile includes applications such as smartphones, feature phones, tablets, wearables and mobile accessories. NXP has a strong focus on mobile wallet, Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and specialty custom analog solutions. The demand for faster speeds, improved battery life, fast charging, mobile wallets, highly secure localization and sensing technology, mobile transit and authentication is driving increased semiconductor content for NXP. The growth in this market is mainly driven by the increasing attach rate of these features across devices, vendors and regions, from flagship smartphones down to feature phones, from developed countries to emerging regions. UWB, thanks to its unique precision, robustness, and reliability, is emerging as a secure, fine-ranging technology capable of enabling a wide range of innovative location-based user experiences. The technology is gaining momentum thanks to wider chipset availability, adoption across various devices by multiple brands, and the formation of a strong UWB ecosystem across the whole supply chain and NXP is well positioned in this market. 
 
 iv. Communication Infrastructure Other 
 The Communication Infrastructure Other end market is a combination of three different application markets, namely 5G networks, digital network communications and secure edge identification solutions. 
 
 The transition to 5G and the cloudification of the network present a significant opportunity for NXP. More base stations are needed and massive MIMO radio technology - which provides better throughput and better spectrum efficiency - is greatly expanding the number of antennas and power amplifiers needed. Small cells are also deployed to improve coverage and capacity of wireless networks. In power amplification, as more bandwidth and higher frequencies are needed, we observe an increasing adoption of GaN technology because of its higher power output and efficiency. 
 
 Workplaces are evolving from offices to homes, and consumers and enterprises need to adapt to changing working conditions, leading to increasing demand for better digital communication capabilities and digital content. This creates strong growth in the network communications market. Meanwhile, billions of connected devices exchange more and more data, leading to strong demand for device edge and cloud processing solutions. 
 5 

Finally, in secure edge identification solutions, NXP has extensive experience providing customers with solutions for applications demanding the highest security and reliability (ePassports, eID credentials, transportation payment cards and RFID solutions). Further digitalization of governmental services, the trend towards secure contactless payment and the need to improve tracking, traceability and authentication of products are driving demand across these applications. 
 
 Products 
 We offer customers a broad portfolio of semiconductor products, including microcontrollers, application processors, communication processors, connectivity chipsets, analog and interface devices, RF power amplifiers, security controllers and sensors. A key element of our strategy is to offer highly integrated and secure solutions that are increasingly sought by our customers to simplify their development efforts and shorten their time to market. We believe we have the broadest ARM processor portfolio in the industry, from microcontrollers to crossover processors and from application processors to communication processors. 
 
 i. Microcontrollers 
 We have been a provider of MCU solutions for more than 40 years. MCUs integrate all of the major components of a computing system onto a single semiconductor device. Typically, this includes a programmable processor core, memory, interface circuitry and other components. MCUs provide the digital logic, or intelligence, for electronic applications, controlling electronic equipment or analyzing sensor inputs. We are a trusted, long-term supplier of MCUs to many of our customers, especially in the automotive, smartcards, industrial and consumer markets. Our MCU product portfolio ranges from 8-bit products to higher performance 16-bit and 32-bit products with on-board flash memory. Our portfolio is highly scalable, and is coupled with our extensive software and design tools. This enables our customers to design-in and deploy our MCU families, leveraging a consistent software development environment. Due to the scalability of our portfolio we are able to help future-proof our customer s products as their systems evolve, becoming more complex or requiring greater processing capabilities over time. For automotive applications, our microcontrollers deliver the required reliability, security and functional safety to address current and future automotive challenges. In an increasingly connected and networked society, where security is playing a more important role, our MCU families are equipped with varying security features (such as remote authentication, system/data integrity, secure communication and anomaly detection) to address different type of security risks. Our new i.MX RT crossover processors are built using applications processors chassis, delivering a high level of integration, high speed peripherals, enhanced security, and engines for enhanced user experience (for example, 2D/3D graphics), but powered by a low-power MCU core running a real-time operating system like Amazon Free RTOS or Zephyr RTOS. The i.MX RT series offers the high performing Arm Cortex-M core, real-time functionality, and MCU usability at an affordable price. Our S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains with S32K MCU s based on Arm Cortex-M cores with Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities. 
 
 ii. Application Processors 
 Application processors consist of a computing core with embedded memory and special-purpose hardware and software for secure multimedia applications such as graphics and video. Our products focus on consumer devices, industrial applications and automotive applications, like driver information systems, ADAS and vehicle networking that require processing and multimedia capabilities. We provide highly integrated ARM-based i.MX application processors with integrated audio, video and graphics capability that are optimized for low-power and high-performance applications. Our i.MX family of processors are designed in conjunction with a broad suite of additional products including power management solutions, audio codecs, touch sensors and accelerometers to provide full systems solutions across a wide range of operating systems and applications. Our i.MX 8 and 9 families are the latest generations of our general purpose application processors. Our i.MX 8 family is a feature and performance scalable multi-core platform that includes single, dual and quad-core families based on the Arm Cortex architecture for advanced graphics, imaging, machine vision, audio, voice, video, and safety-critical applications. Together, these products provide a family of applications processors featuring software, power and pin compatibility across single, dual and quad core implementations. Software support includes Linux and Android implementations. Our i.MX 9 series of application processors integrates hardware neural processing units across the entire series for acceleration of machine learning applications at the edge. In Automotive, our 
 6 

S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains based on Arm Cortex-A, Cortex-R, and Cortex-M cores with Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities with software compatibility from the MCU s to SoC s. 
 
 iii. Communication Processors 
 Communication processors combine a computing core, caches and other memories, with high-speed networking and input/output interfaces, such as Ethernet and PCI Express. Our portfolio includes 64-bit Arm-based Layerscape processors with up to 16 CPUs and Ethernet ports running at up to 100Gbps. Software support includes Linux and commercial real-time operating systems. Within enterprise and data-center communications infrastructure, our processors are used in switches, routers, SD-WAN access devices, Wi-Fi access points, and network security systems. Within service-provider communications infrastructure, our processors are used in cellular base stations, fixed wireless access Customer Premises Equipment (CPE), residential gateways, broadband aggregation systems, and core networking equipment. Although designed for use in communications infrastructure, these processors are also used in industrial and cloud server offload-applications. We also offer Layerscape Access processors, which implement baseband functions, principally for wireless systems such as 5G fixed wireless access and small cells. 
 
 iv. Wireless Connectivity 
 We offer a broad portfolio of connectivity solutions, including Near Field Communications (NFC), Ultra-wideband (UWB), Bluetooth low-energy (BLE), Zigbee, Thread as well as Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi/Bluetooth integrated SoCs. These products are integrated into a wide variety of end devices, such as mobile phones, wearables, enterprise access points, home gateways, voice assistants, multimedia devices, gaming consoles, printers, automotive infotainment and smart industrial devices. 
 
 v. Analog and Interface Products 
 We have a very broad portfolio of Analog and Interface products that are used in many markets, particularly automotive, industrial/IoT and mobile. In automotive we are the market leader in most of the applications, with integrated 77Ghz Radar solution for ADAS, battery management products for Electrification, audio processing solutions and amplifiers for car entertainment, Controller Area Network (CAN), Local Interconnect Network (LIN), FlexRay and Ethernet solutions for in-vehicle networking and two-way secure products for secure car access. In Industrial/IoT and mobile, we are a major supplier in interface, power and high-performance analog products. Our product portfolios includes I2C/I C, General Purpose Input/Output (GPIO), LED controllers, real-time clocks, signal and load switches, signal integrity products, wired charging solutions, fast charging solutions, DC-DC, AC-DC converters and high-performance RF amplifiers. We have also successfully engaged with leading OEMs to drive custom and semi-custom products which in turn allow us to refine and accelerate our innovation and product roadmaps. 
 
 vi. Radio Frequency Devices 
 NXP is the market leader in High-Performance Radio Frequency (HPRF) power amplifiers. We have an extensive portfolio of LDMOS, GaN and GaAs RF transistors. NXP s solutions range from sub-6GHz to 40GHz and from milliwatts to kilowatts. For base stations, NXP offers a full range of solutions addressing 5G RF power amplification needs from MIMO to massive MIMO based active antenna systems for cellular and millimeter Wave (mmWave) spectrum bands. We are engaged with the majority of the largest customers in mobile base stations and in several other application areas. In low and medium Power Amplification, NXPs low noise amplifier (LNA) portfolio offers solutions to meet future design needs in a wide range of applications. Two technologies serve the LNA portfolio, each with distinct advantages for their applications. Wireless infrastructure applications and many general wireless applications are served with III-V technology LNAs. Advanced SiGe technology is utilized in LNAs designed for wireless communication, cellular, consumer, automotive and industrial applications. 
 
 vii. Security Controllers 
 NXP is the market leader in security controller ICs. Our security controller ICs are embedded in smart cards (ePassports, electronic ID credentials, payment cards and transportation cards), as well as in consumer electronic and smart devices, for example in smartphones, tablets and wearables. These security controller ICs 
 7 

are suited for applications demanding the highest security and reliability. Nearly all of our security products consist of multi-functional solutions comprised of passive RF connectivity devices facilitating information transfer from the user document to reader infrastructure; secure, tamper-proof microcontroller devices in which information is securely encrypted secure element and secure real-time operating system software products to facilitate the encryption-decryption of data, and the interaction with the reader infrastructure systems. Our solutions are developed to provide extreme levels of security of user information, undergoing stringent and continued global governmental and banking certification processes, and to deliver a high level of device performance enabling significant throughput and productivity to our customers. 
 
 viii. Sensors 
 Sensors serve as a primary interface in embedded systems for advanced human interface and contextual awareness that mimic the human 5 senses interaction with the external environment. We provide several categories of semiconductor-based environmental and inertial sensors for the Automotive market, including pressure, inertial, magnetic and gyroscopic sensors that provide orientation detection, gesture recognition, tilt to scroll functionality and position detection. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 We manufacture integrated circuits and discrete semiconductors through a combination of wholly owned manufacturing facilities, a manufacturing facility operated jointly with another semiconductor company and third-party foundries and assembly and test subcontractors. We manage our manufacturing assets together through one centralized organization to ensure we realize scale benefits in asset utilization, purchasing volumes and overhead leverage across businesses. 
 
 The manufacturing of a semiconductor involves several phases of production, which can be broadly divided into front-end and back-end processes. Front-end processes take place at highly complex wafer manufacturing facilities (called fabrication plants or wafer fabs ), and involve the imprinting of substrate silicon wafers with the precise circuitry required for semiconductors to function. The front-end production cycle requires high levels of precision and involves as many as 300 process steps. Back-end processes involve the assembly, test and packaging of semiconductors in a form suitable for distribution. In contrast to the highly complex front-end process, back-end processing is generally less complicated, and as a result we tend to determine the location of our back-end facilities based more on cost factors than on technical considerations. 
 
 We primarily focus our internal and joint venture wafer manufacturing operations on running proprietary specialty process technologies that enable us to differentiate our products on key performance features, and we generally outsource wafer manufacturing in process technologies that are available at third-party wafer foundries when it is economical to do so. In addition, we increasingly focus our in-house manufacturing on our competitive 8-inch wafer facilities, which predominantly run manufacturing processes in the 140 nanometer, 180 nanometer and 250 nanometer process nodes. This focus increases our return on invested capital and reduces capital expenditures. 
 
 Our front-end manufacturing facilities use a broad range of production processes and proprietary design methods, including complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS), bipolar, bipolar CMOS (BiCMOS) and double-diffused metal on silicon oxide semiconductor (DMOS) technologies. Our wafer fabs produce semiconductors with line widths ranging from 90 nanometers to 3 microns for integrated circuits and 0.5 microns to greater than 4 microns for discretes. This broad technology portfolio enables us to meet increasing demand from customers for system solutions, which require a variety of technologies. 
 
 Our back-end manufacturing facilities test and package many different types of products using a wide variety of processes. To optimize flexibility, we use shared technology platforms for our back-end assembly operations. Most of our assembly and test activities are maintained in-house. 
 8 

The following table shows selected key information with respect to our major front-end and back-end facilities: 
 Site Ownership Wafer sized used Line widths used (vm) Technology/Products (Microns) Front-end Singapore (SSMC) 61.2 8 0.14-0.25 CMOS, eNVM, Power, BCDMOS, RF Nijmegen, the Netherlands 100 8 0.14-1.00 CMOS, BCDMOS, RF, Power MOSFET Austin (Oak Hill), United States 100 8 0.25-1.50 CMOS, Sensors, RF, Power MOSFET Chandler, United States 100 8 0.18-0.50 CMOS, eNVM, BCDMOS Chandler RF, United States 100 6 0.25-0.40 GaN Austin (Ed Bluestein), United States 100 8 0.09-0.18 CMOS, eNVM, BCDMOS, Radar Back-end 
 Kaohsiung, Taiwan 100 NFC, Automotive Car-access, In-Vehicle Networking, Micro-controllers, ADAS (Radar), Analog, Mixed-Signal and Power Bangkok, Thailand 100 Automotive In-Vehicle Networking and Sensors, Analog, RFID, Banking and e-Passport modules, Power Management Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100 Micro-processors, ADAS/Radar, Micro-controllers, Advanced Audio Processor, Sensors, Power Management, Analog and Mixed Signal, RF devices Tianjin, China 100 Micro-processors, Micro-controllers, Power Management, Battery Management, Analog and Mixed Signal 
 1) Joint venture with TSMC; we are entitled to 60 of the joint venture s annual capacity. 
 
 We use a large number of raw materials in our front- and back-end manufacturing processes, including silicon wafers, chemicals, gases, lead frames, substrates, molding compounds and various types of precious and other metals. Our most important raw materials are the raw, or substrate, silicon wafers we use to make our semiconductors. We purchase these wafers, which must meet exacting specifications, from a limited number of suppliers in the geographic region in which our fabrication facilities are located. At our wholly owned fabrication plants, we use raw wafers ranging from 6 inches to 8 inches in size. Our SSMC wafer fab facility, which produces 8 inch wafers, is jointly owned by TSMC and ourselves. Emerging fabrication technologies employ larger wafer sizes and, accordingly, we expect that our production requirements will in the future shift towards larger substrate wafers. 
 
 We typically source our other raw materials in a similar fashion as our wafers, although our portfolio of suppliers is more diverse. Some of our suppliers provide us with materials on a just-in-time basis, which permits us to reduce our procurement costs and the negative cash flow consequences of maintaining inventories, but exposes us to potential supply chain interruptions. We purchase most of our raw materials on the basis of fixed price contracts. 
 
 Over the past two years, semiconductor supply chains have been constrained. As a result, there has been a tendency towards longer term supply contracts with suppliers in exchange for capacity. From an operational perspective, all of our manufacturing facilities continue to operate around the world in accordance with guidance issued by local and national government authorities. 
 9 

Sales, Marketing and Customers 
 We market our products and solutions worldwide to a variety of OEMs, contract manufacturers and distributors. We generate demand for our products by delivering product solutions to our customers, and supporting their system design-in activities by providing application architecture expertise and local field application engineering support. 
 
 Our sales and marketing teams are organized into five regions, which are EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), the Americas, Japan, South Korea, and China and Asia Pacific. These sales regions are responsible for managing customer relationships and creating demand for our solutions through the full ecosystem development. In addition, our sales and marketing teams in the regions partner with our distributors and our large number of mass market customers. 
 
 Our sales and marketing strategy focuses on key defined verticals in Automotive, Mobile, Industrial IoT and Communication Infrastructure, deepening our relationship with our top OEMs and electronic manufacturing service customers, expanding our reach to our mass market customers, startups and our distribution partners and becoming their preferred supplier, which we believe assists us in reducing sales volatility in challenging markets. We have long-standing customer relationships with most of our customers. Our 10 largest OEM end customers, some of whom are supplied by distributors, in alphabetical order, are Apple, Aptiv, Bosch, Continental, Denso, Harman Auto, Hyundai, Samsung, Visteon, and Vitesco. We also have a strong position with our distribution partners, including our three largest, Arrow, Avnet and WT Micro. 
 
 Our revenue is primarily the sum of our direct sales to OEMs plus our distributors resale of NXP products. Avnet accounted for 20 of our revenue in 2022 and 18 in 2021. No other distributor accounted for greater than 10 of our revenue. No OEM for which we had direct sales to accounted for more than 10 of our revenue in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Research and Development 
 We believe that our future success depends on our ability to both improve our existing products and to develop new products for both existing and new markets. We direct our research and development efforts largely to the development of new semiconductor solutions where we see significant opportunities for growth. We target applications that require stringent overall system and subsystem performance. As new and challenging applications proliferate, we believe that many of these applications will benefit from our solutions. We have assembled a global team of highly skilled semiconductor and embedded software design engineers with expertise in RF, analog, power management, interface, security and digital processing. 
 
 To outpace market growth we invest in research and development to extend or create leading market positions, with an emphasis on fast growing sizable market segments, such as ADAS, in-vehicle networks and power management, as well as Edge computing to support the successful deployment in the IoT with our cross-over processing technology, but also in emerging markets, such as massive MIMO in RF Power and mmWave for 5G. In addition, we invest a few percent of our total research and development expenditures in research activities that develop fundamental new technologies or product categories that could contribute significantly to our company's growth in the future. 
 
 We annually perform a fundamental review of our business portfolio and our related new product and technology development opportunities in order to decide on changes in the allocation of our research and development resources. For products targeting established markets, we evaluate our research and development expenditures based on clear business need and risk assessments. For break-through technologies and new market opportunities, we look at the strategic fit and synergies with the rest of our portfolio and the size of the potential addressable market. Overall, we allocate our research and development to maintain a healthy mix of emerging growth and mature businesses. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 The creation and use of intellectual property is a key aspect of our strategy to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. We seek to protect our proprietary technologies by obtaining patents, trademarks, domain names, 
 10 

retaining trade secrets and defending, enforcing and utilizing our intellectual property rights, where appropriate. We believe this strategy allows us to preserve the advantages of our products and technologies, and helps us to improve the return on our investment in research and development. We have a broad portfolio of approximately 9,500 patent families (each patent family includes all patents and patent applications originating from the same invention). To protect confidential technical information and software, we rely on copyright and trade secret law and enter into confidentiality agreements as applicable. In situations where we believe that a third party has infringed on our intellectual property, we enforce our rights through all available legal means to the extent that we determine the benefits of such actions to outweigh the costs and risks involved. 
 
 We own a number of trademarks that are used in the conduct of our business. Where we consider it desirable, we develop names for our new products and secure trademark protection. Our trademarks allow us to further distinguish our company and our products and are important in our relationships with customers, suppliers, partners and end-users. 
 
 While our patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights constitute valuable assets, we do not view any individual right or asset as material to our operations as a whole. We believe it is the combination of our proprietary technology, patents, know-how and other intellectual property rights and assets that creates an advantage for our business. 
 
 In addition to obtaining our own patents and other intellectual property rights, we have entered into licensing agreements and other arrangements authorizing us to use intellectual property rights, confidential technical information, software and other technology owned by third parties. We also engage, in certain instances, in licensing and selling of certain of our technology, patents and other intellectual property rights. 
 
 Competition 
 We compete with many different semiconductor companies on a global basis, including with both integrated device manufacturers IDMs as well as fabless companies. Nearly all our competitors invest extensively in research and development, manufacturing, sales and marketing capabilities across a broad spectrum of product lines. Many of our competitors are focused on single applications or market segments. Most of our competitors compete with us with respect to some, but not all, of our product lines. 
 
 Our primary key public competitors in alphabetical order include, but are not limited to, Analog Devices Inc., Infineon Technologies AG, Intel Corp., Marvell Technology, Mediatek Inc., Microchip Technology Inc., NVIDIA Corp., Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corp., STMicroelectronics NV and Texas Instruments Incorporated. 
 
 The basis on which we compete varies across end markets and geographic regions. This includes competing on the basis of our ability to develop new products and the underlying intellectual property in a timely manner to meet customer requirements in terms of product features, quality, performance, warranty, availability and cost. In addition, we are asked to deliver full system capabilities which include multiple NXP devices and enabling software. This requires in-depth knowledge of specific applications in target markets in order to develop robust system solutions and qualified customer support resources. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our net revenue does not display consistent or predictable seasonal patterns. 
 
 Government Regulation, including Environmental Regulation 
 The information set forth under the Environmental remediation caption of Note 15 of our notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference. For additional discussion of certain risks associated with government and environmental regulation, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 11 

The names, ages and positions as of March 1, 2023, of our executive officers, including our chief executive officer, Mr. Sievers, are as follows: 
 Name Age Position Kurt Sievers 53 Executive director, president and chief executive officer Bill Betz 45 Executive vice president and chief financial officer Christopher Jensen 53 Executive vice president and chief human resources officer Ron Martino 57 Executive vice president sales Andrew Micallef 58 Executive vice president global operations Jennifer Wuamett 57 Executive vice president, general counsel, corporate secretary and chief sustainability officer 

Human Capital 
 At NXP, our diverse and talented employees, referred to as team members, drive the innovation that sets our company apart and fuels our success in the market. Our purpose is bringing together bright minds to create breakthrough technologies that make the connected world better, safer, and more secure. This purpose is reinforced by our values of innovation, expertise, collaboration, ownership and growth built on a foundation of trust and respect. Across the globe, we have policies and programs to attract and maintain the best talent possible. We focus on driving team member engagement; building thought leadership; embracing diversity, equity and inclusion; providing competitive and fair compensation and benefits; enabling talent development and growth opportunities; investing in future talent; focusing on team member retention; and giving back to our communities. 
 NXP s workforce includes direct labor (DL) and indirect labor (IDL). DL are those team members directly involved in manufacturing our products, while IDL consists of individual contributors, managers and executives in other functions such as research and development (R D) and selling, as well as general and administrative (SG A). At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 34,500 employees, which includes approximately 1,500 employees in our joint venture. Our NXP global workforce spans three regions encompassing 30+ countries and includes more than 11,000 team members dedicated to research and development of our products and solutions (representing 34 of our NXP workforce and 56 of our IDL workforce). 

Corporate Values and Team Member Engagement 
 NXP's values are our fundamental beliefs and guiding principles. They speak to how we operate, engage, develop and value our team members, and push the boundaries of creativity and innovation. We hold ourselves accountable to our values by ensuring they are reflected in all of our talent programs, including hiring, learning and development, performance evaluation, recognition, rewards, and promotions. 
 
 12 

To assess and improve engagement, NXP regularly conducts our global Winning Culture Survey, which is administered by a third party to ensure confidentiality. We invite team members to share their feedback on a variety of factors, including engagement, strategy, culture, leadership, continuous improvement, collaboration, execution, ownership, work environment, support and diversity, equality and inclusion. Insights from our survey equip us to improve the team member experience as well as our policies and processes. 
 We prioritize team member retention and closely monitor voluntary attrition as an indicator of engagement. This attrition is also compared to industry norms to ensure we are effectively retaining our employees throughout the world. During calendar 2022, our voluntary attrition rate was 7.5 for IDL, 18.1 for our DL population and 11.7 of the total population, a slight reduction in total year over year. We managed several initiatives centered around retention for strategic roles and top-performing talent. We also have broad-based programs targeting all team members ensuring that we are retaining our talent over the longer term. 
 
 Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 
 At NXP, the foundation of our values is trust and respect to ensure our inclusive culture. We recognize the importance of diversity, equality, and inclusion and respect the unique talents, experiences, backgrounds, cultures and ideas of our team members. Our diversity, equality and inclusion approach is centered around 
 Ensuring leadership commitment and accountability; 
 Building and sustaining a qualified and diverse talent pipeline and equitable processes; and 
 Fostering an inclusive culture and a sense of belonging to attract and retain the best talent. 
 NXP continues to contribute resources focused on driving cultural awareness across the Company, which is spearheaded by NXP s Vice President and Head of Diversity, Equality and Inclusion. The Human Resources and C ompensation Committee of our Board provides oversight of our policies, programs and initiatives focusing on human capital management, including workforce diversity, equality and inclusion . 
 NXP Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) enable our culture and inclusive work environment, as we work to ensure diversity of thought throughout our company and bring unique perspectives and skills to help those in our communities. Today, we have nine primary ERGs, with representation in Asia, Europe, Mexico and the United States. Membership and participation in ERGs is open to all team members, and global engagement is encouraged. To track the progress of our growing ERGs, we measure membership, programming and team member engagement for each group. 
 To support our diversity, equality and inclusion approach and demonstrate our commitment to transparency and accountability, we have established the aspirational 2025 diversity, equality and inclusion goals listed below to improve global gender representation and minority race and ethnicity representation in the United States. We continue to focus on hiring, developing, and retaining team members across all global sites to meet our 2025 representation goals. In a competitive hiring market, our overall employee population grew by 11 in 2022. Of this increased population, compared to 2021 there was a 1 increase with women in the global indirect labor workforce, 2 increase with women in R D positions, 3 increase with women of executive positions and the percent of women in the global workforce remained the same in 2022 compared to 2021. While we present gender representation data by men and women, we acknowledge this is not fully encompassing of all gender identities. 
 
 13 

2025 Diversity, Equality, Inclusion Goals 
 40 Women in Overall Global Workforce 
 30 Women in Global Indirect Labor Workforce 
 20 Women in Executive Positions 
 25 Women in R D Positions 
 50 Minority Representation in the United States 

2022 Diversity, Equality, Inclusion Performance 
 37 25 16 19 51 
 
 Executive positions are defined as individuals at the level of Vice President and above. Minority representation includes team members who self-identify as Asian, Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, American Indian or Alaska Native, Pacific Islander or two or more races. We also include within minority representation team members who have not self-identified an ethnicity. 
 
 Talent Development and Investing in the Future 
 NXP is committed to a 70/20/10 continuous learning model, including mechanisms for learning through on-the-job experiences (70 ), learning through others (20 ), and learning through education (10 ). Using a blend of internally designed and externally sourced courses and learning resources, we offer our team members around the globe a variety of training programs that provide real-time learning opportunities in support of key business processes, requirements and initiatives. We also provide a library of on-demand skills development and microlearning resources to all our team members. 
 We work to create developmental opportunities for our team members through stretch assignments, project roles, cross-functional interactions, cross-geography engagements, and both temporary and longer-term job rotations all of which are used to stimulate core skill and leadership competency development, to provide on-the-job learning experience, and to fuel career growth. 
 We also believe that our commitment to our internship programs and university partnerships are a key contributor to developing the new generation of talent, including engineers in our industry and company, and provide a pipeline of recent college graduates into our talent pool. Through our partnerships with universities across the world, we fund and support advanced research programs and projects that demonstrate our commitment to investing in the future of not only technology, but also students' knowledge and skills. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide total rewards packages that include market competitive base salary, as well as opportunities to earn short-term cash incentives and equity-based incentives. In addition, in an effort to meet the specific needs of our team members and their families, we offer locally competitive benefits programs, which vary by country/region, and include an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, retirement programs, healthcare and insurance benefits, allowances, paid time off, family leave, our flexible work arrangement program, and other team member assistance programs. 
 NXP s compensation programs are designed to attract the best talent and drive performance across all areas of our diverse workforce. NXP is committed to managing all reward-based compensation programs, including merit increases, incentive program payouts and long-term incentive awards, to deliver on our pay-for-performance philosophy. Rewarding performance is a critical foundation for our overall compensation program. 
 We believe that pay decisions should be made on three factors: external (i.e. market conditions), internal equity, and employee performance/contributions. We have developed a proactive process to evaluate each reward-based compensation program in real time and provide leaders with feedback to create more visibility into fair and equitable compensation while decisions are being made. NXP also utilizes third-party data to formulate compensation and benefits programs that are fair, equitable and competitive. We then empower leaders to recognize both individual and team accomplishments through a variety of compensation programs. 
 14 

Since 2022, we have linked a portion of our executive and employee compensation to our ESG Goals. For more information, see our 2023 Proxy Statement and the ESG Goals section in the Corporate Sustainability Report 1 . 
 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 We are committed to the safety of our employees, and we continuously assess safety risks globally to ensure workplace risks are mitigated. We are certified to the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, and have developed robust safety programs and initiatives to safeguard our workforce. In 2022, as a follow-up to a previous survey, we conducted a global survey on employee safety, inquiring about opportunities for improvement and asking employees about their comfort level when raising safety concerns. The follow-up survey had a participation rate of approximately 80 and the responses to all questions were more favorable than those provided on the previous survey. In particular, 94 of our employees felt that safety concerns are a high priority for NXP and 98 of employees felt that safety starts with them. We used the results from the follow-up survey to identify improvement opportunities, and have started working at our sites and locations to address these opportunities. 
 For the past three years, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has made it all the more important to maintain employee health and safety, and we have effectively managed our health-and-safety programs over this period. During the height of the pandemic, we hosted several successful vaccination drives in a number of countries where our employees live and work. As community conditions improved, we developed a global program for flexible work arrangements, offering eligible employees the option to perform a combination of onsite and remote work. We believe this approach emphasizing onsite safety, vaccination availability, and the option to work remotely addresses the safety needs of our workforce while ensuring the robust continuity of our operations. 
 
 Employee Representation 
 A number of our team members are members of a labor union and in various countries, local law requires us to inform and consult with employee representatives on matters relating to labor conditions. We have not experienced any material strikes or labor disputes in the past and consider our employee relations to be good. 
 We also have employee-lead worker s councils in various countries that provide input and oversight to many of the decisions made on behalf of employees. 
 
 Climate and Environment 
 As part of our commitment to reducing emissions and conserving the earth s natural resources, we have made the environment a key pillar in our Sustainability Policy and corporate strategy. We set company-wide environmental targets to optimize our use of resources, minimize waste and continuously improve. We periodically set and reset targets, and publish mid- and long-term targets on carbon footprint reduction and renewable energy consumption, as well as water and waste recycling. 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of potential global environmental risks that may adversely affect our business operations, such as climate change or natural disasters. 
 Our commitment to enabling a smarter, more sustainable world goes beyond our operations, and includes developing innovative product solutions that support the sustainability goals and objectives of our stakeholders. We monitor developments of global legislation by tracking current discussions, timelines, and the likelihood of new implementations. During the design and development of our new product solutions, we emphasize these potential requirements to coincide with new product introductions. By minimizing the environmental impact of our products in the early stages of the design process, we enable sustainable, green technology for NXP and our customers. 
 Additional information about our environmental strategy, targets, and metrics is included in our Corporate Sustainability Report, and can be found on our website 2 . 

1 The contents of our Corporate Sustainability Report are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Except as specifically noted elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the contents of our 2023 Proxy Statement are referenced here for general information only and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 2 The contents of our website, our Corporate Sustainability Report, and our Sustainability Policy are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 15 

Available Information 
 Our main corporate website address is www.nxp.com. Copies of our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on our website within the "Investors Relations" section as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The information contained on these websites as referenced is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks related to the semiconductor industry and the markets in which we participate 
 
 The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical. 
 Historically, the relationship between supply and demand in the semiconductor industry has caused a high degree of cyclicality in the semiconductor market. Semiconductor supply is partly driven by manufacturing capacity, which in the past has demonstrated alternating periods of substantial capacity additions and periods in which no or limited capacity was added. As a general matter, semiconductor companies are more likely to add capacity in periods when current or expected future demand is strong and margins are, or are expected to be, high. Investments in new capacity can result in overcapacity, which can lead to a reduction in prices and margins. In response, companies typically limit further capacity additions, eventually causing the market to be relatively undersupplied. In addition, demand for semiconductors varies, which can exacerbate the effect of supply fluctuations. As a result of this cyclicality, the semiconductor industry has in the past experienced significant downturns, such as in 1997/1998, 2001/2002 and in 2008/2009, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing life cycles of semiconductor companies products and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns have been characterized by diminishing demand for end-user products, high inventory levels, under-utilization of manufacturing capacity and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. The foregoing risks have historically had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Significantly increased volatility and instability and unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business. 
 It is difficult for us, our customers and suppliers to forecast demand trends. We may be unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of cycles or their effect on our financial condition or result of operations and can give no assurance as to the timing, extent or duration of the current or future business cycles generally, or specific to the markets in which we participate. In the first half of 2020, demand in the automotive market steeply declined as a result of manufacturing shutdowns by automotive OEMs due to the coronavirus pandemic, resulting in an unforeseen negative impact to our results of operations. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, demand rebounded across all end markets more quickly than anticipated and accelerated through the third quarter of 2022, resulting in our inability to fully satisfy customer demand. Beginning in the third quarter of 2022, we have seen a slowdown, primarily in our more consumer exposed end markets of IoT and Mobile versus the prior year with a significant degree of uncertainty for the near-term demand trends. In 2008 and 2009, Europe, the United States and international markets experienced increased volatility and instability related to the global financial crisis. In the event of a future decline in global economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and the resulting economic decline might disproportionately affect the markets in which we participate, further exacerbating a decline in our results of operations. 
 
 The semiconductor industry is highly competitive. If we fail to introduce new technologies and products in a timely manner, this could adversely affect our business. 
 The semiconductor industry is highly competitive and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, short product lifecycles, significant price erosion and evolving standards. Accordingly, the success of our business depends to a significant extent on our ability to develop new technologies and products that are 
 16 

ultimately successful in the market. The costs related to the research and development necessary to develop new technologies and products are significant and subject to increase due to current and expected inflation and any reduction of our research and development budget could harm our competitiveness. Meeting evolving industry requirements and introducing new products to the market in a timely manner and at prices that are acceptable to our customers are significant factors in determining our competitiveness and success. Commitments to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards may change during development, potentially rendering our products outdated or noncompetitive before their introduction. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, our revenue may decline substantially. Moreover, some of our competitors are well-established entities, are larger than us and have greater resources than we do. If these competitors increase the resources they devote to developing and marketing their products, we may not be able to compete effectively. Any consolidation among our competitors could enhance their product offerings and financial resources, further strengthening their competitive position. In addition, some of our competitors operate in narrow business areas relative to us, allowing them to concentrate their research and development efforts directly on products and services for those areas, which may give them a competitive advantage. As a result of these competitive pressures, we may face declining sales volumes or lower prevailing prices for our products, and we may not be able to reduce our total costs in line with this declining revenue. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The demand for our products depends to a significant degree on the demand for our customers end products. 
 The vast majority of our revenue is derived from sales to manufacturers in the automotive, industrial IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure. Demand in these markets fluctuates significantly, driven by consumer spending, consumer preferences, the development of new technologies and prevailing economic conditions. In addition, the specific products in which our semiconductors are incorporated may not be successful, or may experience price erosion or other competitive factors that affect the price manufacturers are willing to pay us. Such customers have in the past, and may in the future, vary order levels significantly from period to period, request postponements to scheduled delivery dates, modify their orders or reduce lead times. This is particularly common during periods of low demand. This can make managing our business difficult, as it limits the predictability of future revenue. It can also affect the accuracy of our financial forecasts. Furthermore, developing industry trends, such as customers use of outsourcing and revised supply chain models, including the direct purchase of semiconductor products by end product manufacturers instead of component manufacturers, may affect our revenue, costs, customer relations and working capital requirements. 
 If customers do not purchase products made specifically for them, we may not be able to resell such products to other customers or may not be able to require the customers who have ordered these products to pay a cancellation fee. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The semiconductor industry is historically characterized by continued price erosion, especially after a product has been on the market. 
 One of the results of the rapid innovation in the semiconductor industry is that pricing pressure, especially on products containing older technology, can be intense. Product life cycles are relatively short, and as a result, products tend to be replaced by more technologically advanced substitutes on a regular basis. 
 In turn, historically demand for older technology falls, causing the price at which such products can be sold to drop, in some cases precipitously. If this trend continues, in order to continue profitably supplying these products, we must reduce our production and procurement costs in line with the lower revenue we can expect to generate per unit. Usually, this must be accomplished through improvements in process technology, production efficiencies and efficient procurement pricing. If we cannot advance our process technologies or improve our efficiencies to a degree sufficient to maintain required margins, we will no longer be able to make a profit from the sale of these products. Moreover, we may not be able to cease production of such products, either due to contractual obligations or for customer relationship reasons, and as a result may be required to bear a loss on such products. We cannot guarantee that competition in our core product markets will not lead to price erosion, lower revenue or lower margins in the future. Should reductions in our manufacturing costs fail to keep pace with reductions in market prices for the products we sell, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 17 

Risks related to our business operations 
 
 In many of the market segments in which we compete, we depend on winning selection processes, and failure to be selected could adversely affect our business in those market segments. 
 One of our business strategies is to participate in and win competitive bid selection processes to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products. These selection processes can be lengthy and require us to incur significant design and development expenditures, with no guarantee of winning a contract or generating revenue. Failure to win new design projects and delays in developing new products with anticipated technological advances or in commencing volume shipments of these products may have an adverse effect on our business. This risk is particularly pronounced in markets where there are only a few potential customers and in the automotive market, where, due to the longer design cycles involved, failure to win a design-in could prevent access to a customer for several years. Our failure to win a sufficient number of these bids could result in reduced revenue and hurt our competitive position in future selection processes because we may not be perceived as being a technology or industry leader, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our global business operations expose us to international business risks that could adversely affect our business. 
 If any of the following international business risks were to materialize or become worse, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 
 negative economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments and international trade arrangements, such as the increase of barriers to international trade including the imposition of tariffs on imports by the United States and China, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties and the sovereign debt crisis in certain European countries; 
 social and political instability in a number of countries around the world, including continued hostilities and civil unrest in the Middle East and the armed conflict in Ukraine. The instability may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and operations via our customers and global supply chain and volatility in energy prices and the financial markets; 
 potential terrorist attacks; 
 epidemics and pandemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak, which may adversely affect our workforce, as well as our suppliers and customers; 
 geopolitical tension and disputes and resulting adverse changes in government policies, especially those affecting global trade and investment. Sustained geopolitical tensions could lead to long-term changes in global trade and technology supply chains and decoupling of global trade networks; 
 volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, in particular with respect to the U.S. dollar, and transfer restrictions, in particular in mainland China; and 
 threats that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation. 
 In addition, Russia s recent invasion of Ukraine has led to sanctions, export controls and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military and economic actions and resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets. Further escalation of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia could adversely impact the global supply chain, disrupt our operations, or negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets. Any such disruption could result in an adverse impact to our financial results. 
 
 Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. 
 Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition. We review our goodwill and other intangible assets balance for impairment upon any indication of a potential impairment, and in the case of goodwill, at a minimum of once a year. Impairment may result from, among other things, a sustained decrease in share price, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products 
 18 

and services we sell, challenges to the validity of certain registered intellectual property, reduced sales of certain products incorporating intellectual property and a variety of other factors. The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as a charge to results of operations. Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Any future determination of impairment of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and stockholders equity. 
 
 In difficult market conditions, our high fixed costs combined with low revenue may negatively affect our results of operations. 
 The semiconductor industry is characterized by high fixed costs and, notwithstanding our utilization of third-party manufacturing capacity, our production requirements are in part met by our own manufacturing facilities. In less favorable industry environments, like we faced in the first half of 2020, we are generally faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products. During such periods, our fabrication plants could operate at lower loading level, while the fixed costs associated with the full capacity continue to be incurred, resulting in lower gross profit. 
 
 We may from time to time restructure parts of our organization. Any such restructuring may impact customer satisfaction and the costs of implementation may be difficult to predict. 
 We have previously executed restructuring initiatives and continue to assess, restructure and make changes to parts of the processes in our organization. If the global economy remains volatile, our revenues could decline and we may be forced to take cost savings steps that could result in additional charges and materially affect our business. The costs of implementing any restructurings, changes or cost savings steps may differ from our estimates and any negative impacts on our revenues or otherwise of such restructurings, changes or steps, such as situations in which customer satisfaction is negatively impacted, may be larger than originally estimated. 
 
 If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, if regular or statutory consultation processes with employee representatives such as works councils fail or are delayed, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 
 We are a party to collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions. We are also required to consult with our employee representatives, such as works councils, on items such as restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures. Although we believe that our relations with our employees, employee representatives and unions are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate these agreements as they expire from time to time or to conclude the consultation processes in a timely and favorable way. The impact of future negotiations and consultation processes with employee representatives could have a material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our labor agreements and social plans, if significant disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our working capital needs are difficult to predict. 
 Our working capital needs are difficult to predict and may fluctuate. The comparatively long period between the time at which we commence development of a product and the time at which it may be delivered to a customer leads to high inventory and work-in-progress levels. The volatility of our customers own businesses and the time required to manufacture products also make it difficult to manage inventory levels and require us to stockpile products across many different specifications. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by costs relating to product defects, and we could be faced with product liability and warranty claims. 
 We make highly complex electronic components and, accordingly, there is a risk that defects may occur in any of our products. Such defects can give rise to significant costs, including expenses relating to recalling products, replacing defective items, writing down defective inventory and loss of potential sales. In addition, the occurrence of such defects may give rise to product liability and warranty claims, including liability for damages caused by such defects. If we release defective products into the market, our reputation could suffer and we may 
 19 

lose sales opportunities and incur liability for damages. Moreover, since the cost of replacing defective semiconductor devices is often much higher than the value of the devices themselves, we may at times face damage claims from customers in excess of the amounts they pay us for our products, including consequential damages. We also face exposure to potential liability resulting from the fact that our customers typically integrate the semiconductors we sell into numerous consumer products, which are then sold into the marketplace. We are exposed to product liability claims if our semiconductors or the consumer products based on them malfunction and result in personal injury or death. We may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence that our products caused the damage in question, and such claims could result in significant costs and expenses relating to attorneys fees and damages. In addition, our customers may recall their products if they prove to be defective or make compensatory payments in accordance with industry or business practice or in order to maintain good customer relationships. If such a recall or payment is caused by a defect in one of our products, our customers may seek to recover all or a portion of their losses from us. If any of these risks materialize, our reputation would be harmed and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products. 
 We and third parties regularly identify security vulnerabilities with respect to our products and services. The same holds for the operating systems and workloads that run on them and the components that interact with them. Components and Intellectual Property (IP) we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications we implement in our products, are also regularly subject to security vulnerabilities. As we have become a more data-centric company, our processors and other products are being used in additional and new and critical application areas that create new or increased cybersecurity, privacy or safety risks. This includes applications that gather and process large amounts of data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and critical infrastructure and automotive applications. We, our customers, and the users of our products do not always promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Additionally, new information can subsequently develop that may impact our assessment of a security vulnerability, including additional information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations or updates, become aware of additional variants and evaluate the competitiveness of existing and new products. 
 Security vulnerabilities and any limitations of, or adverse effects resulting from, mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, sales, branding, customer relationships, share price, prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. 
 Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are available. This, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation. 
 
 Our business has suffered, and could in the future suffer, from manufacturing problems. 
 We manufacture, in our own factories as well as with third parties, our products using processes that are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment and must continuously be modified to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the production process can reduce yields or interrupt production, and, as a result of such problems, we may on occasion not be able to deliver products or do so in a timely or cost-effective or competitive manner. Such difficulties may include rationing, or other forced disruption of utility supplies such as electricity, gas or water by governments or regulators which could lead to disruptions of our operation resulting in high costs and global supply chain disruptions. As the complexity of both our products and our fabrication processes has become more advanced, manufacturing tolerances have been reduced and requirements for precision have become more demanding. As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have in the past experienced manufacturing difficulties that have given rise to delays in delivery and quality control problems. There can be no assurance that any such occurrence in the future would not materially harm our results of operations. Further, we may suffer disruptions in our manufacturing operations, either due to production difficulties such as those described above or as a result of external factors beyond our control, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm. We may, in the future, experience manufacturing difficulties or permanent or temporary loss of manufacturing capacity due 
 20 

to the preceding or other risks. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on the timely supply of equipment and materials and could suffer if suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations or raise prices. Certain equipment and materials needed in our manufacturing operations are only available from a limited number of suppliers. 
 Our manufacturing operations depend on deliveries of equipment and materials in a timely manner and, in some cases, on a just-in-time basis. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit the amounts supplied to us or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Supply disruptions may also occur due to shortages in critical materials, such as silicon wafers or specialized chemicals. Because the equipment that we purchase is complex, it is frequently difficult or impossible for us to substitute one piece of equipment for another or replace one type of material with another. A failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of quality equipment or materials in a timely manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of equipment or materials due to current or expected inflation or other reasons and we are not able to increase the price of our products. 
 
 Failure of our third party suppliers to perform could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We currently use outside suppliers for a portion of our manufacturing capacity. Outsourcing our production presents a number of risks. If our outside suppliers are unable to satisfy our demand, or experience manufacturing difficulties, delays or reduced yields, our results of operations and ability to satisfy customer demand could suffer. For example, as part of the industry-wide shortage of semiconductors during 2022 we could not obtain sufficient silicon wafers from our foundry partners to meet the demand for our products, causing us to not fully supply the demand for our products, and negatively affecting our results of operations. In addition, purchasing rather than manufacturing these products may adversely affect our gross profit margin if the purchase costs of these products are higher than our own manufacturing costs would have been or if we are not able to increase the price of our products to reflect the higher input costs. Prices for foundry products also vary depending on capacity utilization rates at our suppliers, quantities demanded, product technology and geometry. Furthermore, these outsourcing costs can vary materially from quarter to quarter and, in cases of industry shortages like we experienced in 2022, they can increase significantly, which may negatively affect our gross profit if we are not able to increase the price of our products. In addition, we have entered into long term supply agreements with certain key manufacturing partners. The failure of these suppliers to perform under these agreements or an unexpected reduction in demand for these products could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Disruptions in our relationships with any one of our key customers could adversely affect our business. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from our top customers, including our distributors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate similar levels of revenue from our largest customers in the future. If one or more of these customers substantially reduce their purchases from us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We receive subsidies and grants in certain countries, and a reduction in the amount of governmental funding available to us or demands for repayment could increase our costs and affect our results of operations. 
 As is the case with other large semiconductor companies, we receive subsidies and grants from governments in some countries. These programs are subject to periodic review by the relevant governments, and if any of these programs are curtailed or discontinued, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the availability of government funding is outside our control, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to benefit from government support or that sufficient alternative funding will be available if we lose such support. Moreover, if we terminate any activities or operations, including strategic alliances or joint ventures, we may face adverse actions from the local governmental agencies providing such subsidies to us. In particular, such government agencies could seek to recover such subsidies from us and they could cancel or reduce other subsidies we receive from them. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 21 

Certain natural disasters, such as flooding, large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, may negatively impact our business. Climate change may cause a rising number of natural disasters that could negatively affect our operations. 
 Environmental and other disasters, such as flooding, large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, or a combination thereof may negatively impact our business. If flooding, a large earthquake, volcanic eruption or, extreme weather event or other natural disaster were to directly damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of existing inventory or result in costly repairs, replacements or other costs, all of which would negatively impact our business. Even if our manufacturing facilities are not directly damaged, a large natural disaster may result in disruptions in distribution channels, supply chains, movement of goods and significant increases in the prices of raw materials used for our manufacturing process. For instance, the nuclear incident following the tsunami in Japan in 2011 impacted the supply chains of our customers and suppliers. Furthermore, any disaster affecting our customers (or their respective customers) may significantly negatively impact the demand for our products and our revenues. In addition, climate change could cause certain natural disasters, such as drought, wildfires, storms, flooding or rising sea levels, to occur more frequently or with greater intensity. Such natural disasters pose physical risks to our manufacturing, IT facilities or our suppliers facilities, or could disrupt the availability of water and utilities necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities resulting in increased operating costs and business disruption, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm and weather-related disruption of water and utilities to these facilities. In addition, semiconductor manufacturing is a water-intensive process. Many of our manufacturing sites and those of our suppliers are located in semi arid regions that may become increasingly vulnerable to prolonged droughts associated with evolving changes to the climate, which may lead to water scarcity. If we and our suppliers are not able to implement adequate water recycling and conservation measures or if the water scarcity in a particular region becomes acute and restricts the availability of water necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities, our business may be significantly negatively impacted. 
 The impact of any such natural disasters depends on the specific geographic circumstances but could be significant, as some of our factories are located in areas with known earthquake fault zones, flood or storm risks, including but not limited to Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia or Thailand. There is increasing concern that climate change is occurring that may cause a rising number of natural disasters with potentially dramatic effects on human activity. We cannot predict the economic impact, if any, of natural disasters or climate change. 
 
 Risks related to regulatory or legal challenges 
 
 As our business is global, we need to comply with laws and regulations in countries across the world. 
 We operate globally, with manufacturing, assembly and testing facilities in several continents, and we market our products globally. 
 As a result, we are subject to environmental, data privacy, labor and health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate. We are also required to obtain environmental permits and other authorizations or licenses from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. In the jurisdictions where we operate, we need to comply with differing standards and varying practices of regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative bodies. 
 No assurance can be given that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with the laws and regulations to which we are subject or that we have obtained or will obtain the permits and other authorizations or licenses that we need. If we violate or fail to comply with laws, regulations, permits and other authorizations or licenses, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Furthermore, if one or more of our customers are sanctioned by regulators for non-compliance with laws and regulations, we could experience a decrease in demand for our products. For example, import and export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, are complex, change frequently, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified in recent years. In October 2022, the U.S. imposed restrictions on the export of US-regulated products and technology to certain mainland Chinese technology companies. Our results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to suspend activities with certain customers or suppliers due to the current and future changes in regulations. In 2020, due to regulations imposed by the U.S. government, we ceased shipments of our products to Huawei pending approval of export licenses. Furthermore, global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity, such as the EU General Data Privacy Regulation, are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory 
 22 

compliance environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with applicable privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. In addition, governments are increasingly imposing restrictions on foreign investment in semiconductor businesses and technology, such as the Dutch foreign investment control regime, that may limit our ability to execute strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Legal proceedings covering a range of matters are pending in various jurisdictions. Due to the uncertainty inherent in litigation, it is difficult to predict the final outcome. An adverse outcome might affect our results of operations. 
 We and certain of our businesses are involved as plaintiffs or defendants in legal proceedings in various matters. For example, we are involved in legal proceedings claiming personal injuries to the children of former employees as a result of employees alleged exposure to chemicals used in semiconductor manufacturing clean room environments operated by us or our former parent companies, Philips and Motorola. Furthermore, because we continue to utilize these clean rooms, we may become subject to future claims alleging personal injury that may lead to additional liability. A judgment against us or material defense cost could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our manufacturing operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations and initiatives to address climate change. 
 We are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, which govern, among other things, emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and ground water contamination and the health and safety of our employees. We are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. We cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 
 As with other companies engaged in similar activities or that own or operate real property, we face inherent risks of environmental liability at our current and historical manufacturing facilities. Certain environmental laws impose strict, and in certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances as well as liability for related damages to natural resources. Certain of these laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. While we do not expect that any contamination currently known to us will have a material adverse effect on our business, we cannot assure you that this is the case or that we will not discover new facts or conditions or that environmental laws or the enforcement of such laws will not change such that our liabilities would be increased significantly. In addition, we could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances or other environmental damage. In summary, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, regulated materials, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 Public and private initiatives to address climate change may result in an increase in the cost of production due to increase in the prices of energy, introduction of energy or carbon tax or the purchase of carbon offsets. A variety of regulatory developments have been introduced that focus on restricting or managing the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases. Enterprises may need to purchase at higher costs new equipment or raw materials with lower carbon footprints. Environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur expenses. New materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations may become subject to regulation. These developments and further legislation that is likely to be enacted could affect our operations negatively. Changes in environmental regulations could increase our production and operational costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks related to cybersecurity and IT systems 
 
 23 

Interruptions in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology applications, systems and networks to operate our business. The reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and software, and our ability to expand and continually update technologies in response to our changing needs is critical to our business. Any significant interruption in our business applications, systems or networks, including but not limited to new system implementations, computer viruses, cyberattacks, security breaches, facility issues or energy blackouts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our computer systems and networks are subject to attempted security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents, which, if successful, could adversely impact our business. 
 We have, from time to time, experienced cyber-attacks attempting to obtain access to and misuse our computer systems and networks. Such incidents could result in the misappropriation of our proprietary information and technology, the compromise of personal and confidential information of our employees, customers or suppliers or interrupt our business. There can be no assurance that a breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. 
 In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services, and systems, and those of customers, suppliers, and some of those attempts may be successful. Such breaches could result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, misuse, loss, or destruction of our, our customer, or other third party data or systems, theft of sensitive or confidential data including personal information (including personal data about our employees, customers or other third parties) and intellectual property, system disruptions, and denial of service. In the event of such breaches, we, our customers or other third parties could be exposed to potential liability, litigation, and regulatory action, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our reputation, and other financial loss. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. We have identified instances of employee misappropriation or theft of certain proprietary technology by individuals who are no longer employed by NXP. In some cases, such misappropriation may result in the violation of applicable export control regulations, which we report to relevant authorities as appropriate. As of the date of this filing we do not believe that any such misappropriation or theft known to us has resulted in a material adverse effect on our business or any material damage to us. However, there can be no assurance that these or other similar incidents will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. Accordingly, as these threats become increasingly sophisticated and continue to develop and grow, we are actively adapting our security measures and we continue to increase the amount we allocate to implement, maintain and/or update security systems to protect our infrastructure, intellectual property and data. As a global enterprise, we could also be impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection. Additionally cyber-attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to us, our customers, or other third party operations or services, financial loss, potential liability, and damage our reputation and affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers. 
 
 Risks related to intellectual property 
 
 We rely to a significant extent on proprietary intellectual property. We may not be able to protect this intellectual property against improper use by our competitors or others. 
 Our success and future revenue growth depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, our products, our proprietary designs and fabrication processes, and other intellectual property against misappropriation by others. We primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our intellectual property. We may have difficulty obtaining patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our proprietary products, technology and intellectual property, and the patents and other intellectual property rights we receive may be insufficient to provide us with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. We may not obtain patent protection or secure other intellectual property rights in all the countries in which we operate, and under the laws of such countries, 
 24 

patents and other intellectual property rights may be or become unavailable or limited in scope. Even if new patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to effectively protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property. In addition, any of our existing patents, and any future patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. The protection offered by intellectual property rights may be inadequate or weakened for reasons or circumstances that are out of our control. Further, our proprietary technology, designs and processes and other intellectual property may be vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, contractors and other persons. It is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our proprietary technologies, our products, designs, processes and other intellectual property despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property. While we hold a significant number of patents, there can be no assurances that additional patents will be issued or that any rights granted under our patents will provide meaningful protection against misappropriation of our intellectual property. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. We may not have or pursue patents or pending applications in all the countries in which we operate corresponding to all of our primary patents and applications. Even if patents are granted, effective enforcement in some countries may not be available. In particular, intellectual property rights are difficult to enforce in countries where the application and enforcement of the laws governing such rights may not have reached the same level as compared to other jurisdictions where we operate. Consequently, operating in some countries may subject us to an increased risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise use our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our suppliers or other parties with whom we engage. There is no assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property rights or have adequate legal recourse in the event that we seek legal or judicial enforcement of our intellectual property rights under the laws of such countries. Any inability on our part to adequately protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may become party to intellectual property claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs, pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products. 
 We have from time to time received, and may in the future receive, communications alleging possible infringement of patents and other intellectual property rights of others. Further, we may become involved in costly litigation brought against us regarding patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. If any such claims are asserted against us, we may seek to obtain a license under the third party s intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot obtain or take the view that we don t need a license, these parties may file lawsuits against us seeking damages (and potentially treble damages in the United States) or an injunction against the sale of our products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted. Such lawsuits, if successful, could result in an increase in the costs of selling certain of our products, our having to partially or completely redesign our products or stop the sale of some of our products and could cause damage to our reputation. Any litigation could require significant financial and management resources regardless of the merits or outcome, and we cannot assure you that we would prevail in any litigation or that our intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or all of our products, could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks related to human capital management 
 
 Loss of our key management and other personnel, or an inability to attract such management and other personnel, could affect our business. 
 We depend on our key management to run our business and on our senior engineers to develop new products and technologies. Our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals. The loss of any of our key personnel, whether due to departures, death, ill health or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for qualified employees, including skilled engineers and other individuals with the required technical expertise to succeed in our business, is highly competitive and the loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate the additional highly skilled employees required for the operation and expansion of our business could hinder our ability to successfully conduct research activities or develop marketable products. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 25 

Risks related to our corporate structure 
 
 United States civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us. 
 We are incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and substantial portions of our assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, certain members of our board and officers reside outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us or such other persons residing outside the United States, or to enforce outside the United States judgments obtained against such persons in U.S. courts in any action. In addition, it may be difficult for investors to enforce, in original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions located outside the United States, rights predicated upon the U.S. laws. 
 In the absence of an applicable treaty for the mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters to which the United States and the Netherlands are a party, a judgment obtained against the Company in the courts of the United States, whether or not predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws, including a judgment predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities law or securities laws of any State or territory within the United States, will not be directly enforceable in the Netherlands. 
 In order to obtain a judgment which is enforceable in the Netherlands, the claim must be relitigated before a competent court of the Netherlands; the relevant Netherlands court has discretion to attach such weight to a judgment of the courts of the United States as it deems appropriate; based on case law, the courts of the Netherlands may be expected to recognize and grant permission for enforcement of a judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States without re-examination or relitigation of the substantive matters adjudicated thereby, provided that (i) the relevant court in the United States had jurisdiction in the matter in accordance with standards which are generally accepted internationally; (ii) the proceedings before that court complied with principles of proper procedure; (iii) recognition and/or enforcement of that judgment does not conflict with the public policy of the Netherlands; and (iv) recognition and/or enforcement of that judgment is not irreconcilable with a decision of a Dutch court rendered between the same parties or with an earlier decision of a foreign court rendered between the same parties in a dispute that is about the same subject matter and that is based on the same cause, provided that earlier decision can be recognized in the Netherlands. 
 Based on the foregoing, there can be no assurance that U.S. investors will be able to enforce against us or members of our board of directors or officers who are residents of the Netherlands or countries other than the United States any judgments obtained in U.S. courts in civil and commercial matters. 
 In addition, there is doubt as to whether a Dutch court would impose civil liability on us, the members of our board of directors, our officers or certain experts named herein in an original action predicated solely upon the U.S. laws brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Netherlands against us or such members, officers or experts, respectively. 
 
 We are a Dutch public company with limited liability. The rights of our stockholders may be different from the rights of stockholders governed by the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. 
 We are a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) . Our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of association and by the laws governing companies incorporated in the Netherlands. The rights of stockholders and the responsibilities of members of our board of directors may be different from the rights and obligations of stockholders in companies governed by the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. In the performance of its duties, our board of directors is required by Dutch law to consider the interests of our company, its stockholders, its employees and other stakeholders, in all cases with due observation of the principles of reasonableness and fairness. It is possible that some of these parties will have interests that are different from, or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. See Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 Risks related to our indebtedness 
 
 Our debt obligations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 26 

As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of 11,250 million. Our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business by: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; 
 requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates in the event we have borrowings under our 2,500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the RCF Agreement because loans under the RCF Agreement bear interest at a variable rate; 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and any failure to comply with the obligations of any our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event default under the indentures governing our notes and agreements governing other indebtedness; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financial for working capital, capital expenditures, restructurings, product development, research and development, debt service requirements, investments, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may still incur significantly more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described above and affect our ability to service and repay our debt. 
 
 If we do not comply with the covenants in our debt agreements or fail to generate sufficient cash to service and repay our debt, it could adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. 
 The RCF Agreement and the indentures governing our unsecured notes or any other debt arrangements that we may have require us to comply with various covenants. If there were an event of default under any of our debt instruments that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could terminate commitments to lend and cause all amounts outstanding with respect to the debt to be due and payable immediately, which in turn could result in cross defaults under our other debt instruments. Our assets and cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under all of our outstanding debt instruments if some or all of these instruments are accelerated upon an event of default. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness or reduce or delay capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt and fund our planned capital expenditures and business plan. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 
 The rating of our debt by major rating agencies may further improve or deteriorate, which could affect our additional borrowing capacity and financing costs. 
 The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate our debt. These ratings are based on current information furnished to the ratings agencies by us and information obtained by the ratings agencies from other sources. An explanation of the significance of such rating may be obtained from such rating agency. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency s judgment, 
 27 

circumstances so warrant. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect our market value and/or increase our corporate borrowing costs. 
 
 General risk factors 
 
 The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and measures taken in response have adversely impacted the Company's financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar global health crisis, may continue to impact us in the future. 
 The COVID-19 outbreak has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. We experienced a significant decline in revenue in the first half of 2020 related to the COVID-19 outbreak and then a swift rebound in demand beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and accelerating through the fourth quarter of 2021. The situation remains uncertain and the continued spread of COVID-19 or variants of COVID-19 may result in economic slowdown or disruptions to our supply chain in one or more geographic areas in which we operate, including the possibility that it could lead to a global recession. Specifically, in the last quarter of 2022 we experienced an unexpected decrease in demand in mainland China due to the increased COVID-19 infection rate. Risks related to a slowdown or recession are described in our risk factor titled Significantly increased volatility and instability and unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business above. 
 The spread of COVID-19 caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may reinstitute these and additional measures as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. 
 The degree to which COVID-19, or a similar global health crisis, adversely impacts our future results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar global health crisis, adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, it may also heighten many of the other risks described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, this could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 
 Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021, a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting associated with ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access, change-management and IT operations over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. 
 During 2022, we completed the remediation measures related to the material weakness and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 The price of our common stock historically has been volatile. The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. The market price for our common stock has varied between a high of 234.90 on January 4, 2022 and a low of 132.08 on October 13, 2022 in the twelve-month period ending on December 31, 2022. The market price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations for many reasons, including in response to the risks 
 28 

described in this section, changes in our dividend or share repurchase policies, variations between our actual financial results or guidance and expectations of securities analysts or investors or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors, peer companies or suppliers regarding their own performance, or announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, joint marketing relationships or capital commitments, the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. In the past, following periods of market volatility, shareholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 
 We may have fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases. 
 The amount, timing, and execution of our stock repurchases may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes such as investing in our business, including operational spending, capital spending, and acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our ordinary shares on a quarterly basis. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our board and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. 
 Future dividends, if any, and their timing and amount, may be affected by, among other factors: management s views on potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions; earnings levels; contractual restrictions; cash position and overall financial condition; and changes to our business model. The payment of cash dividends is restricted by applicable law, contractual restrictions and our corporate structure. 
 
 The impact of a negative performance of financial markets and demographic trends on our defined benefit pension liabilities and costs cannot be predicted. 
 We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in a number of countries and a significant number of our employees are covered by our defined benefit pension plans. As of December 31, 2022, we had recognized a net accrued benefit liability of 335 million, representing the unfunded benefit obligations of our defined pension plans. The funding status and the liabilities and costs of maintaining these defined benefit pension plans may be impacted by financial market developments. For example, the accounting for such plans requires determining discount rates, expected rates of compensation and expected returns on plan assets, and any changes in these variables can have a significant impact on the projected benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs. Negative performance of the financial markets could also have a material impact on funding requirements and net periodic pension costs. Our defined benefit pension plans may also be subject to demographic trends. Accordingly, our costs to meet pension liabilities going forward may be significantly higher than they are today, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 Future changes to Dutch, U.S. and other foreign tax laws could adversely affect us. 
 The European Commission, U.S. Congress and Treasury Department, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations, particularly payments made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. As a result, the tax laws in the European Union, U.S. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect us and our affiliates. 
 Recent examples include the OECD s initiatives to revise profit allocation and nexus rules to allocate more taxing rights to countries where companies have their markets and to establish a minimum tax rate on a global basis. As part of the OECD framework to implement a minimum tax rate, the EU has adopted a directive on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational companies, also known as Pillar 2, to become 
 29 

effective in 2024. It is anticipated that other countries will also introduce Pillar 2 legislation. These initiatives include recommendations and proposals that, if enacted in countries in which we and our affiliates do business, could adversely affect us and our affiliates. 
 
 We are exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which could have an impact on our results. 
 We are required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions. We determine the taxes we are required to pay based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may be subject to unfavorable changes in the respective tax laws and regulations to which we are subject. Tax controls, audits, change in controls and changes in tax laws or regulations or the interpretation given to them may expose us to negative tax consequences, including interest payments and potentially penalties. We have issued transfer-pricing directives in the areas of goods, services and financing, which are in accordance with OECD guidelines. As transfer pricing has a cross border effect, the focus of local tax authorities on implemented transfer pricing procedures in a country may have an impact on results in another country. 
 Transfer pricing uncertainties can also result from disputes with local tax authorities about transfer pricing of internal deliveries of goods and services or related to financing, acquisitions and divestments, the use of tax credits and permanent establishments, and tax losses carried forward. These uncertainties may have a significant impact on local tax results. We also have various tax assets resulting from acquisitions. Tax assets can also result from the generation of tax losses in certain legal entities. Tax authorities may challenge these tax assets. In addition, the value of the tax assets resulting from tax losses carried forward depends on having sufficient taxable profits in the future. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 The Company's headquarters are located in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. As of March 1, 2023, the Company operates owned manufacturing facilities primarily in the United States, Netherlands, Malaysia, China, Thailand and Taiwan, as well as in Singapore (SSMC) together with our joint venture partner TSMC. The Company also owns or leases other properties in multiple countries for use as administrative, sales or research and development facilities. The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment are in good operating condition and adequate to meet our need for the near future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information set forth under the Litigation and Environmental Remediation captions of Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference. For additional discussion of certain risks associated with legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

30 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq stock market under the symbol NXPI. On February 22, 2023 there were 15 shareholders of record and 730,850 beneficial shareholders of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends Per Common Share 
 The following table presents the quarterly dividends on our common stock for the periods indicated: 
 2022 2021 First Quarter 0.845 0.5625 Second Quarter 0.845 0.5625 Third Quarter 0.845 0.5625 Fourth Quarter 0.845 0.5625 
 On January 30, 2023, the board of directors of NXP approved a 20 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend to 1.014 per ordinary share to be paid in cash on April 5, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. We currently expect to continue to pay dividends in the future. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Board has approved the purchase of shares from participants in NXP's equity programs to satisfy participants' tax withholding obligations and this authorization will remain in effect until terminated by the Board. In March 2021, the Board approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of 2 billion (the "2021 Share Repurchase Program"), and in August 2021, the Board increased the 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorization by 2 billion, for a total of 4 billion approved for the repurchase of shares under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. In January 2022, the Board approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of 2 billion (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program"). At December 31, 2022, there was approximately 437 million remaining for the repurchase of shares under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program and 2 billion remaining under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period 
 Total 
 Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Program (1) 
 Number of Shares Purchased as Trade for Tax (2) 
 October 3, 2022 November 6, 2022 2,620,196 147.71 2,065,200 16,600,635 554,996 November 7, 2022 December 4, 2022 318,794 161.66 209,500 14,454,957 109,294 December 5, 2022 December 31, 2022 221,381 163.56 220,800 15,418,236 581 Total 3,160,371 2,495,500 664,871 
 (1) Represents the number of shares that may be purchased under the remaining dollar repurchase authorizations noted above, calculated based on the share closing price at the end of the respective monthly period. 
 (2) Reflects shares surrendered by participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the Company's equity programs. 

31 

Company Performance 
 The following graph shows a comparison, since December 31, 2017 of cumulative total return for NXP, the Standard Poor's 500 Index, and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index. The graph assumes 100 (not in millions) invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each of the indices. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD A) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 
 Our MD A is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview - Overall analysis of financial and other highlights to provide context for the MD A 
 Results of Operations - An analysis of our financial results 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources - An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows and a discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity 
 Critical Accounting Estimates - Accounting estimates that management believes are the most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our financial results and forecasts 
 Use of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures - A discussion of the non-GAAP measures used 
 
 32 

NXP has one reportable segment representing the entity as a whole. Our segment represents groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our segment. 
 
 Overview 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) Three Months Ended Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(decrease) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(decrease) Revenue 3,312 3,039 273 13,205 11,063 2,142 Gross profit 1,891 1,707 184 7,517 6,067 1,450 Operating income (loss) 980 807 173 3,797 2,583 1,214 Cash flow from operating activities 1,076 785 291 3,895 3,077 818 Total debt 11,165 10,572 593 11,165 10,572 593 Net debt 7,320 7,742 (422) 7,320 7,742 (422) Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 261,448 268,545 (7,097) 264,053 275,646 (11,593) Diluted net income per share 2.76 2.24 0.52 10.55 6.79 3.76 Dividends per common share 0.8450 0.5625 0.283 3.38 2.25 1.13 
 
 Revenue for 2022 was 13,205 million as compared to the 11,063 million reported in 2021, an increase of 2,142 million or an increase of 19.4 year-on-year. The increase is attributed to inflationary effects of increased input costs from suppliers which were passed along to end customers in the form of higher average selling prices and strong customer demand. 
 Our gross profit percentage for 2022 increased to 56.9 from 54.8 , primarily due to the significant higher revenue during 2022, which led to improved utilization and efficiencies, partly offset by higher personnel-related costs and higher supplier costs. 
 Revenue for the fourth quarter, which ended December 31, 2022, was 3,312 million as compared to 3,039 million for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 273 million or an increase of 9.0 . The growth compared with the previous year period results from higher average selling prices across all of our end markets and strong demand within NXP s Automotive end market, while the Industrial IoT, Communication Infrastructure Other and the Mobile end markets experienced slower demand signals versus the year ago period. When aggregating all end markets together, and reviewing sales channel performance, business transacted through direct OEM and EMS customers was 1,397 million, an increase of 8.1 versus the year ago period. NXP's third party distribution partners was 1,876 million, an increase of 9.8 . From a geographic perspective, revenue increased across all regions. 
 The gross profit percentage for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased to 57.1 from 56.2 , primarily due to the higher revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 which led to improved utilization and efficiencies, partly offset by higher personnel-related costs and higher supplier costs. 
 We continue to generate strong operating cash flows, with 3,895 million in cash flows from operations for 2022. We returned 2,244 million to our shareholders during the year in dividends and repurchases of common stock. Our cash position at the end of 2022 was 3,845 million. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the composition of operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 33 

in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 2021 Revenue 13,205 11,063 nominal growth 19.4 28.5 Gross profit 7,517 6,067 Research and development (2,148) (1,936) Selling, general and administrative (SG A) (1,066) (956) Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (509) (592) Other income 3 0 Operating income 3,797 2,583 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the year-ended December 31, 2022 was 13,205 million compared to 11,063 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,142 million or 19.4 year-on-year, with growth in all of the Company s end markets. 
 
 Revenue by end market was as follows: 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 2021 Increase/(decrease) Automotive 6,879 5,493 1,386 25.2 Industrial IoT 2,713 2,410 303 12.6 Mobile 1,607 1,412 195 13.8 Communication Infrastructure Other 2,006 1,748 258 14.8 Revenue 13,205 11,063 2,142 19.4 
 Revenue by sales channel was as follows: 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 2021 Increase/(decrease) Distributors 7,261 6,325 936 14.8 OEM/EMS 5,775 4,587 1,188 25.9 Other 169 151 18 11.9 Revenue 13,205 11,063 2,142 19.4 

34 

Revenue by geographic region, which is based on the customer s shipped-to location, was as follows: 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 2021 Increase/(decrease) China 1) 
 4,700 4,180 520 12.4 APAC, excluding China 4,165 3,471 694 20.0 EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) 2,582 2,036 546 26.8 Americas 1,758 1,376 382 27.8 Revenue 13,205 11,063 2,142 19.4 1) China includes Mainland China and Hong Kong 

n Automotive n Mobile n Distributors n Other n Industrial IoT n Comm Infra Other n OEM/EMS 
 
 The year-on-year increase in revenue is driven by a combination of higher average selling prices across all of our end markets and ongoing customer demand. Of the 19.4 year-on-year revenue increase, approximately 14 is attributable to higher average selling prices and 5 is attributable to product mix and increased sales volume. 
 From an end market perspective, within the automotive end market the year-on-year growth was attributable to advanced analog, automotive processing and radar in support of the secular shift of electrification, advanced driver safety and assistance, and driver connectivity systems. The growth within the Industrial IoT market reflects the increase in revenue in the company s ARM-based processing solutions, industrial analog products, and IoT connectivity solutions. Growth within the Mobile end market was due to ongoing adoption of our secure embedded transaction solutions along with the company s growth in our advanced analog high-speed interfaces. The growth within the Communication Infrastructure Other end market was attributable to the network edge equipment, RFID tagging solutions, the transit and access solutions, and cellular base stations. Offsetting these positive growth trends were declines in demand for company s smart antennae products used in the Android mobile handset market, as well as declines in demand for the company s embedded power products, and wireless access point solutions. 
 When aggregating all end markets together, and reviewing sales channel performance, business transacted through direct OEM and EMS customers was 5,775 million, an increase of 25.9 versus the year ago period. NXP's third party distribution partners was 7,261 million, an increase of 14.8 . 
 From a geographic perspective, revenue increased across all regions. 
 Revenue in the Automotive end market was 6,879 million, an increase of 1,386 million or 25.2 versus the year ago period. Within Automotive, customers are focused on the key functional pillars of safety, electrification and improved driver comfort to accelerate competitive differentiation. These broad functional areas are fundamentally enabled by the secular adoption of new and increased levels of semiconductor content, which is layered on top of a strong base of existing electronic content in modern automobiles. The increase in Automotive revenue can be attributed to growth in advanced analog, automotive processing and radar in support 
 35 

of the secular shift of electrification, advanced driver safety and assistance, and driver connectivity systems. From a channel perspective, the Company experienced growth from direct OEM and EMS customers and NXP's distribution partners across all geographic regions. 
 Revenue in the Industrial IoT end market was 2,713 million, an increase of 303 million or 12.6 versus the year ago period. The Industrial IoT market is driven by the secular trend of multi-market OEMs seeking to enable secure, connected, high performance processing solutions at the edge of the network, whether it is in factory automation, smart building/smart home or the exploding plethora of connected IoT devices. The innovation in this market is being driven by thousands of relatively smaller customers, which NXP effectively services through its extended global distribution channel. The increase in revenue was due to growth in the company s ARM-based processing solutions, industrial analog products, and IoT connectivity solutions. The Industrial IoT end market experienced slower demand since second half of 2022 versus the year ago period as a result of lower demand for consumer centric IoT products. From a channel perspective, the Company experienced growth from its distribution channel partners in the Asia Pacific, Europe, Americas and China regions. 
 Revenue in the Mobile end market was 1,607 million, an increase of 195 million or 13.8 versus the year ago period. The increase in revenue was due to strong adoption of secure mobile wallet solutions, and demand for our advanced analog high-speed interfaces, partly offset by declines in embedded power solutions. Within the Mobile end market, we experienced softening demand from Android-based mobile customers, offset by strength experienced from other premium mobile customers. Our mobile customers are primarily serviced through our global distribution channels. From a channel perspective, NXP s distribution partners in China and Asia Pacific facilitated the year-on-year growth, servicing the concentrated mobile manufacturing centers in Asia. 
 Revenue in the Communication Infrastructure Other end market was 2,006 million, an increase of 258 million or 14.8 versus the year ago period. The Communication Infrastructure Other end market is an amalgamation of three separate product portfolios, which service multiple end markets, including cellular base stations, the network edge equipment, and the secure access, transit and government sponsored identification market. The increase in revenue was due to a combination of strength from network edge equipment, RF Power products levered to the secular build-out of 5G base stations, and the ongoing demand for RFID tagging solutions and transit and access solutions. Offsetting these positive growth trends were declines in demand for the company s smart antennae products used in the Android mobile handset market, as well as declines in demand for wireless access point solutions. From a channel perspective, NXP s distribution partners in China, Asia Pacific, the Americas, and Europe regions were responsible for the year-on-year growth. Additionally, OEM and EMS revenues increased in the China and Europe geographic regions. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year-ended December 31, 2022 was 7,517 million, or 56.9 of revenue, compared to 6,067 million, or 54.8 of revenue, for the year-ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 1,450 million was primarily driven by higher selling prices as well as improved factory loading as a result of increased manufacturing volumes to meet increased demand, which were mostly offset by higher input costs and a less favorable product mix. As a result, the gross margin percentage increased to 56.9 from 54.8 . 
 
 36 

Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the year-ended December 31, 2022 totaled 3,723 million, or 28.2 of revenue, compared to 3,484 million, or 31.5 of revenue, for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 

The following table below presents the composition of operating expenses by line item in the statement of operations. 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 of 
 revenue 
 2021 of 
 revenue 
 change Research and development 2,148 16.3 1,936 17.5 11.0 Selling, general and administrative 1,066 8.1 956 8.6 11.5 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 509 3.9 592 5.4 (14.0) Operating expenses 3,723 28.2 3,484 31.5 6.9 

n R D n SG A n Amortization acquisition-related 
 
 The increase in operating expenses was a result of the following items: 
 
 Research and development (R D) costs primarily consist of engineer salaries and wages (including share based compensation and other variable compensation), engineering related costs (including outside services, fixed-asset, IP and other licenses related costs), shared service center costs and other pre-production related expenses. 
 
 37 

R D costs for the year-ended December 31, 2022 increased by 212 million, or 11.0 , when compared to last year driven by: 
 + higher personnel-related costs; 
 + higher professional services; 
 + higher share-based compensation expenses; and 
 - lower variable compensation costs. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative (SG A) costs primarily consist of personnel salaries and wages (including share based compensation and other variable compensation), communication and IT related costs, fixed-asset related costs and sales and marketing costs (including travel expenses). 
 
 SG A costs for the year-ended December 31, 2022 increased by 110 million, or 11.5 , when compared to last year mainly due to: 
 + higher professional services; 
 + higher legal expense; 
 + higher travel expenses; and 
 - lower variable compensation costs. 
 
 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets decreased by 83 million, or 14.0 , when compared to last year driven by: 
 - certain intangibles became fully amortized during 2021; and 
 - an impairment charge in 2021 as a result of the discontinuation of an IPR D project. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) includes results from manufacturing service arrangements MSA and transitional service arrangements TSA that are put into place when we divest a business or activity, as well as other activity. These arrangements are expected to decrease as the divested business or activity becomes more established. Other income (expense) reflects an income of 3 million for 2022, compared to nil in 2021. 

Financial Income (Expense) 
 in millions) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income 61 4 Interest expense (427) (369) Total interest expense, net (366) (365) Foreign exchange rate results (17) 5 Extinguishment of debt (18) (22) Miscellaneous financing income (expense) and other, net (33) (21) Total other financial income (expense) (68) (38) Total (434) (403) 
 
 Financial income (expense) was an expense of 434 million in 2022, compared to an expense of 403 million in 2021. The change in financial income (expense) is primarily attributable to an increase in interest expense of 58 million as a result of (re-)financing activities, foreign exchange results, which resulted in a loss of 17 million in 2022 versus a profit of 5 million in 2021 and a change in miscellaneous financial income/expense of 12 million, mainly driven by 5 million interest expense on corporate income tax in 2022, vs. nil in 2021. This was partially offset by higher interest income of 57 million as a result of higher interest rates, and lower debt extinguishment costs in 2022 versus 2021 of 4 million. 
 
 38 

Benefit (Provision) for Income Taxes 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 529 million for the year-ended December 31, 2022, which reflects an effective tax rate of 15.7 compared to a expense of 272 million (12.5 for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 2022 2021 Statutory income tax in the Netherlands 868 25.8 545 25.0 Rate differential local statutory rates versus statutory rate of the Netherlands (80) (2.4) (42) (1.9) Net change in valuation allowance (20) (0.9) Non-deductible expenses/losses 56 1.7 53 2.5 Netherlands tax incentives (113) (3.4) (69) (3.2) Foreign tax incentives (266) (7.9) (163) (7.5) Changes in estimates of prior years income taxes (2) (0.1) (21) (1.0) Sale of non-deductible goodwill Withholding taxes 8 0.3 (8) (0.4) Other differences 58 1.7 (3) (0.1) Effective tax rate 529 15.7 272 12.5 
 
 The effective tax rate reflects the impact of tax incentives, a portion of our earnings being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates different than the Netherlands statutory tax rate, changes in estimates of prior years' income taxes, change in valuation allowance and non-deductible expenses, sale of non-deductible goodwill and withholding taxes. The impact of these items results in offsetting factors that attribute to the change in the effective tax rate between the two periods, with the significant drivers outlined below: 
 
 The Company benefits from certain tax incentives, which reduce the effective tax rate. The dollar amount of the incentive in any given year is commensurate with the taxable income in that same period. For 2022, the foreign tax and Netherlands tax incentives were higher than 2021 by 147 million, mainly due to the fact that NXP benefited from higher qualifying income and also taking into account the effect of specific U.S. tax law that became effective as from 2022. 
 The movement in the valuation allowance was mostly due to new Dutch corporate income tax law applicable as from 2019. A portion of the interest expenses is non-deductible in the year it is recorded but can be carried forward without expiration. The release of the valuation allowance in 2021 is due to higher qualifying income compared to 2020 and 2019. 
 The movement in the withholding taxes in 2022 as compared to 2021 is mainly due to considering more undistributed earnings as indefinitely reinvested in 2021, resulting in a 2021 tax benefit of 17 million. 
 The other differences tax expense in 2022 is mainly relating to lower excess tax benefits, unfavorable FX-effects and higher taxes due on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) inclusions in U.S. compared to the same period in 2021. GILTI is recognized as a current period expense when incurred. 

Results Relating to Equity-accounted Investees 
 Results relating to equity-accounted investees amounted to a loss of 1 million in 2022, whereas in 2021, results relating to equity-accounted investees amounted to a loss of 2 million. 
 
 Non-controlling Interests 
 Non-controlling interests are related to the third-party share in the results of consolidated companies, predominantly SSMC. Their share of non-controlling interests amounted to a profit of 46 million for the year-ended December 31, 2022, compared to a profit of 35 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 39 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We derive our liquidity and capital resources primarily from our cash flows from operations. We continue to generate strong positive operating cash flows, and we currently use cash to fund operations, meet working capital requirements, for capital expenditures and for potential common stock repurchases, dividends and strategic investments. Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our current available sources of funds (including cash and cash equivalents, RCF Agreement, plus anticipated cash generated from operations) will be adequate to finance our operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and potential dividends for at least the next year. 
 
 Cash 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 3,845 million, an increase of 1,015 million compared to December 31, 2021 2,830 million), of which 227 million (2021, 208 million) was held by SSMC, our consolidated joint venture company with TSMC. Under the terms of our joint venture agreement with TSMC, a portion of this cash can be distributed by way of a dividend to us, but 38.8 of the dividend will be paid to our joint venture partner. During 2022 and 2021, no dividend was declared. Taking into account the available undrawn amount of the RCF Agreement of 2,500 million, we had access to 6,345 million of liquidity as of December 31, 2022. 

Capital return 
 The common stock repurchase activity was as follows: 
 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) 2022 2021 Shares repurchased 8,330,021 20,628,901 Cost of shares repurchased 1,429 4,015 Average price per share 171.59 194.63 
 
 Under Dutch corporate law and our articles of association, NXP may acquire its own shares if the general meeting of shareholders has granted the board of directors the authority to effect such acquisitions. It is our standard practice to request our annual general meeting of shareholders (the AGM every year to renew this authorization for a period of 18 months from the AGM. For repurchases of shares in 2021 and 2022, the board of directors made use of the authorizations renewed by the AGM on June 17, 2019, May 27, 2020, May 26, 2021 and June 1, 2022, respectively. Our board of directors has approved the purchase of shares from participants in NXP's equity programs to satisfy participants' tax withholding obligations ("trade for tax") and this authorization will remain in effect until terminated by the board of directors. In November 2019, the board of directors approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of 2 billion (the "2019 Share Repurchase Program"). In March 2021, the board of directors approved the additional repurchase of shares up to a maximum of 2 billion (the "2021 Share Repurchase Program"), and in August 2021, the board of directors increased the 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorization by 2 billion, for a total of 4 billion approved for the repurchase of shares under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. In January 2022, the board of directors approved the additional repurchase of shares up to a maximum of 2 billion (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program"). During the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2021, NXP repurchased 20.6 million shares for a total of approximately 4 billion under the trade for tax and 2019 and 2021 Share Repurchase Programs, and during the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2022, NXP repurchased 8.3 million shares, for a total of approximately 1.4 billion under the trade for tax and 2021 Share Repurchase Program. Under Dutch tax law, the repurchase of a company s shares by an entity domiciled in the Netherlands results in a taxable event (unless exemptions apply). The tax on the repurchased shares is attributed to the shareholders, with NXP making the payment on the shareholders behalf. As such, the tax on the repurchased shares is accounted for within stockholders equity. 
 
 Subject to Dutch corporate law and our articles of association, the board of directors of NXP may cancel shares acquired if authorized by the general meeting of shareholders. As with repurchases of our shares, it is our standard practice to request our annual general meeting of shareholders (the AGM every year to renew this authorization for a period of 18 months from the AGM. For cancellations of shares in 2020 and 2021, the board of directors made use of the authorizations renewed on May 27, 2020 and May 26, 2021, respectively. 
 
 40 

As approved by the board of directors, on December 15, 2020, NXP cancelled 26 million shares and on November 30, 2021, NXP cancelled 15 million shares. As a result, the number of issued NXP shares as per November 30, 2021 is 274,519,638. 
 
 Under our Quarterly Dividend Program, interim dividends of 0.5625 per ordinary share were paid on April 5, July 6, October 6, 2021; and January 6, 2022, and dividends of 0.845 per ordinary share were paid on April 6, July 6, October 6, 2022; and January 6, 2023. 
 
 2022 2021 Dividends declared (per share) 3.38 2.25 Dividends declared (in millions) 885 606 
 
 Debt 
 Our total debt, inclusive of aggregate principal, unamortized discounts, premiums, debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments, amounted to 11,165 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 593 million compared to December 31, 2021 10,572 million). On May 16, 2022, NXP issued 500 million of 4.4 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 and 1 billion of 5 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2033. On May 27, 2022, 900 million of 4.625 Senior Notes due 2023 were redeemed in full. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of 11,250 million (collectively the Notes ), with 0 payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the Notes total 3,585 million, with 435 million payable within 12 months. 
 
 41 

Additional capital requirements 
 We believe our current cash and cash equivalents position, our expected cash flow generated from operations and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Recent and expected working and other capital requirements, in addition to the above matters, also include the items described below: 
 
 The Company maintains purchase commitments with certain suppliers, primarily for raw materials, semi-finished goods and manufacturing services and for some non-production items. Purchase commitments for inventory materials are generally restricted to a forecasted time-horizon as mutually agreed upon between the parties. This forecasted time-horizon can vary for different suppliers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had purchase commitments of 3,672 million, of which 1,187 million is expected to be paid in the next 12 months. We expect operating cash outflows to remain elevated as we make payments under these purchase agreements. 
 Amounts related to future lease payments for operating lease obligations at December 31, 2022 totaled 295 million, with 63 million expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 The Company enters into certain technology license arrangements which are used in conjunction with research and development activities for product development. Payments for these technology licenses are made over varying time periods. Outstanding unpaid balances for technology licenses total 260 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 121 million is expected to be paid in the next 12 months. 
 Cash outflows for capital expenditures were 1,063 million in 2022, compared to 767 million in 2021. We expect to maintain similar levels of capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue in 2023, to support current and future manufacturing and production capacity needs. 
 Our research and development expenditures were 2,148 million in 2022 and 1,936 million in 2021, and we expect to maintain similar levels of investment in research and development as a percentage of revenue in 2023. 
 
 From time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. Any such transaction could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to arrange for new debt and equity financing to fund the transaction. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or we may not have enough capacity under the RCF Agreement, or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our indebtedness, including the RCF Agreement, the unsecured notes or to fund our other liquidity needs, including working capital and capital expenditure requirements. In any such case, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

2022 Financing Activities 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On August 26, 2022, NXP B.V., together with NXP Funding LLC, amended and restated its revolving credit agreement entered into on June 11, 2019. The amended and restated revolving credit agreement provides for 2.5 billion of senior unsecured revolving credit commitments and is scheduled to mature on August 26, 2027. 
 
 Exchange Offers 
 On April 14, 2022, we initiated a registered exchange offering of our outstanding Senior Unsecured Notes for new issues of substantially identical registered debt securities (the Exchange Offers ). The Exchange Offers 
 42 

expired on May 16, 2022, at which time substantially all of the Notes were exchanged for registered senior unsecured notes. 
 
 Debt Issuance and redemption 
 On May 16, 2022, NXP B.V., together with NXP Funding LLC and NXP USA, Inc., issued 500 million of 4.4 senior unsecured notes due June 1, 2027 and 1 billion of 5.0 senior unsecured notes due January 15, 2033. On May 27, 2022 we redeemed the 900 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding dollar-denominated 4.625 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2023 in accordance with the terms of the indenture. 
 
 2021 Financing Activities 
 
 2032, 2042 and 2051 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On November 30, 2021, NXP B.V., together with NXP USA Inc. and NXP Funding LLC, issued 1 billion of 2.65 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2032, 500 million of 3.125 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2042 and 500 million of 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2051. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering of these notes to redeem the 1 billion aggregate principal amount of outstanding 3.875 Senior Notes due 2022. The remaining net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include capital expenditures or equity buyback transactions. 
 
 2031 and 2041 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On May 11, 2021, NXP B.V., together with NXP USA Inc. and NXP Funding LLC, issued 1 billion of 2.5 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 and 1 billion of 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2041. The net proceeds of the 2.5 Senior Notes due 2031 ("2031 Notes") are being used to finance certain eligible green projects. Pending the allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 2031 Notes to finance these eligible green projects, the remaining net proceeds of the 2031 Notes, together with the net proceeds of the 3.25 Senior Notes due 2041, are temporarily being held as cash and other short-term securities or are being used for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures, short-term debt repayment or equity buyback transactions. 
 
 Debt Position 
 
 Short-term Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no short-term debt outstanding. 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding debt of: 
 43 

in millions) December 31, 2021 Accrual/release Original Issuance/Debt Discount and Debt Issuance Cost Debt Exchanges/ Repurchase/ New Borrowings December 31, 2022 U.S. dollar-denominated 4.625 senior unsecured notes due June 2023 (1) 
 898 2 (900) U.S. dollar-denominated 4.875 senior unsecured notes due March 2024 (2) 
 997 1 998 U.S. dollar-denominated 2.7 senior unsecured notes due May 2025 (3) 
 498 498 U.S. dollar-denominated 5.35 senior unsecured notes due March 2026 (2) 
 498 498 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.875 senior unsecured notes due June 2026 (4) 
 747 1 748 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.15 senior unsecured notes due May 2027 (3) 
 497 1 498 U.S. dollar-denominated 4.4 senior unsecured notes due June 2027 (7) 
 496 496 U.S. dollar-denominated 5.55 senior unsecured notes due December 2028 (2) 
 497 497 U.S. dollar-denominated 4.3 senior unsecured notes due June 2029 (4) 
 993 993 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.4 senior unsecured notes due May 2030 (3) 
 993 1 994 U.S. dollar-denominated 2.5 senior unsecured notes due May 2031 (5) 
 992 1 993 U.S. dollar-denominated 2.65 senior unsecured notes due Feb 2032 (6) 
 992 992 U.S. dollar-denominated 5 senior unsecured notes due Jan 2033 (7) 
 1 988 989 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.25 senior unsecured notes due May 2041 (5) 
 987 1 988 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.125 senior unsecured notes due Feb 2042 (6) 
 492 492 U.S. dollar-denominated 3.25 senior unsecured notes due Nov 2051 (6) 
 491 491 10,572 9 584 11,165 RCF Agreement (8) 
 Total long-term debt 
 10,572 9 584 11,165 
 
 (1) On May 23, 2016, we issued 900 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2023. On May 27, 2022, the Notes were redeemed in full. 
 (2) On December 6, 2018, we issued 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2024, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.35 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 and 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.55 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028. 
 (3) On May 1, 2020, we issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.7 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.15 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 and 1 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.4 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2030. 
 (4) On June 18, 2019, we issued 750 million of 3.875 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 and 1 billion of 4.3 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029. 
 (5) On May 11, 2021, we issued 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 2.5 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 and 1,000 million aggregated principal amount of 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2041. 
 44 

(6) On November 30, 2021, we issued 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 2.65 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2032, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2042 and 500 million aggregated principal amount of 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2051. 
 (7) On May 16, 2022, we issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.4 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 and 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2033. 
 (8) On August 26, 2022, we entered into a 2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility agreement. 
 
 We may from time to time continue to seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. See the discussion in Part II, Item 7. Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources above. 

Cash flows 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents in 2022 increased by 1,027 million (excluding the effect of changes in exchange rates on our cash position of (12) million) as follows: 
 in millions) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 3,895 3,077 Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities (1,249) (934) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (1,619) (1,585) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,027 558 
 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 For the year-ended December 31, 2022 our operating activities provided 3,895 million in cash. This was primarily the result of net income of 2,833 million, adjustments to reconcile the net income of 1,410 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of (372) million. Adjustments to net income include offsetting non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization of 1,250 million, share-based compensation of 364 million, amortization of the discount on debt and debt issuance costs of 9 million, a loss on extinguishment of debt of 18 million, a loss on equity securities of 4 million, results relating to equity-accounted investees of 1 million and changes in deferred taxes of (236) million. 
 
 The change in operating assets and liabilities was attributable to the following: 
 
 The 106 million increase in receivables and other current assets was driven by the accumulation of insignificant increases in numerous asset accounts within the "other" classification, with the most significant increase relating to 30 million in other receivables. In addition there was an increase of 37 million in trade accounts receivable, net, which was driven by higher average selling prices and timing of cash collections at the end of the year. 
 
 The 593 million increase in inventories was primarily related to increased production levels in order to align inventory on hand with expected demand. 
 
 The 633 million increase in accounts payable and other liabilities was primarily related to the following increases: 365 million in trade accounts payable as a result of purchases to meet the increase in growth in our business and timing related to payments; 211 million in income tax payables primarily driven by tax law changes in the U.S. that went into effect at the beginning of 2022; 47 million in interest payable due to new bond issuances; 48 million of other net movements including the non-cash adjustment for capital expenditures and licensing intangibles. Partially offsetting these cash flow increases was 38 million related to employee bonus accruals. 
 
 45 

The 306 million increase in other non-current assets was primarily related to prepayments to secure long-term production supply with multiple vendors. 
 
 For the year-ended December 31, 2021 our operating activities provided 3,077 million in cash. This was primarily the result of net income of 1,906 million, adjustments to reconcile the net income of 1,628 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of (437) million. Adjustments to net income include offsetting non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization of 1,262 million, share-based compensation of 353 million, amortization of the discount on debt and debt issuance costs of 8 million, a gain on sale of assets of 1 million, a loss on extinguishment of debt of 22 million, a loss on equity securities of 2 million, results relating to equity-accounted investees of 2 million and changes in deferred taxes of (20) million. 
 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities amounted to 1,249 million for the year-ended December 31, 2022 and principally consisted of the cash outflows for capital expenditures of 1,063 million, 159 million for the purchase of identified intangible assets, 5 million for the purchase of equipment leased to others, 27 million for purchases of interests in businesses (net of cash acquired) and 20 million for the purchase of investments, partly offset by 10 million from proceeds from return of equity investments and 13 million from proceeds from sale of investments. 
 
 Net cash used for investing activities amounted to 934 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021 and principally consisted of the cash outflows for capital expenditures of 767 million, 132 million for the purchase of identified intangible assets, 33 million for the purchase of equipment leased to others, 23 million purchases of interests in businesses (net of cash acquired), and 8 million purchase of investments, partly offset by proceeds of 10 million from insurance recoveries received for equipment damage, 10 million from proceeds from return of equity investments and 8 million from proceeds from sale of investments. 
 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 1,619 million for the year-ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,585 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021. The cash flows related to financing transactions in 2022 and 2021 are primarily related to the financing activities described above under the captions 2022 Financing Activities and 2021 Financing Activities . 
 
 In addition to the financing activities described above, net cash used for financing activities by year included: 
 in millions) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dividends paid to common stockholders (815) (562) Cash proceeds from exercise of stock options 59 62 Purchase of treasury shares (1,426) (4,015) Other, net (2) (2) 

Information Regarding Guarantors of NXP (unaudited) 

Summarized Combined Financial Information for Guarantee of Securities of Subsidiaries 
 The following debt instruments are guaranteed, fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, by NXP Semiconductors N.V. and issued or guaranteed by NXP USA, Inc., NXP B.V. and NXP LLC, (together, the Subsidiary Obligors and together with NXP Semiconductors N.V., the Obligor Group ): 4.875 Senior Notes due 2024, 2.700 Senior Notes due 2025, 5.350 Senior Notes due 2026, 3.875 Senior Notes due 2026, 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027, 4.400 Senior Notes due 2027, 5.550 Senior Notes due 2028, 4.300 Senior Notes due 2029, 3.400 Senior Notes due 2030, 2.500 Senior Notes due 2031, 2.650 Senior Notes due 2032, 5.000 Senior Notes due 2033, 3.250 Senior Notes due 2041, 3.125 Senior Notes due 2042 and the 3.250 Senior Notes due 2051 (together the Notes ). Other than the Subsidiary Obligors, none of the 
 46 

Company s subsidiaries (together the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries guarantee the Notes. The Company consolidates the Subsidiary Obligors in its consolidated financial statements and each of the Subsidiary Obligors are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 All of the existing guarantees by the Company rank equally in right of payment with all of the existing and future senior indebtedness of the Obligor Group. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the Obligor Group to obtain funds from respective subsidiaries by dividend or loan. 
 
 The following tables present summarized financial information of the Obligor Group on a combined basis, with intercompany balances and transactions between entities of the Obligor Group eliminated and investments and equity in the earnings of the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries excluded. The Obligor Group s amounts due from, amounts due to, and intercompany transactions with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries have been disclosed below the table, when material. 
 
 Summarized Statements of Income 
 in millions) December 31, 2022 Revenue 7,674 Gross Profit 3,883 Operating income 1,406 Net income 542 
 
 Summarized Balance Sheets 
 As of in millions) December 31, 2022 Current assets 3,740 Non-current assets 11,572 Total assets 15,312 Current liabilities 1,067 Non-current liabilities 11,528 Total liabilities 12,595 Obligor's Group equity 2,717 Total liabilities and Obligor's Group equity 15,312 
 
 NXP Semiconductors N.V. is the head of a fiscal unity for the corporate income tax and VAT that contains the most significant Dutch wholly-owned group companies. The Company is therefore jointly and severally liable for the tax liabilities of the tax entity as a whole, and as such the income tax expense of the Dutch fiscal unity has been included in the Net income of the Obligor Group. 
 
 The financial information of the Obligor Group includes sales executed through a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary single-billing entity as a sales agent on behalf of an entity in the Obligor Group. The Obligor Group has sales to non-guarantors (2022: 813 million). The Obligor Group has amounts due from equity financing (2022: 5,210) and due to debt financing (2022: 2,629) with non-guarantor subsidiaries. 

Recent Legislation 
 47 

US CHIPS Act 
 On August 9, 2022, the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022, H.R. 4346 (the CHIPS Act was signed into law. The CHIPS Act provides for a 25 refundable tax credit on certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after December 31, 2022. The CHIPS Act also provides for certain other financial incentives to further investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The Company is evaluating the provisions of the new law and its potential impact to the Company. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R. 5376 (the IRA ), was signed into law. The IRA introduces a 15 Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax CAMT for corporations whose average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the applicable tax year exceeds 1 billion and a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases The CAMT and the excise tax are effective in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company is evaluating the provisions of the new law and its potential impact to the Company. 
 
 EU Chips Act 
 The EU Commission proposed its EU Chips Act in February 2022. The announced budget is 43 billion, with approximately 30 billion for potential manufacturing projects coming from EU member states national funds. The remaining 13 billion are foreseen for RD I programs and initiatives like the new Chips Joint Undertaking . The EU Chips Act is still in the legislative process and is expected to become effective in late 2023. As a reaction to the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, the EU Commission has stated that it would come up with a legislative package itself by the summer of 2023. The Company continues to monitor the progress of this potential legislation and will evaluate the provisions and its potential impact to the Company at such a time when enacted. 
 
 EU IPCEI on Microelectronics and Communication Technologies IPCEI program 
 During 2021 several European member states formally pre-notified the European Commission of the new Important Project of Common European Interest on Microelectronics and Communication Technologies IPCEI to support transnational cooperation projects on microelectronics. By joining forces, member states and industry intend to enhance the resilience of Europe s supply chain in semiconductors. The IPCEI program requires the approval of the European Commission under state aid law: companies and EU member states must prove in a dedicated notification process that the IPCEI follows an overriding European interest and that projects would not be realized under market forces alone. The Company is currently involved in different notification processes in multiple member states, and expects to receive allocation of the related funding budgets that typically run over five years during 2023. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Our management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 The methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Our most critical accounting estimates include: 
 the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross margin; 
 the assessment of recoverability of goodwill, identified intangible assets and tangible fixed assets, which impacts gross margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their depreciation or amortization; 
 48 

revenue recognition, which impacts our results of operations; 
 the recognition of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impacts our provision for income taxes; 
 the assumptions used in the determination of postretirement benefit obligations, which impacts operating expenses; 
 the assumptions used in the determination of share based compensation, which impacts gross margin and operating expenses; and 
 the recognition and measurement of loss contingencies, which impacts gross margin or operating expenses when we recognize a loss contingency or revise the estimates for a loss contingency. 
 
 In the following section, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. 
 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We regularly review our inventories and write down our inventories for estimated losses due to obsolescence. This allowance is determined for groups of products based on sales of our products in the recent past and/or expected future demand. Future demand is affected by market conditions, technological obsolescence, new products and strategic plans, each of which is subject to change with little or no forewarning. In estimating obsolescence, we utilize information that includes projecting future demand. 
 
 The need for strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our customers are balanced against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. 
 
 The change in our reserves for inventories was primarily due to the normal review and accrual of obsolete or excess inventory. If actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by our management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. 
 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is required to be assessed for impairment at least once annually, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, which includes evaluating qualitative and quantitative factors to assess the likelihood of an impairment of a reporting unit s goodwill. Such events or changes in circumstances can be significant changes in business climate, operating performance or competition, or upon the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred between annual test dates. We perform impairment tests using a fair value approach when necessary. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows, discount rates based on weighted average cost of capital and future economic and market conditions. We base our fair-value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable. Actual cash flow amounts for future periods may differ from estimates used in impairment testing. 
 
 We perform our annual impairment test for goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. We did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill in the years presented, as our annual impairment testing indicated that the fair value exceeded the recorded value for the respective reporting unit. 
 
 Impairment or disposal of identified long-lived assets 
 We perform reviews of long-lived assets including property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization, whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the useful life is shorter than what we had originally estimated or that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. If such facts and circumstances exist, we assess the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. In the event such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the recorded value of the assets, the assets are written down to their estimated fair values based on the expected discounted future cash flows attributable to the assets or based on appraisals. Impairment losses, if any, are based 
 49 

on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or their estimated fair values less costs to sell and are not depreciated. 
 
 The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of our intangible and other long-lived assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our forecasts for specific product lines. In 2021, we recognized impairment charges of 36 million as a result of the discontinuation of an IPR D project. In 2020, we recognized impairment charges of 36 million, relative to IPR D that was acquired from Freescale. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue under the core principle to depict the transfer of control to customers in an amount reflecting the consideration the Company expects to be entitled. In order to achieve that core principle, the Company applies the following five step approach: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 The vast majority of the Company s revenue is derived from the sale of semiconductor products to distributors, Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs and similar customers. In determining the transaction price, the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. Variable consideration is estimated and includes the impact of discounts, price protection, product returns and distributor incentive programs. The estimate of variable consideration is dependent on a variety of factors, including contractual terms, analysis of historical data, current economic conditions, industry demand and both the current and forecasted pricing environments. The estimate of variable consideration is not constrained because the Company has extensive experience with these contracts. 
 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the Company s performance obligation is satisfied), which typically occurs at shipment. In determining whether control has transferred, the Company considers if there is a present right to payment and legal title, and whether risks and rewards of ownership having transferred to the customer. 
 
 For sales to distributors, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control to the distributor. For some distributors, contractual arrangements are in place which allow these distributors to return products if certain conditions are met. These conditions generally relate to the time period during which a return is allowed and reflect customary conditions in the particular geographic market. Other return conditions relate to circumstances arising at the end of a product life cycle, when certain distributors are permitted to return products purchased during a pre-defined period after the Company has announced a product s pending discontinuance. These return rights are a form of variable consideration and are estimated using the most likely method based on historical return rates in order to reduce revenues recognized. However, long notice periods associated with these announcements prevent significant amounts of product from being returned. For sales where return rights exist, the Company has determined, based on historical data, that only a very small percentage of the sales of this type to distributors is actually returned. Repurchase agreements with OEMs or distributors are not entered into by the Company. 
 
 Sales to most distributors are made under programs common in the semiconductor industry whereby distributors receive certain price adjustments to meet individual competitive opportunities. These programs may include credits granted to distributors, or allow distributors to return or scrap a limited amount of product in accordance with contractual terms agreed upon with the distributor, or receive price protection credits when our standard published prices are lowered from the price the distributor paid for product still in its inventory. In determining the transaction price, the Company considers the price adjustments from these programs to be variable consideration that reduce the amount of revenue recognized. The Company s policy is to estimate such price adjustments using the most likely method based on rolling historical experience rates, as well as a prospective view of products and pricing in the distribution channel for distributors who participate in our 
 50 

volume rebate incentive program. We continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates, and we adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in pricing environments and inventory levels. The estimates are also adjusted when recent historical data does not represent anticipated future activity. Historically, actual price adjustments for these programs relative to those estimated have not materially differed. 
 
 Income taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based upon the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax liabilities for withholding taxes on dividends from subsidiaries are recognized in situations where the Company does not consider the earnings indefinitely reinvested and to the extent that these withholding taxes are not expected to be refundable. 
 
 Deferred tax assets, including assets arising from loss carryforwards, are recognized, net of a valuation allowance, if based upon the available evidence it is more likely than not that the asset will be realized. 
 
 The income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is recognized only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. The income tax benefit recognized is measured based on the largest benefit that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon resolution of the uncertainty. Unrecognized tax benefits are presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset for related temporary differences, tax credits or net operating loss carryforwards, unless these would not be available, in which case the uncertain tax benefits are presented together with the related interest and penalties as a liability, under accrued liabilities and other non-current liabilities based on the timing of the expected payment. Related penalties are recorded as income tax expense, whereas related interest is reported as financial expense in the statement of operations. 
 
 Postretirement benefits 
 The Company s employees participate in pension and other postretirement benefit plans in many countries. The costs of pension and other postretirement benefits and related assets and liabilities with respect to the Company s employees participating in defined-benefit plans are based upon actuarial valuations. 
 
 The projected defined-benefit obligation is calculated annually by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method. For the Company s major plans, the discount rate is derived from market yields on high quality corporate bonds. Plans in countries without a deep corporate bond market use a discount rate based on the local government bond rates. 
 
 In calculating obligation and expense, the Company is required to select actuarial assumptions. These assumptions include discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and rates of increase in compensation costs determined based on current market conditions, historical information and consultation with and input from our actuaries. Changes in the key assumptions can have a significant impact to the projected benefit obligations, funding requirements and periodic pension cost incurred. 
 
 The Company determines the fair value of plan assets based on quoted prices or comparable prices for non-quoted assets. For a defined-benefit pension plan, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other postretirement defined benefit plan it is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 We recognize compensation expense for all share-based awards based on the grant-date estimated fair values, net of an estimated forfeiture rate. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value for certain awards. Share-based compensation cost for restricted share units RSUs with time-based vesting is measured based on the closing fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant, reduced by the present value of the estimated expected future dividends, and then multiplied by the 
 51 

number of RSUs granted. Share-based compensation cost for performance-based share units PSUs granted with performance or market conditions is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant. 
 
 Our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors. When establishing the expected life assumption, we used the simplified method prescribed in ASC Topic 718 for companies that do not have adequate historical data. The risk-free interest rate is measured as the prevailing yield for a U.S. Treasury security with a maturity similar to the expected life assumption. We also estimate a forfeiture rate at the time of grant and revise this rate in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures or vesting differ from the original estimates. 
 
 We evaluate the assumptions used to value our awards on a quarterly basis. If factors change and we employ different assumptions, share-based compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there are any modifications or cancellation of the underlying unvested securities, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unearned share-based compensation expense. 
 
 Litigation and claims 
 We are regularly involved as plaintiffs or defendants in claims and litigation related to our past and current business operations. The claims can cover a broad range of topics, including intellectual property, reflecting the Company s identity as a global manufacturing and technology business. The Company vigorously defends itself against improper claims, including those asserted in litigation. Due to the unpredictable nature of litigation, there can be no assurance that the Company s accruals will be sufficient to cover the extent of its potential exposure to losses but, historically, legal actions have not had a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses is based on currently available information in relation to the claims that have arisen and on the Company s best estimate of such losses for those cases for which such estimate can be made. For certain claims, the Company believes that an estimate cannot currently be made. The estimated aggregate range requires significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings (including the fact that many of them are currently in preliminary stages), the existence of multiple defendants (including the Company) in such claims whose share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the claims, and the attendant uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such claims. Accordingly, the Company s estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may be more than the current estimate. 
 
 Use of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP, this document contains references to net debt. Net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents total debt (short-term and long-term) after deduction of cash and cash equivalents. We believe this measure provides investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enables comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allows for greater transparency with respect to calculating our net leverage. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of net debt to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, total debt, as adjusted for our cash and cash equivalents our net debt was calculated as follows: 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Long-term debt 11,165 10,572 Short-term debt Total debt 11,165 10,572 Less: cash and cash equivalents (3,845) (2,830) Net debt 7,320 7,742 
 52 

We understand that, although net debt is used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluation of companies, this concept has limitations as an analytical tool and it should not be used as an alternative to any other measure in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates because we finance certain operations through fixed and variable rate debt instruments and denominate our transactions in a variety of foreign currencies. Changes in these rates may have an impact on future cash flow and earnings. We manage these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 By using derivative instruments, we are subject to credit and market risk. The fair market value of the derivative instruments is determined by using valuation models whose inputs are derived using market observable inputs, including interest rate yield curves, as well as foreign exchange and commodity spot and forward rates, and reflects the asset or liability position as of the end of each reporting period. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, thus creating a receivable risk for us. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to our derivative agreements. We minimize counterparty credit (or repayment) risk by entering into transactions with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating. Our exposure to market risk is not hedged in a manner that completely eliminates the effects of changing market conditions on earnings or cash flow. 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Our RCF Agreement has a 2,500 million borrowing capacity with a floating rate interest. As there are currently no borrowings under this facility, a hypothetical increase in interest rates would not have caused any change to our interest expense on our floating rate debt. 
 
 Additional information regarding our notes is provided in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 13 - Debt, of our notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risks 
 We are also exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which could affect operating results as well as our financial position and cash flows. We monitor our exposures to these market risks and generally employ operating and financing activities to offset these exposures where appropriate. If we do not have operating or financing activities to sufficiently offset these exposures, from time to time, we may employ derivative financial instruments such as swaps, collars, forwards, options or other instruments to limit the volatility to earnings and cash flows generated by these exposures. Derivative financial instruments are only used for hedging purposes and not for trading or speculative purposes. All counterparties to our derivatives contracts are major banking institutions. In the event of financial insolvency or distress of a counterparty to our derivative financial instruments, we may be unable to settle transactions if the counterparty does not provide us with sufficient collateral to secure its net settlement obligation to us, which could have a negative impact on our results. The Company measures all derivative financial instruments based on fair values derived from market prices of the instruments or from option pricing models, as appropriate and record these as assets or liabilities in the balance sheet. Changes in the fair values are recognized in the statement of operations immediately unless cash flow hedge accounting is applied. A summary of our foreign currency accounting policies is provided in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies, of our notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 our net asset related to foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedges of foreign currency risk on certain operating expenditure transactions was 2 million. If our forecasted operating 
 53 

expenditures for currencies in which we hedge were to decline by 20 and foreign exchange rates were to change unfavorably by 20 in our hedged foreign currency, we would incur a negligible loss. 
 
 Financial assets and liabilities held by consolidated subsidiaries that are not denominated in the functional currency of those entities are subject to the effects of currency fluctuations and may affect reported earnings. As a global company, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We may hedge currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies and certain anticipated nonfunctional currency transactions. As a result, we could experience unanticipated gains or losses on anticipated foreign currency cash flows, as well as economic loss with respect to the recoverability of investments. 
 Our primary foreign currency exposure relates to the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. However, our foreign currency exposures also relate, but are not limited, to the Chinese Yuan, the Japanese Yen, the Pound Sterling, the Malaysian Ringgit, the Singapore Dollar, the New Taiwan Dollar, the Thai Baht and the Swiss Franc. 
 
 54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 List of Financial Statements 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 56 
 - Ernst Young Accountants LLP; Eindhoven, the Netherlands; PCAOB ID: Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 65 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

55 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NXP Semiconductors N.V. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) , and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

56 

Effect on our financial statement audit of prior year material weakness in internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 As disclosed in management s report on internal control over financial reporting, the Company identified a material weakness as of December 31, 2021 associated with ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access, change-management and IT operations over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective, because they could have been adversely impacted to the extent that they rely upon information and configurations from the affected IT systems. This prior year material weakness affected our current year audit of substantially all financial statement accounts, as due to the timing of remediation, automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs could not be relied upon during 2022 for the purpose of our financial statement audit. 
 
 Auditing the significant financial statement accounts affected by the material weakness was determined to be a critical audit matter, because significant auditor judgment, including the assistance of IT professionals, was required to design and execute the incremental audit procedures related to the financial statement accounts that are reliant on IT systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs and to assess the sufficiency of the procedures performed and evidence obtained. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We used significant judgment and involved our IT professionals to determine the timing, nature and extent of incremental procedures to be performed over financial statement accounts that are reliant on IT systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs, including the impacted automated and manual business process controls. These incremental procedures were performed closer to the balance sheet date and included, among others, lowering our testing thresholds, increasing sample sizes and manually testing the completeness and accuracy of system reports or other information generated by the Company s impacted IT systems, including increasing the extent to which items selected for testing were agreed to source documents. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 1, 2023 
 57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited NXP Semiconductors N.V. internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, NXP Semiconductors N.V. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

58 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young Accountants LLP 
 
 Eindhoven, the Netherlands 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 59 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue ) ) ) Gross profit Research and development ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative ) ) ) Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets ) ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) Other income (expense) Operating income (loss) Financial income (expense): Extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other financial income (expense) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes Benefit (provision) for income taxes ) ) Results relating to equity-accounted investees ) ) ) Net income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to 
 non-controlling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to stockholders Earnings per share data: Net income (loss) per common share attributable to stockholders in : 
 Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year (in thousands): 
 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Change in fair value cash flow hedges ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in net actuarial gain (loss) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to stockholders 
 Reclassification adjustments included in Cost of revenue, Selling, general and administrative, Research and development and Results relating to equity-accounted investees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivables, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Other non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Identified intangible assets, net Goodwill Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Restructuring liabilities - current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt Restructuring liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Equity: Non-controlling interests Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: (2021: shares) 
 Issued: 
 Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares (2021: shares) 
 Issued and fully paid: shares (2021: shares) 
 Capital in excess of par value Treasury shares, at cost: 
 shares (2021: shares) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders equity Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Amortization of discount (premium) on debt, net ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Net (gain) loss on sale of assets ) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt Results relating to equity-accounted investees (Gain) loss on equity securities, net ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables and other current assets ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Decrease (increase) in other non-current assets ) ) Exchange differences ) Other items ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of identified intangible assets ) ) ) Capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of equipment leased to others ) ) Insurance recoveries received for equipment damage Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment Purchase of interests in businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of interests in businesses, net of cash divested Purchase of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of investments Proceeds from return of equity investments Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock through stock plans 
 63 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 Purchase of treasury shares and restricted stock unit withholdings ) ) ) Cash paid on behalf of shareholders for tax on repurchased shares Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash positions ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures to the consolidated cash flows Net cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds Net gain (loss) on sale of assets: Cash proceeds from the sale of assets Book value of these assets ) ) Non-cash investing activities: Non-cash capital expenditures 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 in millions, unless otherwise stated) Out-standing 
 number of 
 shares 
 (in thousands) 
 Common 
 stock 
 Capital 
 in 
 excess of 
 par value 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 at cost 
 Accumu-lated 
 other 
 compre-hensive 
 income (loss) 
 Accumu-lated 
 deficit 
 Total 
 stock-holders 
 equity 
 Non- 
 con-trolling 
 interests 
 Total 
 equity 
 Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation plans Shares issued pursuant to stock awards ) Treasury shares repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) ) Expiration of stock purchase warrants ) Dividends non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends common stock ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income ) ) ) Share-based compensation plans Shares issued pursuant to stock awards ) Treasury shares repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Dividends common stock ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation plans Shares issued pursuant to stock awards ) Treasury shares repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Change in participation ) ) Dividends common stock ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

NXP Semiconductors N.V. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 All amounts in millions of unless otherwise stated 

Note 1 
 reportable segment representing the entity as a whole and reflects the way in which our chief operating decision maker executes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the Company. 

Note 2 - 

66 

67 

instances (with a combined value of million), the Company s lease arrangements are all operating leases. 
 
 Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at January 1, 2019, the date of the adoption of ASC 842, or commencement date, if later, in determining the present value of future payments. The lease payments that are included in the lease liability are comprised of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable; variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate; amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; the exercise price of a purchase option that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise; and payments for terminating the lease unless it is reasonably certain that early termination will not occur. The lease ROU asset includes any lease payment made and initial direct costs incurred. Our lease terms include the non-cancelable period for which a lessee has the right to use an underlying asset, together with both periods covered by an option to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and the periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise the option. 
 
 For operating leases, the lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the consolidated statement of operations over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The finance lease asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. 
 68 

69 

70 

Year-ended December 31, 2021 Year-ended December 31, 2020 

71 

Chinese renminbi Great British pound Japanese yen Malaysian ringgit Singapore dollar Swiss franc New Taiwan dollar Thai baht Other 

72 

days or a longer legal notification period. However, generally, employee termination benefits are covered by a contract or an ongoing benefit arrangement and are recognized when it is probable that the employees will be entitled to the benefits and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. 

73 

of the greater of the present value of the obligation or of the fair value of plan assets at the end of the previous year (the corridor). Events which invoke a curtailment or a settlement of a benefit plan will be recognized in our statement of operations. 
 
 In calculating obligation and expense, the Company is required to select actuarial assumptions. These assumptions include discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, assumed health care trend rates and rates of increase in compensation costs determined based on current market conditions, historical information and consultation with and input from our actuaries. Changes in the key assumptions can have a significant impact to the projected benefit obligations, funding requirements and periodic cost incurred. 
 
 Unrecognized prior-service costs related to the plans are amortized to the statements of operations over the average remaining service period of the active employees. 
 
 Contributions to defined-contribution and multi-employer pension plans are recognized as an expense in the statements of operations as incurred. 
 
 74 

, for RSUs and PSUs it is generally . 

of our revenue in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. No other distributor accounted for greater than 10 of our revenue for 2022, 2021 or 2020. No individual OEM for which we had direct sales to accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Credit exposure related to NXP s foreign currency forward contracts is limited to the realized and unrealized gains on these contracts. 
 The Company uses outside suppliers or foundries for a portion of its manufacturing capacity. 
 75 

Note 3 
 
 million, net of closing adjustments. 
 
 2021 
 On July 6, 2021, we acquired Retune DSP for a total consideration of million, net of closing adjustments. 
 
 2020 
 There were material acquisitions during 2020. On February 3, 2020, we completed the sale of the Company's Voice and Audio Solutions (VAS) assets, pursuant to the definitive agreement dated August 16, 2019 and which was previously classified as held for sale, with Shenzhen Goodix Technology Co., Ltd. ("Goodix") from China, for a net cash amount of million inclusive of final working capital adjustments. This resulted in a gain of million recorded in Other income (expense) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Note 4 - 

76 

Original Equipment Manufacturers and Electronic Manufacturing Services 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Government assistance 
 The Company primarily benefits from country specific R D tax credits ("RTC") (for the period ending December 31, 2022: million) as well as direct R D grants in different jurisdictions (for the period ending December 31, 2022: million). 
 For the period ending December 31, 2022, RTC recognized is classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations under Research and development million). RTC receivable is classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets under Other current assets million) and Other non-current assets million). 
 The duration of our RTC is indefinite while subject to future policy changes in the respective countries. RTC amounts received are subject to regular audits by the relevant governments. RTC receivables are, depending on their jurisdiction, settled against income or payroll taxes, or paid in cash within a maximum period of three years. 
 
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment 
 Amortization of internal use software Amortization of other identified intangible assets ) 
 
 ) For the period ending December 31, 2021, the amount includes an impairment charge as a result of the discontinuation of an IPR D project for an amount of million. For the period ending December 31, 2020, the amount includes an impairment relative to IPR D acquired as part of the acquisition of Freescale for an amount of million. 
 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is primarily included in cost of revenue . 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 Income derived from manufacturing service arrangements MSA and transitional service arrangements TSA that are put in place when we divest a business or activity, is included in other income (expense). These arrangements are expected to decrease as the divested business or activity becomes more established. 
 
 ) Other, net Total 
 
 Financial income (expense) 
 77 

Interest expense ) ) ) Total interest expense, net ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Foreign exchange rate results ) ) Miscellaneous financing income (expense) and other, net 
 ) ) Total other financial income (expense) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Balance Sheet Information 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our cash balance was million and million, respectively, of which million and million was held by SSMC, our consolidated joint venture company with TSMC. Under the terms of our joint venture agreement with TSMC, a portion of this cash can be distributed by way of a dividend to us, but of the dividend will be paid to our joint venture partner. During 2022 and 2021, dividend was paid by SSMC. 
 
 Equity Investments 
 Non-marketable equity securities Equity-accounted investments 
 
 Others 1) Previously named Wise Road Industry Investment Fund I, L.P. 

) ) Other results ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 78 

Income taxes payable Dividend payable Other 

Note 5 - 
 new significant restructuring programs. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recognized million of employee severance costs in our restructuring liabilities, related to specific targeted actions. 
 
 ) ) 
 (1) Other changes primarily related to translation differences. 
 
 The total restructuring liability as of December 31, 2022 of million is classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets under current liabilities million) and non-current liabilities million). 
 
 The utilization of the restructuring liabilities mainly reflects the execution of ongoing restructuring programs the Company initiated in earlier years. 
 
 The following table presents the changes in the position of restructuring liabilities in 2021: 
 Balance January 1, 2021 Additions Utilized Released Other 
 changes (1) 
 Balance December 31, 2021 Restructuring liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Other changes primarily related to translation differences. 
 
 The total restructuring liability as of December 31, 2021 of million is classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets under current liabilities million) and non-current liabilities million). 
 
 The utilization of the restructuring liabilities mainly reflects the execution of ongoing restructuring programs the Company initiated in earlier years. 

The components of restructuring charges recorded in 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 79 

Other exit costs Release of provisions/accruals ) Net restructuring charges ) 
 
 The restructuring charges recorded in operating income are included in the following line items in the statement of operations: 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue ) Research development ) Selling, general and administrative ) Net restructuring charges ) 

Note 6 - 
 million (2021: income of million; 2020: income of million). T 
 Foreign )) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred taxes: Netherlands ) Foreign Total income tax benefit (expense) ) ) 

80 

Rate differential between the local statutory rates and the statutory rate of the Netherlands 
 ) ) ) ) Net change in valuation allowance ) ) Non-deductible expenses/losses Netherlands tax incentives ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign tax incentives ) ) ) ) ) ) Changes in estimates of prior years' income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) Sale of non-deductible goodwill Withholding taxes ) ) ) ) Other differences ) ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 . 
 
 We recorded an income tax expense of million in 2022, which reflects an effective tax rate of compared to an expense of million and an effective rate of in 2021. The effective tax rate reflects the impact of tax incentives, a portion of our earnings being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates different than the Netherlands statutory tax rate, changes in estimates of prior years' income taxes, change in valuation allowance and non-deductible expenses, sale of non-deductible goodwill and withholding taxes. The impact of these items results in offsetting factors that attribute to the change in the effective tax rate between the two periods, with the significant drivers outlined below: 
 
 The Company benefits from certain tax incentives, which reduce the effective tax rate. The dollar amount of the incentive in any given year is commensurate with the taxable income in that same period. For 2022, the foreign tax and Netherlands tax incentives were higher than 2021 by million, mainly due to the fact that NXP benefited from higher qualifying income and also taking into account the effect of specific U.S. tax law that became effective as from 2022. 
 The movement in the valuation allowance was mostly due to new Dutch corporate income tax law applicable as from 2019. A portion of the interest expenses is non-deductible in the year it is recorded but can be carried forward without expiration. The release of the valuation allowance in 2021 is due to higher qualifying income compared to 2020 and 2019. 
 The movement in the withholding taxes in 2022 as compared to 2021 is mainly due to considering more undistributed earnings as indefinitely reinvested in 2021, resulting in a 2021 tax benefit of million. The difference of million in the withholding tax benefit in 2020 as compared with the tax benefit in 2021 is mainly due to changes in the applicable deferred tax liability rate regarding future remittances of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries and due to changes in considering more undistributed earnings as indefinitely reinvested. 
 The other differences tax expense in 2022 is mainly relating to lower excess tax benefits, unfavorable FX-effects and higher taxes due on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) inclusions in U.S. compared to the same period in 2021. GILTI is recognized as a current period expense when incurred. 
 The tax effect of the non-deductible goodwill of million is linked to the divestiture of the VAS business in 2020. 
 
 The Company benefits from income tax holidays in certain jurisdictions which provide that we pay reduced income taxes in those jurisdictions for a fixed period of time that varies depending on the jurisdiction. The predominant income tax holiday is expected to expire at the end of 2026. The impact of this tax holiday 
 81 

million in 2022 (2021: million; 2020: million) . The benefit of this tax holiday on net income per share (diluted) was in 2022 (2021: ; 2020: ). 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities 
 Disallowed interest and tax incentive carryforwards Identified intangible assets, net 1) 
 Other accrued liabilities Pensions Other non-current liabilities Share-based compensation Restructuring liabilities Receivables Inventories Total Deferred Tax Assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total Deferred Tax Assets, net of valuation allowance Identified intangible assets, net ) Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Goodwill ) ) Other current and non-current assets ) ) Total Deferred Tax Liabilities ) ) Net Deferred Tax Position 1) The change in Identified intangible assets, net from a deferred tax liability to a deferred tax asset is due to the effect of a specific U.S. tax law that became effective as from 2022. 

Deferred tax liabilities within non-current liabilities ) ) 
 
 The Company has significant deferred tax assets resulting from net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and deductible temporary differences that may reduce taxable income or income taxes payable in future periods. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The realization of our deferred tax assets depends on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The valuation allowance decreased by million during 2022 (2021: million decrease). Besides the net change in the valuation allowance of this mainly includes a decrease of the valuation allowance due to expiration of tax attributes for million and for the remainder due to foreign exchange translation differences. 
 
 We consider all available evidence in forming a judgment regarding the valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022, including events that occur subsequent to year end but prior to the issuance of the financial 
 82 

million (inclusive of million of U.S. state tax losses) will expire as follows: 
 Balance Scheduled expiration December 31, 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 later unlimited Tax loss carryforwards 
 million which have an unlimited expiration date. 
 
 million (excluding the effect of unrecognized tax benefits), which are available to offset future tax, if any, and which will expire as follows: 
 Balance Scheduled expiration December 31, 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 later unlimited Tax credit carryforwards 
 
 The net income tax payable (excluding the liability for unrecognized tax benefits) as of December 31, 2022 amounted to million (2021: net income tax payable of million) and includes amounts directly receivable from or payable to tax authorities. 
 
 The Company does not indefinitely reinvest the majority of the undistributed earnings of its subsidiaries. Consequently, the Company has recognized a deferred tax liability of million at December 31, 2022 (2021: million) for the additional income taxes and withholding taxes payable upon the future remittances of these earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The Company considers million of the undistributed earnings indefinitely reinvested although the timing of the reversal can be controlled. Upon repatriation of those earnings the Company would be subject to tax of million, which is not recognized as deferred tax liability at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Translation differences ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Increases from tax positions taken during prior periods Decreases from tax positions taken during prior periods ) ) Increases from tax positions taken during current period Decreases relating to settlements with the tax authorities ) ) Balance as of December 31, 
 
 Of the total unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. All other unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate as 
 83 

million expense (2021: million expense; 2020: million expense). As of December 31, 2022 the Company has recognized a liability for related interest and penalties of million (2021: million; 2020: million). It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may significantly increase/decrease within the next 12 months of the reporting date due to, for example, completion of tax examinations. It is estimated that this reasonably possible change will not be significant. 

Note 7 - 
 Allowance for credit loss ) ) 
 
 Original Equipment Manufacturers and Electronic Manufacturing Services Other 

Note 8 - 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 
 The portion of finished goods stored at customer locations under consignment amounted to million as of December 31, 2022 (2021: million). 
 
 The amounts recorded above are net of an allowance for obsolescence of million as of December 31, 2022 (2021: million). 
 
 84 

Note 9 - 
 Buildings to 
 Machinery and installations to 
 Other Equipment to 
 Prepayments and construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Note 10 - 
 Accumulated amortization/impairment ) Book value Changes in book value: Acquisitions/additions Amortization ) Impairment ) Total changes ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Cost Accumulated amortization/impairment ) Book value Changes in book value: Acquisitions/additions Transfer to assets held for sale Amortization ) Impairment ) Translation differences ) Total changes ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Cost Accumulated amortization/impairment ) Book value 
 
 85 

Marketing-related ) Customer-related ) ) Technology-based ) ) Identified intangible assets ) ) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 All intangible assets, excluding IPR D and goodwill, are subject to amortization and have no assumed residual value. 
 
 The expected weighted average remaining life of identified intangibles is years as of December 31, 2022. 

Note 11 - 
 Accumulated impairment ) ) Book value Changes in book value: Acquisitions Translation differences ) ) Total changes ) ) Balances as of December 31 Cost - Balance Accumulated impairment - Balance ) ) Book value - Balance 
 goodwill impairment charges were required to be recognized in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 The fair value of the reporting unit substantially exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit. 
 See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestments . 
 
 86 

Note 12 - 
 
 companies and participants. The plan monitors its risk on an aggregate basis, not by company or participant and can therefore not be accounted for as a defined benefit plan. The pension fund rules state that the only obligation for affiliated companies will be to pay the annual plan contributions. There is no obligation for affiliated companies to fund plan deficits. Affiliated companies are also not entitled to any possible surpluses in the pension fund. 
 
 Every participating company contributes the same fixed percentage of its total pension base, being pensionable salary minus an individual offset. The Company s pension cost for any period is the amount of contributions due for that period. 
 
 The contribution rate for the mandatory scheme will remain in 2023, same as 2022. 
 (including employees contributions) Average number of NXP s active employees participating in the plan NXP s contribution to the plan exceeded more than 5 percent of the total contribution (as of December 31 of the plan s year end) No No No 
 
 The amount for pension costs included in the statement of operations for the year 2022 was million (2021: million; 2020: million) of which million (2021: million; 2020: million) represents defined-contribution plans and million (2021: million; 2020: million) represents the PME multi-employer plans. 
 
 Defined-benefit plans 
 The benefits provided by defined-benefit plans are based on employees years of service and compensation levels. Contributions are made by the Company, as necessary, to provide assets sufficient to meet the benefits payable to defined-benefit pension plan participants. 
 
 These contributions are determined based upon various factors, including funded status, legal and tax considerations as well as local customs. The Company funds certain defined-benefit pension plans as claims are incurred. 
 
 The total ongoing cost of defined-benefit plans amounted to million in 2022 (2021: a cost of million; 2020: a cost of million). 
 87 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) and losses ) ) Curtailments and settlements Benefits paid ) ) Exchange rate differences ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Curtailments and settlements Benefits paid ) ) Exchange rate differences ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) Classification of the funded status is as follows Prepaid pension cost within non-current assets Accrued pension cost within other non-current liabilities ) ) Accrued pension cost within accrued liabilities ) ) Total ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation for all Company-dedicated benefit pension plans Plans with assets less than accumulated benefit obligation (including unfunded plans) Fair value of plan assets Accumulated benefit obligations Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax) Total AOCI at beginning of year Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Exchange rate differences ) ) Total AOCI at end of year 
 
 The net amount of projected benefit obligation and plan assets for all underfunded (including unfunded) pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was classified as liabilities and non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, actuarial gains were primarily related to increases in discount rates of approximately basis points on a weighted basis and updates to mortality table benchmarks in various countries. For the year ended December 31, 2021, actuarial gains were primarily related to increases in discount rates of approximately basis points on a weighted basis and updates to mortality table benchmarks in various countries. 
 
 88 

Rate of compensation increase 
 The weighted average assumptions used to calculate the net periodic pension cost were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected returns on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 For the Company s major plans, the discount rate used is based on high quality corporate bonds (iBoxx Corporate Euro AA 10+). 
 
 Plans in certain Asian countries without a deep corporate bond market use a discount rate based on the local sovereign rate and the plans' maturities (Bloomberg Government Bond Yields). 
 
 Expected returns per asset class are based on the assumption that asset valuations tend to return to their respective long-term equilibria. The Expected Return on Assets for any funded plan equals the average of the expected returns per asset class weighted by their portfolio weights in accordance with the fund s strategic asset allocation. 
 
 Interest cost on the projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net (gain) loss Curtailments settlements Net periodic cost 
 
 The components of net periodic pension cost other than the service cost component are included in Other financial income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Plan assets 
 Debt securities Insurance contracts Other 
 
 We met our target plan asset allocation. The investment objectives for the pension plan assets are designed to generate returns that, along with the future contributions, will enable the pension plans to meet their future obligations. The investments in our major defined benefit plans largely consist of government bonds, Level 2 Corporate Bonds and cash to mitigate the risk of interest fluctuations. The asset mix of equity, bonds, cash and other categories is evaluated by an asset-liability modeling study for our largest plan. The assets of funded plans in other countries mostly have a large proportion of fixed income securities with return characteristics that are 
 89 

million include million related to the German and Japanese pension funds. 
 
 Debt securities Insurance contracts Other 
 
 The Company currently expects to make million of employer contributions to defined-benefit pension plans and million of expected cash payments in relation to unfunded pension plans in 2023. 
 
 Estimated future pension benefit payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 
 
 Postretirement health care benefits 
 In addition to providing pension benefits, NXP provides retiree healthcare benefits in the U.S. which are accounted for as defined-benefit plans. 
 
 The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at the end of 2022 equals million (2021: million). 

90 

Note 13 - 
 
 senior unsecured notes 
 Jun, 2023 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Mar, 2024 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 May, 2025 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Mar, 2026 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Jun, 2026 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 May, 2027 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Jun, 2027 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Dec, 2028 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Jun, 2029 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 May, 2030 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 May, 2031 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Feb, 2032 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Jan, 2033 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 May, 2041 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Feb, 2042 Fixed-rate senior unsecured notes 
 Nov, 2051 Floating-rate revolving credit facility (RCF) Aug, 2027 Total principal Unamortized discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt, including unamortized discounts, premiums, debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) (1) Bank borrowings 
 million RCF as of December 31, 2022, nor under the million RCF of 2021. 
 
 91 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Due after 5 years 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the book value of our outstanding long-term debt was million, less debt issuance costs of million and original issuance/debt discount of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no aggregate principal amount of variable interest rate indebtedness under our loan agreements. The remaining tenor of unsecured debt is on average years. 
 
 Accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 is million (December 31, 2021: million). 
 
 2022 Financing Activities 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On August 26, 2022, NXP B.V., together with NXP Funding LLC, amended and restated its revolving credit agreement entered into on June 11, 2019. The amended and restated revolving credit agreement provides for billion of senior unsecured revolving credit commitments and is scheduled to mature on August 26, 2027. 
 
 Exchange Offers 
 On April 14, 2022, we initiated a registered exchange offering of our outstanding Senior Unsecured Notes for new issues of substantially identical registered debt securities (the Exchange Offers ). The Exchange Offers expired on May 16, 2022, at which time substantially all of the Notes were exchanged for registered senior unsecured notes. 
 
 Debt Issuance and redemption 
 On May 16, 2022, NXP B.V., together with NXP Funding LLC and NXP USA, Inc., issued million of senior unsecured notes due June 1, 2027 and billion of senior unsecured notes due January 15, 2033. On May 27, 2022 we redeemed the million aggregate principal amount of outstanding dollar-denominated Senior Unsecured Notes due 2023 in accordance with the terms of the indenture. 
 
 Certain terms and Covenants of the notes 
 
 The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the notes. 
 The indentures governing the notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability and that of restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, redeem capital stock or make certain other restricted payments or investments; enter into agreements that restrict dividends from restricted subsidiaries; sell assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries; engage in transactions with affiliates; and effect a consolidation or merger. The Company has been in compliance with any such indentures and financing covenants. 
 No portion of long-term and short-term debt as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 has been secured by collateral on substantially all of the Company s assets and of certain of its subsidiaries. 
 
 92 

Note 14 
 to years (land leases to years), some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases within year. As of December 31, 2022, assets recorded under finance leases amounted to million and accumulated depreciation associated with finance leases was million (2021: million and million, respectively). Finance lease liabilities amounted to million as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: million). 
 
 Other information related to operating leases was as follows: Supplemental cash flows information: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total 
 Rent expense amounted to million in 2022 compared to million in 2021 and million in 2020 (containing services related to leased assets as well as short-term leases). 
 
 Other non-current liabilities Total 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets are million as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: million) and are included in other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Note 15 - 
 93 

, which are due through 2044. Our long-term obligations increased substantially in 2021 as we locked in long-term supply with our key manufacturing partners. 
 
 Litigation 
 We are regularly involved as plaintiffs or defendants in claims and litigation relating to a variety of matters such as contractual disputes, personal injury claims, employee grievances and intellectual property litigation. In addition, our acquisitions, divestments and financial transactions sometimes result in, or are followed by, claims or litigation. Some of these claims may possibly be recovered from insurance reimbursements. Although the ultimate disposition of asserted claims cannot be predicted with certainty, it is our belief that the outcome of any such claims, either individually or on a combined basis, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. However, such outcomes may be material to our consolidated statement of operations for a particular period. The Company records an accrual for any claim that arises whenever it considers that it is probable that it is exposed to a loss contingency and the amount of the loss contingency can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not record a gain contingency until the period in which all contingencies are resolved and the gain is realized or realizable. Legal fees are expensed when incurred. 
 
 Based on the most current information available to it and based on its best estimate, the Company also reevaluates at least on a quarterly basis the claims that have arisen to determine whether any new accruals need to be made or whether any accruals made need to be adjusted. Based on the procedures described above, the Company has an aggregate amount of million accrued for potential and current legal proceedings pending as of December 31, 2022, compared to million accrued at December 31, 2021 (without reduction for any related insurance reimbursements). The accruals are included in Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s balance related to insurance reimbursements was million (December 31, 2021: million) and is included in Other non-current assets . 
 
 The Company also estimates the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the amount accrued based on currently available information for those cases for which such estimate can be made. The estimated aggregate range requires significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings, the existence of multiple defendants (including the Company) in such claims whose share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the claims, and the attendant uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such claims. Accordingly, the Company s estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may be more than the current estimate. As at December 31, 2022, the Company believes that for all litigation pending its potential aggregate exposure to loss in excess of the amount accrued (without reduction for any amounts that may possibly be recovered under insurance programs) could range between million and million. Based upon our past experience with these matters, the Company would expect to receive additional insurance reimbursement of up to million on certain of these claims that would partially offset the potential aggregate exposure to loss in excess of the amount accrued. 
 
 In addition, the Company is currently assisting Motorola in the defense of personal injury lawsuits due to indemnity obligations included in the agreement that separated Freescale from Motorola in 2004. The multi-plaintiff Motorola lawsuits are pending in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois. These claims allege a link between working in semiconductor manufacturing clean room facilities and birth defects in individuals. The Motorola suits allege exposures between 1981 and 2006. Each claim seeks an unspecified amount of damages for the alleged injuries; however, legal counsel representing the plaintiffs have indicated they will seek substantial compensatory and punitive damages from Motorola for the entire inventory of claims which, if proven and recovered, the Company considers to be material. A portion of any indemnity due to Motorola will be reimbursed to NXP if Motorola receives an indemnification payment from its insurance coverage. Motorola has potential insurance coverage for many of the years indicated above, but with differing types and levels of coverage, self-insurance retention amounts and deductibles. We are in discussions with Motorola and their 
 94 

million in insurance proceeds directly offsetting the loss from operations that were incurred in the period. 
 
 Environmental remediation 
 In each jurisdiction in which we operate, we are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that govern, among other things, emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and ground water contamination and the health and safety of our employees. We are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. 
 
 As with other companies engaged in similar activities or that own or operate real property, the Company faces inherent risks of environmental liability at our current and legacy manufacturing facilities. Certain environmental laws impose liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances. Some specific laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be a contributor or responsible party for environmental contamination. 
 Soil and groundwater contamination has been identified at our properties in Nijmegen, the Netherlands and near Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The remediation processes at these locations are expected to continue for many years. 
 
 million for environmental remediation costs (2021: million, which are primarily included in other non-current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount represents the undiscounted future cash flows of our estimated share of costs incurred in environmental cleanup sites without considering recovery of costs from any other party or insurer, since in most cases potentially responsible parties other than us may exist and be held responsible. 

Note 16 - 
 authorized shares, including authorized shares of common stock, and authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 
 
 For repurchases of shares in 2021 and 2022, the board of directors of NXP ("the Board") made use of the authorizations renewed by the annual general meeting of shareholders on June 17, 2019, May 27, 2020, May 26, 2021 and June 1, 2022, respectively. The Board has approved the purchase of shares from participants in NXP's equity programs to satisfy participants' tax withholding obligations and this authorization will remain in effect until terminated by the Board. In November 2019, the Board approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of billion (the "2019 Share Repurchase Program"). In March 2021, the Board approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of billion (the "2021 Share Repurchase Program"), and in August 2021, the Board increased the 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorization by billion, for a total of billion approved for the repurchase of shares under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. In January 2022, the Board approved the repurchase of shares up to a maximum of billion (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program"). 
 
 During the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2022, NXP repurchased million shares, for a total of approximately billion, and during the year-ended December 31, 2021, NXP repurchased million 
 95 

billion. As approved by the board of directors, on December 15, 2020, NXP cancelled some million shares and on November 30, 2021, NXP cancelled million shares. As a result, the number of issued NXP shares as per December 31, 2021 is shares and as per December 31, 2022, the Company has issued and paid up shares of common stock each having a par value of or a nominal stock capital of million (2021: million). 
 
 Cash dividends 
 Dividends declared (per share) 
 
 Share-based awards 
 The Company has granted share-based awards to the members of our board of directors, management team, our other executives, selected other key employees/talents of NXP and selected new hires to receive the Company s shares in the future. See Note 17, Share-based Compensation . 
 
 Treasury shares 
 From time to time, last on June 1, 2022, the General Meeting of Shareholders authorizes the Board of Directors to repurchase shares of our common stock. On that basis, the Board of Directors has approved various share repurchase programs. In accordance with the Company s policy to provide share-based awards from its treasury share inventory, shares which have been repurchased and are held in treasury for delivery upon exercise of options and under restricted and performance share programs, are accounted for as a reduction of stockholders equity. Treasury shares are recorded at cost, representing the market price on the acquisition date. When issued, shares are removed from treasury shares on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. 
 
 Differences between the cost and the proceeds received when treasury shares are reissued, are recorded in capital in excess of par value. Deficiencies in excess of net gains arising from previous treasury share issuances are charged to retained earnings. 
 
 Total cost Shares acquired under repurchase program Average price in per share Total cost of repurchases Shares delivered Average price in per share Amount received Shares retired Total shares in treasury at end of year Total cost 
 
 Shareholder tax on repurchased shares 
 Under Dutch tax law, the repurchase of a company s shares by an entity in the Netherlands is a taxable event (unless exemptions apply). The tax on the repurchased shares is attributed to the shareholders, with NXP making the payment on the shareholders behalf. As such, the tax on the repurchased shares is accounted for within stockholders equity. 
 96 

Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to stockholders Weighted average number of shares outstanding (after deduction of treasury shares) during the year (in thousands) Plus incremental shares from assumed conversion of: Options 1) 
 Restricted Share Units, Performance Share Units and Equity Rights 2) 
 Dilutive potential common share Adjusted weighted average number of shares outstanding (after deduction of treasury shares) during the year (in thousands) 1) 
 EPS attributable to stockholders in : Basic net income (loss) Diluted net income (loss) 
 1) stock options to purchase shares of NXP s common stock that were outstanding in 2022 (2021: ; 2020: were anti-dilutive and were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the exercise price was greater than the average fair market value of the common stock or the number of shares assumed to be repurchased using the proceeds of unrecognized compensation expense and exercise prices was greater than the weighted average number of shares underlying outstanding stock options. 
 million shares that were outstanding in 2022 (2021: shares; 2020: million shares) were anti-dilutive and were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the number of shares assumed to be repurchased using the proceeds of unrecognized compensation expense was greater than the weighted average number of outstanding unvested RSU s, PSU s and equity rights or the performance goal has not been met. 

Note 17 - 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative 
 The income tax (expense) benefit recognized in net income related to share-based compensation expenses was million (includes million of excess tax benefits), million (includes million of excess tax benefits) and million (includes million of excess tax benefits) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) 
 The LTIP was introduced in 2010 and is a broad-based long-term retention program to attract, retain and motivate talented employees as well as align stockholder and employee interests. The LTIP provides share-based compensation awards to both our eligible employees and non-employee directors. Awards that may be granted include performance shares, stock options and restricted shares. Awards granted generally will become fully vested upon a termination event occurring within following a change in control, as defined. A termination event is defined as either termination of employment or services other than for cause or constructive 
 97 

million. 
 
 A charge of million was recorded in 2022 for the LTIP (2021: million; 2020: million). 
 
 A summary of the activity for our LTIP s during 2022 is presented below. 
 
 Stock options 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were (2021: unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 No options were granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The intrinsic value of the exercised options was million (2021: million; 2020: million), whereas the amount received by NXP was million (2021: million; 2020: million). The tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance share units 
 
 Market performance conditions 
 
 The Company grants PSU awards to certain executives of the Company with a performance measure of Relative Total Shareholder Return Relative TSR ). Each PSU, which generally cliff vests on the third anniversary of the date of grant, entitles the grant recipient to receive from to common shares for each of the target units awarded based on the Relative TSR of the Company's share price as compared to a set of peer companies. 
 
 The fair value of the PSUs is calculated using a Monte Carlo valuation model, utilizing assumptions underlying the Black-Scholes methodology: 
 
 98 

Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield NXP share price volatility Initial TSR ) 
 
 Granted Performance based adjustment 1) 
 ) Vested Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 1) The amount shown represents performance adjustments for performance-based awards granted on July 26, 2018. These units vested at during 2022 based on the achievement of Relative TSR performance conditions. 

In 2022, the weighted average grant date fair value of performance share units granted was (2021: ; 2020: ). 
 
 In 2022, the fair value of the performance share units at the time of vesting was million (2021: million; 2020: ). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was a total of million (2021: million; 2020: million) of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested performance share units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years (2021: years; 2020: years). 
 
 Restricted share units 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted share units granted in 2022 was (2021: ; 2020: ). The fair value of the restricted share units at the time of vesting was million (2021: million; 2020: million). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was a total of million (2021: million; 2020: million) of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted share units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years (2021: years; 2020: years). 
 
 99 

Note 18 - 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Income tax effects ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Income tax effects ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

Note 19 - 
 Purchase of goods and services 
 
 Payables 

100 

Note 20 - 
 Marketable equity securities 1 Derivative instruments-assets 2 Liabilities: Derivative instruments-liabilities 2 ) ) 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 
 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Investments in money market funds (as part of our cash and cash equivalents) and marketable equity securities (as part of other non-current assets) have fair value measurements which are all based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. For derivatives (as part of other current assets or accrued liabilities) the fair value is based upon significant other observable inputs depending on the nature of the derivative. 
 
 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 We measure and record our non-marketable equity securities, equity method investments and non-financial assets, such as intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, at fair value when an impairment charge is required. 
 
 Assets and liabilities not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis include non-marketable equity securities and equity method investments that have not been remeasured or impaired in the current period and debt. 
 billion billion as of December 31, 2021). The fair value is estimated on the basis of broker-dealer quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. Accrued interest is included under accrued liabilities and not within the carrying amount or estimated fair value of debt. 

Note 21 - 
 
 101 

Note 22 - 
 Singapore United States Japan Germany South Korea Taiwan Netherlands Other countries 1) China includes Mainland China and Hong Kong 
 
 102 

Singapore 1) 
 China 2) 
 Malaysia Netherlands Taiwan Thailand Other countries 1) Mainly consists of property and equipment of SSMC, our consolidated joint venture with TSMC 
 2) China includes Mainland China and Hong Kong 

103 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, conducted an evaluation pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we filed or submitted under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and included controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in such reports was accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance, not absolute assurance, regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 As disclosed in Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting associated with ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access, change-management and IT operations over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 During 2022, management implemented our previously disclosed remediation plan that included: 
 Expanding controls and/or applying other appropriate procedures to address the design and operation of ITGCs on systems supporting our financial processes. 
 Creating and filling functions with an emphasis on IT compliance and oversight as well as engaging with an advisor to support control design and training. 
 Developing a training program addressing ITGCs and policies, including educating control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those related to user access and change-management over IT systems impacting financial reporting. 
 Developing and maintaining policy documentation underlying ITGCs to promote knowledge transfer upon personnel and function changes. 
 Developing enhanced risk assessment and control identification procedures. 
 Implementing an IT management review and testing plan to monitor ITGCs with a specific focus on systems supporting our financial reporting processes. 
 Enhanced quarterly reporting on the remediation measures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 104 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and based on that assessment our management concluded the material weakness has been remediated and our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young Accountants LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 It should be noted that any control system, regardless of how well it is designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the changes in connection with our implementation of the remediation plan discussed above, as of December 31, 2022, there were no other changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the three and twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022, which were identified in connection with management's evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 105 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this Item regarding our directors, executive officers and governance, appears under the captions "Item 3: (Re-)appointment of Directors", "Executive Officers", "Corporate Governance" and "How our Board Governs and Is Governed", in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The captions entitled Executive Compensation and How Our Directors Are Compensated in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The captions entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions," "Item 3: (Re-)appointment of Directors" and "How our Board Governs and Is Governed" in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information under the captions "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm," Auditors' fees and "Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies" in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 106 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements: 
 See "List of Financial Statements" within the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Not applicable or the required information is otherwise included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 (a) 3. Exhibits: 
 The exhibits listed on the index below are filed as part of, or hereby incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description of Document 3.1 Articles of Association of NXP Semiconductors N.V. dated June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on July 28, 2020) 
 4.1 
 Description of the Company s securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021) 
 4.2 Senior Indenture dated as of May 23, 2016, between NXP B.V. and NXP Funding LLC as Issuers, each of the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 of the Form 6-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on August 2, 2016) 
 4.3 Senior Indenture dated as of December 6, 2018, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding LLC, each of the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 of the Form 20-F of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on March 1, 2019) 
 4.4 Senior Indenture dated as of June 18, 2019, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding LLC, NXP USA, Inc. as Issuers, NXP Semiconductors N.V. as Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Form 6-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on July 30, 2019) 
 4.5 Senior Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2020, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding LLC, NXP USA, Inc. as Issuers, NXP Semiconductors N.V. as Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on May 1, 2020) 
 4.6 Senior Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2021, among the Issuers, the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on May 11, 2021) 
 4.7 Senior Indenture, dated as of November 30, 2021, among the Issuers, the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on November 30, 2021) 
 4.8 Base Indenture, dated May 16, 2022, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding, LLC, NXP USA, Inc., NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on May 16, 2022) 
 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 16, 2022, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding, LLC, NXP USA, Inc., NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 107 

10.1 Intellectual Property Transfer and License Agreement dated as of September 28, 2006 between Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. and NXP B.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on June 30, 2010 (File No. 333-166128)) 
 10.2 Intellectual Property Transfer and License Agreement dated as of November 16, 2009 among NXP B.V., Virage Logic Corporation and VL C.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on June 30, 2010 (File No. 333-166128)) 
 10.3 Shareholders agreement dated as of March 30, 1999, as amended among EBD Investments Pte. Ltd., Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on June 30, 2010 (File No. 333-166128)) 
 10.4 Lease Agreement dated as of December 23, 2004 between Jurong Town Corporation and Systems on Silicon Manufacturing Company Pte. Ltd. for the property at No. 70 Pasir Ris Drive 1, Singapore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on June 10, 2010 (File No. 333-166128)) 
 10.5+ Long Term Incentive Plan 2015/6 Terms and Conditions with regard to the Stock Option Plan, the Performance Stock Unit Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Form 20-F of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on February 26, 2016) 
 10.6+ 
 NXP Semiconductors N.V. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Form S-8 of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on September 10, 2019 (File No. 333-233694)) 
 10.7+ 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on October 29, 2019) 
 10.8+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on October 29, 2019) 
 10.9+ 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on October 29, 2019) 
 10.10+ 
 Employment Letter between NXP USA, Inc. and Peter Kelly dated August 17, 2018 and Employment Agreement between NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Mr. P Kelly effective June 19, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on February 27, 2020) 
 10.11+ 
 Summary of MT Change of Control Severance Arrangement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on February 27, 2020) 
 10.12 Guaranty, dated as of June 11, 2019, made by NXP Semiconductors N.V. and NXP USA, Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Form 6-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on July 30, 2019) 
 10.13+ Management Agreement dated March 5, 2020 between the Company and Kurt Sievers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on March 9, 2020) 
 10.14+ Secondment Addendum dated March 5, 2020 between NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH and Kurt Sievers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on March 9, 2020) 
 10.15+ Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2009 between NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH and Kurt Sievers, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on April 28, 2020) 
 10.16+ Employment Agreement dated March 18, 2013 between NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Steve Owen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on April 28, 2020) 
 
 108 

10.17+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on October 27, 2020) 
 10.18+ Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on February 25, 2021) 
 10.19+ Employment Agreement dated August 25, 2021 between NXP USA, Inc. and Jennifer Wuamett (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on August 26, 2021) 
 10.20+ Employment Agreement dated October 12, 2021 between NXP USA, Inc. and Bill Betz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on October 12, 2021) 
 10.21+ Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V., filed on November 2, 2021) 
 10.22+ Employment Agreement dated May 10, 2021 between NXP USA, Inc. and Andy Micallef (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on May 3, 202 2 
 10.23+ Transition A greement dated July 24, 2022 between NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Steve Owen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on July 26, 2022) 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, among NXP B.V., NXP Funding LLC, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on August 29, 2022) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, among NXP Semiconductors N.V., NXP USA, Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on August 29, 2022) 
 10.26+ Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NXP Semiconductors N.V. filed on November 1, 2022) 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 22.1 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 101 The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 , formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed or furnished herewith. + 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangements. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 109 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 1, 2023 NXP Semiconductors N.V. By: /s/ WILLIAM J. BETZ William J. Betz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 110 

Power of Attorney 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Jennifer Wuamett and Timothy Shelhamer, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to sign any and all amendments to the Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities indicated on March 1, 2023. 
 /s/KURT SIEVERS /s/WILLIAM J. BETZ Kurt Sievers William J. Betz Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) /s/SIR PETER BONFIELD /s/ANNETTE CLAYTON Sir Peter Bonfield Annette Clayton Non-executive Director and Chair of the Board Non-executive Director /s/ANTHONY FOXX /s/CHUNYUAN GU Anthony Foxx Chunyuan Gu Non-executive Director Non-executive Director /s/LENA OLVING /s/JULIE SOUTHERN Lena Olving Julie Southern Non-executive Director Non-executive Director /s/JASMIN STAIBLIN /s/GREGORY L. SUMME Jasmin Staiblin Gregory L. Summe Non-executive Director Non-executive Director /s/KARL-HENRIK SUNDSTR M Karl-Henrik Sundstr m Non-executive Director 
 111 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a211listofsubsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

a211listofsubsidiaries 

Exhibit 21.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT. List of direct and indirect subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 Country of incorporation Name legal entity Australia Cohda Wireless Pty Ltd. (27 Austria NXP Semiconductors Austria GmbH Co KG Austria NXP Semiconductors Austria GmbH Belgium NXP Semiconductors Belgium N.V. Brazil NXP Semicondutores Brasil Ltda. Canada NXP Canada Inc. China NXP (China) Management Ltd. China NXP (Chongqing) Semiconductors Co. Ltd. China NXP Semiconductors (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Datang NXP Semiconductors Co., Ltd (49 China NXP Qiangxin (Tianjin) IC Design Co. Ltd. (51 China NXP Semiconductors (Tianjin) Ltd. Czech Republic NXP Semiconductors Czech Republic s.r.o. Denmark NXP Semiconductors Denmark ApS France NXP Semiconductors France SAS Germany SMST Unterst tzungskasse GmbH Germany NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH Germany Catena Germany GmbH Hong Kong NXP Semiconductors Asia Hong Kong Limited Hungary NXP Semiconductors Hungary Ltd. India NXP India Pvt. Ltd. India Intoto Software India Pvt. Ltd. Israel NXP Semiconductors Israel Ltd. Israel Freescale Semiconductor Israel Ltd. Isreal NXP Israel Ltd. Japan NXP Japan Ltd. Korea NXP Semiconductors Korea Ltd. Malaysia NXP Malaysia Sdn Bhd. Mexico NXP Semiconductors M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Netherlands NXP B.V. Netherlands NXP Semiconductors Netherlands B.V. Philippines NXP Philippines, Inc. Romania NXP Semiconductors Romania Srl Russia NXP Semiconductors Moscow LLC Singapore NXP Semiconductors Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Systems on Silicon Manufacturing Company Pte Ltd (61.2 Sweden NXP Semiconductors Nordic AB Switzerland Freescale Semiconductor EME A SA 

Taiwan NXP Semiconductors Taiwan Ltd. Thailand NXP Manufacturing (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand NXP Semiconductors (Thailand) Ltd. Turkey NXP Semiconductors Elektonik Ticaret A.S. United Kingdom NXP Laboratories UK Ltd. USA NXP Funding LLC USA Intoto LLC USA Omniphy, Inc. USA Freescale Semiconductor Holdings V, Inc. USA NXP USA, Inc. USA Freescale Semiconductor Holding Limited Liability Company Vietnam NXP Semiconductors Vietnam Co., Ltd. = joint venture 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 3
 a221nxp-guarantorlist.htm
 EX-22.1

a221nxp-guarantorlist 

Exhibit 22.1 List of Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities The subsidiaries of NXP Semiconductors N.V. (the Company identified in the table below have issued the debt securities listed opposite each such subsidiary issuer. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all such securities. Subsidiary Issuers Guaranteed Securities NXP B.V. and NXP Funding LLC (Co-Issuers) 4.875 Senior Notes due 2024 5.350 Senior Notes due 2026 5.550 Senior Notes due 2028 NXP B.V., NXP Funding LLC and NXP USA, Inc. (Co- Issuers) 2.700 Senior Notes due 2025 3.875 Senior Notes due 2026 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027 4.400 Senior Notes due 2027 4.300 Senior Notes due 2029 3.400 Senior Notes due 2030 2.500 Senior Notes due 2031 2.650 Senior Notes due 2032 5.000 Senior Notes due 2033 3.250 Senior Notes due 2041 3.125 Senior Notes due 2042 3.250 Senior Notes due 2051 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a231consent.htm
 EX-23.1

a231consent 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors of NXP Semiconductors N.V. We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements and in the related prospectuses on Form S-8 (No. 333-233694, No. 333-227332, No. 333-221118, No. 333-220341, No. 333-203192, No. 333-190472, No. 333-172711) and Form S-3 (No. 333-263733, No. 333-263733-01, No. 333-263733-02, No. 333-263733-03) of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of NXP Semiconductors N.V., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of NXP Semiconductors N.V. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year-ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young Accountants LLP Eindhoven, the Netherlands March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

exhibit311 

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Kurt Sievers, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Kurt Sievers Kurt Sievers President Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

exhibit312 

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, William J. Betz, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NXP Semiconductors N.V.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ William J. Betz William J. Betz Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

exhibit321 

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Kurt Sievers, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of NXP Semiconductors N.V. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of NXP Semiconductors N.V. at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: March 1, 2023 I, William J. Betz, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of NXP Semiconductors N.V. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of NXP Semiconductors N.V. at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Kurt Sievers Kurt Sievers President Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ William J. Betz William J. Betz Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nxpi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nxpi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nxpi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nxpi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nxpi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

